# Hangout: Lynette - Mask

## Conversation 1

### Talk: Argalia: There you are, Lynette! Where did you disappear to? Leone and I have been looking everywhere for you... Wait, where'd you get the cat?

Argalia: There you are, Lynette! Where did you disappear to? Leone and I have been looking everywhere for you... Wait, where'd you get the cat?
Bonnie: Meow~
Lynette: I found her outside. Do either of you happen to recognize her?
Leone: Umm... I don't think so. Could belong to one of the guests, I suppose?
Lynette: Eh, fair enough. It was a long shot...
Leone: So sorry we couldn't help you, Lynette...
Argalia: Uh, don't worry! We'll... ask around for you! Leone's probably just being forgetful...
Leone: Maybe you could leave her with us? We'll take her to the reception desk and see if they know anything. And if not... we'll just keep looking!
Lynette: Sure. I would help, but I'm a little preoccupied. Sorry to dump this on you.
Argalia: It's no trouble at all! We're happy to help however we can!
Leone: Also, uh... If it's no trouble, I mean — could we maybe get an autograph? ...And maybe a photo, too?
Lynette: Uhh...
Argalia: Leone! You can't spring that on her now, not while she's working... At least wait until the event's finished!
Argalia: One last thing, Lynette — Director Merieux's looking for you... We'll take the cat to the front desk now. See you later!
Lynette: ...
Traveler: You're so popular!
Lynette: ...Ugh, I'm not usually required at these kinds of events, so I don't even have an "event mode"... Alright, guess I'd better go see the director.
Corentin: ...Spectacular choreography, a masterpiece of mise-en-scene! And the performance — oh my, groundbreaking! Dripping with je ne sais quoi! ...My congratulations on another magnificent show, Sir.
Amaury: Yes, yes... I, for one, was particularly captivated by the clearly allegorical narrative undertones. The Lost Puppet shines a spotlight on the impact of technological advances in our modern society, particularly as they relate to changing modes of emotional expression and the challenge of mutual intelligibility!
Amaury: Such a pioneering work, so far ahead of its time... A tour de force of avant-garde theater!
Maloney: Hehehe, I can already see the headlines of tomorrow's newspapers! They will certainly be singing your praise, Director Merieux!
Merieux: Hahaha... But it was a group effort, of course. To convey emotions in a silent show with no facial expressions, the entire cast had to go above and beyond. Everyone truly outdid themselves...
Friendly Reporter: Speaking of the cast — Gillian, another strong performance from you in Director Merieux's latest show, as of course we've all come to expect from your numerous successful collaborations to date...
Gillian: That's quite an overstatement. I've only ever played supporting roles...
Excited Reporter: On that point, you stated a few months ago in an interview that you were looking to secure a leading role in your next show. What led to the decision to stay in a supporting role this time around?
Gillian: Umm...
Merieux: Ahem... We had a discussion about this, and while Lynette hadn't previously performed in an acting role, we were blown away by her talent! And she was a perfect fit for this character...
Merieux: Quite simply, this was the role she was born to play...
Gillian: Exactly... I was honored to share the stage with her. Lynette worked extremely hard in all of the rehearsals, and she's an incredibly talented actress...
Friendly Reporter: ...Oh! Lynette's back!
Excited Reporter: Hey, Lynette, where've you been?
Friendly Reporter: Were you in "standby mode"? Some reports say you switch to that state to "recharge" after a show.
Corentin: Ah, method acting, of course! Such a compelling portrayal of a mechanical puppet could only be achieved by an actor who lives and breathes their role even while off stage!
Amaury: ...Those seemingly stilted movements were in fact an inspired portrayal of the character! The ostensible bad acting, in reality was the product of supreme acting skill!
Lynette: Oh, uh... I went outside and there was this cat there, so... I played with the cat for a bit...
Corentin: A cat? ...Hahaha, we've long heard that you were a kind soul as well as an incredible actress. No wonder your debut performance has garnered such popularity!
Friendly Reporter: This show looks on track to break box office records for avant-garde theater. Lynette, any words for the fans?
Lynette: Um, not really, no...
Amaury: Uh... I believe Lynette is trying to say that the act of performance itself is the actor's true means of connecting with their fans...
Friendly Reporter: Ohh, I see! Lynette, any comments?
Lynette: ...
Lynette: ...Mm-hmm, right. Exactly.
Excited Reporter: ...But don't you want the fans to know how you're feeling right now? After the hugely successful opening of your first-ever show?
Lynette: That's true.
Excited Reporter: I'm sure the fans would love to learn a bit more about you, too!
Lynette: ...How interesting.
Traveler: [Insight] (Observe Lynette to see how she's doing...)

### Choice 1

*Condition: COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1003, 0]*

#### Branch 1 (applies if COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1003, 0])

Traveler: (Lynette's answers all sound very calm. She seems fine...)
Friendly Reporter: Lynette, how do you find acting compares with performing in a magic show?
Excited Reporter: What does the future hold for you, Lynette?
Lynette: Uhh...
Black Screen Text: Lynette struggles to keep up as she is inundated with questions...
At long last, the crowd eventually disperses...
Lynette: *sobs*...
Traveler: Are you alright...?
Lynette: Yeah, it's just... Turns out I can't cope with this stuff even in tea party mode...
Traveler: Tea party mode...?
Lynette: It's a power-saving mode for participating in conversation at tea parties... Normally, I can get through an entire conversation just with "Mm-hmm," "Oh," "That's true," and "How interesting."
Lynette: ...But at a tea party, I'm not normally subjected to a constant stream of questions. The energy consumption of that interview just now was three times as much as the average tea party...

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's a big adjustment. Give it some time.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Maybe after a few more interviews, you'll get used to it?

Lynette: ...I think I'd rather pray that I never have to do it again.
Cyril: Lynette — Director Merieux would like you to join the group photo to commemorate the successful opening of the show.
Lynette: ...A group photo?
Cyril: It's just the members of the troupe, along with Maloney and Corentin. Everyone's waiting for you.
Lynette: Alright then... See you in a minute.
Black Screen Text: Lynette and Cyril go to do the group photo...
Cyril: Three, two, one, smile!
Merieux: ...My thanks to each and every one of you here for your help in making The Lost Puppet a success! The group photo is already being printed as I speak.
Merieux: You can collect your copy from the first floor after the drinks reception concludes. May it serve as a reminder of this fabulous performance every time you see it!
Maloney: Merieux! Hahaha, get over here and let's have another drink! There's a few things I need you to glance over for me...
Traveler: (Wait, that means... the reception STILL isn't over?)
Lynette: I thought the group photo was the final hurdle... Well, at least there's no more people hounding me with questions. I just need to find somewhere to switch to standby mode, and the time will fly by... I hope.
*→ Ending (save point 191820101)*

#### Branch 2

Traveler: (Lynette's voice was so deadpan during the interview. She sounded like an auto-reply bot...)
Traveler: Hold on. Lynette has only just finished performing. She needs to recharge.
Excited Reporter: Oh... Really? I'm so sorry, how rude of me...
Friendly Reporter: Huh? Wait... You're... You're the traveler who's been in the news! Did you come to see the show?
Excited Reporter: Wow! Are you a fan of Lynette too? Do you have any comments on her first performance?
Black Screen Text: You and Lynette struggle to keep up as you're both inundated with questions...
At long last, the crowd eventually disperses...
Lynette: *sobs*...
Traveler: Are you alright...?
Lynette: Yeah, it's just... Turns out even with you here to share the load, I can't cope with this stuff, even in tea party mode...
Traveler: Tea party mode...?
*→ End of conversation*

## Conversation 2

### Talk: Lynette: The photo must be in this envelope right here. Ah, it's finally over... Thank you for sticking around for so long.

Lynette: The photo must be in this envelope right here. Ah, it's finally over... Thank you for sticking around for so long.
Lynette: If it wasn't for you, I don't know how I would've standby-moded my way through the last few hours...
Traveler: (Any normal person would find an event like this stressful... But enough to warrant Lynette leaving half way through?)
Traveler: When you left the event midway... What was the real reason?
Lynette: ...
Traveler: ...I mean, if you really don't want to talk about it...
Lynette: ...It's fine. It's just... it was such a minor thing.
Lynette: While I was on stage, there was a moment when I felt like someone was looking at me... It was only for an instant, and I didn't even see who it was. But somehow, I knew it was a look of contempt.
Lynette: I got a vague sense of it again during the reception. Like someone was giving me an evil stare. But I couldn't figure out who it was...
Traveler: (Few people would manage to hide their feelings from Lynette at close range... Whoever it was, they must be a good actor.)
Lynette: ...Normally, I'm used to lurking in the shadows on the stage and spying on other people. So it was strange, feeling like I was the one being spied on this time.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Could it have something to do with the original script Furina mentioned?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Maybe someone's jealous of you? You did land a leading role in your first show.

Lynette: Or, someone just took a disliking to me for no real reason. Sometimes, you can like one person and dislike another for equally pointless reasons. Anyway, it was just a momentary stink-eye, that's all. Nothing for you to worry about.
Traveler: Okay... Well, if you're not worried, I'm not worried.
Lynette: Okay, problem solved. I'm gonna take this envelope and go home now.
Lynette: ...
Traveler: What!? It's a threat letter!
Lynette: You have destroyed this work of art... Step down from the leading role at once... ...Based on the tone, I'd say "threat letter" is right.
Traveler: (This is far more serious than a momentary stink-eye... We need to get to the bottom of it.)

### Choice 1

#### Branch 1

Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)
Traveler: (The letter demands that Lynette step down from the leading role, but stops short of saying what will happen if she doesn't...)
Traveler: (Neither of us recognize the handwriting. It's messy — perhaps to cover their tracks? Or maybe this person just has messy handwriting...)
*→ Next: Choice 2*

#### Branch 2

Traveler: (...There were a lot of people downstairs at the time. Any one of them could have slipped the letter into the envelope.)
Traveler: (All the envelopes were left on a table on the first floor, but nobody was tasked with watching them. I could ask reception, but it's unlikely they saw anything.)
*→ Next: Choice 3*

### Talk: Traveler: (There's nothing else of note...)

Traveler: (There's nothing else of note...)
### Talk: Traveler: (I was too busy enjoying Hotel Debord's desserts to pay attention to what was going on downstairs...)

Traveler: (I was too busy enjoying Hotel Debord's desserts to pay attention to what was going on downstairs...)
### Talk: Traveler: (I was too busy enjoying Hotel Debord's desserts to pay attention to what was going on downstairs...)

Traveler: (I was too busy enjoying Hotel Debord's desserts to pay attention to what was going on downstairs...)
### Talk: Traveler: (There's nothing else of note...)

Traveler: (There's nothing else of note...)
### Talk: Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)

Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)
Traveler: (The letter demands that Lynette step down from the leading role, but stops short of saying what will happen if she doesn't...)
### Talk: Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)

Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)
Traveler: (The letter demands that Lynette step down from the leading role, but stops short of saying what will happen if she doesn't...)

### Choice 2

#### Branch 1

Traveler: (...There were a lot of people downstairs at the time. Any one of them could have slipped the letter into the envelope.)
Traveler: (All the envelopes were left on a table on the first floor, but nobody was tasked with watching them. I could ask reception, but it's unlikely they saw anything.)
Lynette: I don't think we're gonna find any more clues here...
Traveler: Shall we ask Merieux what he makes of "You have destroyed this work of art"?
Lynette: Yes, let's. Whatever "destroyed" means, it could have something to do with the original script that Furina mentioned... Also, I'm gonna have to ask you to stick around a while longer.
*→ Ending (save point 191820201)*


### Choice 3

#### Branch 1

Traveler: (The unsealed envelope contained the group photo, the threat letter — and some photographs of Lynette from during the show. This was definitely meant for her.)
Traveler: (The letter demands that Lynette step down from the leading role, but stops short of saying what will happen if she doesn't...)
Traveler: (Neither of us recognize the handwriting. It's messy — perhaps to cover their tracks? Or maybe this person just has messy handwriting...)
*→ End of conversation*

## Conversation 3

### Talk: Maloney (???): Ahh, I can't believe how well the whole "Lynette's debut acting role" thing worked out. Even the avant-garde box office is lapping it up!

Maloney (???): Ahh, I can't believe how well the whole "Lynette's debut acting role" thing worked out. Even the avant-garde box office is lapping it up!
Merieux: ...Haha, how could I ever have doubted you? If you hadn't stuck to your guns and kept sending those invitations, this opportunity would've passed us by.
Maloney: See, I told you! All the times she'd refused in the past were all the more reason to keep inviting her, because it turns into a big talking point!
Maloney: Can you imagine if you'd gone with Gillian? You'd have been lucky to get half the ticket sales you've ended up with...
Merieux: True... Well, Gillian still needs to get a few more productions under her belt...
Lynette: ...Do you have a moment, Director Merieux?
Merieux: ...Oh!
Maloney: Ah, if it isn't the star of the show! We were just talking about you! ...Hmm? And is that the legendary Traveler with you?
Maloney: I'm guessing you're here to discuss the show with the director? Hehe... You're a talented and hard-working actress, Lynette — it's no wonder you're getting such rave reviews!
Traveler: (Despite his effusive words, the look in his eyes suggests he's not quite so delighted with Lynette's new-found stardom.)
Maloney: ...I'll leave you artists to discuss your work in peace. Merieux, make sure you give your star performer and her friend your full attention!
Merieux: I certainly will! Lynette carries the fortunes of our entire troupe on her shoulders!
Lynette: ...
Traveler: Who was that?
Lynette: Mr. Maloney. An investor or something, I think. I've never asked him.
Merieux: Hehe... So, what can I do for the two of you? I'm afraid I'll have to dash soon as I'm meeting some friends from the newspaper, otherwise I'd love to stay longer.
Traveler: We won't take up too much of your time.
Lynette: ...We heard that the original script for The Lost Puppet was quite different from the final show. I'm kind of curious to know what the protagonist was like in that version.
Merieux: Oh... Well, this is a surprise. I didn't think you'd be interested in that sort of thing.
Merieux: It's not uncommon for scripts to undergo major changes as they're being brought to the stage. But... I'm afraid there's not much to tell you in this case. The protagonist has stayed the same from beginning to end.
Merieux: A mechanical puppet with a bumbling body but a sensitive soul... "A stranger in time who doesn't belong..."
Merieux: There's no doubt about it: You are the protagonist, and the protagonist is you! The success of one is the success of the other, and that's what made this show an artistic triumph!
Lynette: Sorry, you've lost me. Can you put it in plain words?
Merieux: ...Ahem, alright then. Delving deep in the search of core truths is the job of an artist, after all...
Merieux: You shouldn't give your attention to early drafts of the script, Lynette. All it would do is sow confusion where you already have clarity.
Merieux: The current script is the final version because it is the best version, and your performance best brings that script to life. Why, if it weren't for you, I doubt any audience would give our show the time of day!

Option 1:

> Traveler: If everyone is happy with Lynette's performance...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Then how do you explain this letter?

Merieux: What letter? ...Oh, my goodness!
Traveler: (Merieux's expression is hard to read... but the surprise seems genuine.)
Merieux: ..."Destroyed this work of art"? ...Really?
Lynette: Well, Director Merieux? Any idea who might have written it?
Merieux: ...No. Who on earth would write such nonsense?

Option 1:

> Traveler: We found it in the envelope containing the group photo.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Could it be someone involved in the production?

Merieux: Absolutely not! Without Lynette, this show would be over! Everyone's hard work would go to waste... No, there's no way that this is someone from the troupe!
Traveler: Well... Is there any way Lynette could lie low until this blows over?
Lynette: Yeah, maybe Gillian could fill in for me for a while...
Merieux: What...? No way! Out of the question! The protagonist has to be played by Lynette. Gillian can't... she's just not what the audience is looking for...
Traveler: (Merieux's eyes are darting around, and he's lowering his voice...)
Merieux: Ah, I've got it — it's a competitor! Yes, this letter must be from a competitor of ours who's trying to get under Lynette's skin!
Merieux: You can't lie low, that's just what they want you to do! The moment you step back from performing, they'll put their rumor mill into overdrive and drag us through the mud! They're just waiting for the chance to kick us while we're down!
Lynette: A competitor? ...Really?
Merieux: Definitely. Those lowlifes... Slander and libel are all their specialties. They drown out the truth with a flood of misinformation, and they stop at nothing once they get riled up!

Option 1:

> Traveler: You sound very familiar with their methods.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Do you have a particular suspect in mind?

Merieux: ...There's so many of them out there. Fame always seems to attract haters, no matter what you do to try and keep everyone happy. But don't worry! I will get to the bottom of this!
Merieux: Stay strong, Lynette, and keep up the good work on stage. I have to go and meet my friends from the newspapers now, but rest assured I'll be discussing countermeasures with them!
Lynette: So, a competitor, huh...
Traveler: Do you think that's it?
Lynette: ...I kinda doubt it. We've dealt with those types before. Usually their goal is to steal our venue for their own show, or to cover up a scandal by planting a story to divert public attention.
Lynette: But at the moment... I don't think anyone's got a reason to do any of that stuff. Let alone pull a stunt like this — a threat letter is quite extreme.
Lynette: Besides, when I felt that evil stare, I'm pretty sure it was coming from somewhere backstage... so that rules out a lot of people.

### Choice 1

*Condition: COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1017, 0]*

#### Branch 1 (applies if COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1017, 0])

Lynette: I'm actually more concerned about Merieux... When I mentioned Gillian, his reaction was pretty unusual.
Traveler: Now you mention it, it did seem a little odd...
Lynette: Especially since Maloney mentioned that the initial plan was to cast Gillian as the lead...
Lynette: Sounds like there was an "original protagonist" as well as an "original script"... I should probably go talk to her.
Traveler: Do you know where she lives?
Lynette: Yep. She told me she lives in the Fleuve Cendre.
*→ Ending (save point 191820301)*

#### Branch 2

Lynette: I'm actually more concerned about Merieux... When I mentioned Gillian, his reaction was pretty unusual.
Traveler: So you noticed that too.
Lynette: Especially since Maloney mentioned that the initial plan was to cast Gillian as the lead...
Lynette: Sounds like there was an "original protagonist" as well as an "original script"... I should probably go talk to her.
Traveler: Do you know where she lives?
Lynette: Yep. She told me she lives in the Fleuve Cendre.
*→ End of conversation*

## Conversation 4

### Talk: Furina: Ahh... Hotel Debord's Ile flottante is as wonderfully sweet as ever...

Furina: Ahh... Hotel Debord's Ile flottante is as wonderfully sweet as ever...
Traveler: Furina? You managed to get an invite to the drinks reception, too?
Furina: #Traveler? Lynette? ...Wait, hold on! What do you mean "managed to get an invite"? I'm an expert in the dramatic arts, of course I was invited!
Furina: Naturally, people wanted to hear my comments on the emerging art form that is the "masked mime show."
Traveler: So then, what did you think?
Furina: ...Remarkable. And a very worthwhile artistic endeavor, exploring a character with no lines or facial expressions, who can only communicate how they feel through their movement...
Furina: Your performance was beyond anything I could have imagined, Lynette. Clearly, this was a very suitable role for you indeed...
Traveler: (If you listen closely, you can hear some small noise coming from the back corner...)
Lynette: ...
Furina: Hmm...? Is... Is something wrong...?
Lynette: No... it's nothing. Please, go on.
Furina: Oh...
Furina: ...Basically, I think I'd give it a positive review overall, just not as gushing as the crowd downstairs.
Lynette: ...So you thought they were pretty over the top, too?
Furina: Mm... In fairness, it's normal to bring along some vocal supporters for publicity when a new show opens. But still, this was something else....
Furina: ...Then again, I'm no specialist in avant-garde theater. Maybe I'm just not well-acquainted with their review criteria.
Furina: Or maybe it's because I came to the show with some pre-conceived expectations? I did happen to see the original draft of Merieux's script a while back.
Lynette: ...What original draft?
Furina: Oh, he didn't show it to you? It must have been a few months ago. He came to me to get some advice from an experienced performer's perspective... and then asked if I could write a few reviews of his new play.
Furina: I had a lot on my plate at the time, so I had to turn him down. I only skimmed a few sections, but they seemed quite different from the final version. I can't say I remember the plot, but...
Furina: I don't know, the protagonist just seemed more... complex, I guess? Especially in the last two scenes. Still a mechanical puppet on the outside, of course, but she seemed to have more emotional depth on the inside.
Lynette: Emotional depth...?
Furina: Oh, I'm just thinking aloud here, don't take it to heart. Besides, a script and a play are two very different beasts — there are so many fine details to consider when turning a story into a stage production. More than most people could imagine.
Furina: Especially with a novel art form like a masked mime show. I'm sure Merieux had his reasons for the changes he made.
[Missing Dialog 191820425]

Lynette: ...
Furina: ...Ahem! Change of topic — I see you've escaped the crowds to seek refuge on the second floor. Fame can be overwhelming at first, can't it? Perhaps you'd benefit from hearing about the experiences of a veteran celebrity such as myself?
Lynette: No thanks, I'm good. Pretty sure this'll be my first and last time in this situation...
Furina: Hey, at least let me finish! I have top tips on dealing with belligerent reporters, slipping away to hunt down snacks during the intermission...
Lynette: ...Tell me everything.
Furina: Hahaha, first take a seat, mon amie! We must partake of Hotel Debord's fine desserts as we talk, lest they go to waste!
Black Screen Text: The three of you enjoy some delectable treats...
As the reception comes to a close, Furina excuses herself and leaves...
Lynette: Mmm... That was very educational.
Traveler: ("Educational" isn't the word I'd use... They didn't mention acting once in the whole conversation.)
Lynette: I expect most of the people downstairs have left by now. Time to grab my copy of the group photo and get home.

*→ Ending (save point 191820401)*
## Conversation 5

### Talk: Ginna (???): L—Lynette! ...What are you doing? You're not welcome here!

Ginna (???): L—Lynette! ...What are you doing? You're not welcome here!
Lynette: ...I've been to the Fleuve Cendre plenty of times before. This is the first I'm hearing about me not being welcome.
Ginna (???): Things are different around here. You might be used to a crowd of bootlicking morons fawning over you wherever you go, but not down here! We... We know what you are!
Lynette: Bootlicking morons...?
Traveler: She's got a bone to pick with you, I guess?
Lynette: I don't know. I've never met this kid before.
Gillian: ...Ginna! Stop that! Go home, now!
Ginna: B—But... Gillian...
Gillian: No buts! How many times do I have to tell you? That had nothing to do with Lynette!
Gillian: If you don't leave right now, I swear, I'll... I'll... I'll never invite you to one of my shows ever again!
Ginna: Gillian... I, I...
Ginna: Hmph! ...Just because Lady Furina speaks highly of you, it doesn't mean you're all that!
Black Screen Text: After a few more choice words from Ginna, she storms off...
Gillian: I'm so sorry... Ginna's always been a strong-willed child. That's why I never let her visit me at work...
Lynette: It's okay. I have younger siblings too, so I get it... She's in her rebellious phase, huh?
Lynette: If you let angsty kids get you riled up, they'll drain all your energy. So don't worry, I won't let it get to me.
Gillian: Huh... Well, the situation's a little different in this case, but still — thank you. So... what brings you to the Fleuve Cendre?

Option 1:

> Traveler: We came to see you.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Can we talk about the original protagonist?

Lynette: We heard about it from Maloney. He said you were originally supposed to play the lead.
Gillian: Maloney, huh... *sigh* Of course he couldn't keep his mouth shut.
Gillian: ...I'm sorry. I never mentioned it because Director Merieux was very clear that I mustn't let any of it affect you.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Circumstances have changed.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Lynette received this letter...

Gillian: What's this? ...Aah!
Traveler: (On Gillian's face, there's panic... and doubt.)

Option 1:

> Traveler: The sender thinks that Lynette has destroyed the show...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Could it have anything to do with the original script and protagonist?

Gillian: I... I don't know, uh... Who would do something like this...?
Lynette: Don't be scared, Gillian. Just tell us what you know.
Gillian: ...Okay. I'll... try...
Gillian: It's true... I was originally cast as the lead in The Lost Puppet.
Gillian: ...I've worked with Director Merieux many times before, but only in minor roles. The audiences and critics never had much to say about me — nothing terrible, but nothing amazing either.
Gillian: A few months ago, Merieux starting working on a new show, so I plucked up the courage to ask him if I could take the leading role.
Gillian: He was hesitant, but he agreed to let me try for the part. We did a few rehearsals, everything seemed to be going okay, but then...
Merieux: There's... been a change of plan, Gillian. The leading role will now be played by Lynette.
Gillian: Lynette!? But... She always turns these things down, doesn't she?
Merieux: And that's why we cannot afford to waste this opportunity!
Merieux: Gillian, I understand how you must be feeling. But Maloney and myself have to do what's best for the production as a whole...
Merieux: ...Next time, the lead will be yours. I promise.
Gillian: ...I was incredibly disappointed at first. But I also know full well that I don't have Lynette's star power.
Gillian: Without Lynette, how could we ever convince people to pay money to go and see a "masked mime show"?
Gillian: And if the show was a flop with me in the leading role, how would I answer to the director and the rest of the cast?
Gillian: Then, I got to meet you on stage, and found that you're really down to earth, in a way that not many celebrities are. You were kind to everyone, and your performance wasn't bad...
Gillian: ...Whatever disappointment I had left at that point, I certainly wasn't about to take out on you.
Lynette: By "wasn't bad"... You mean it wasn't great either. So I'm guessing Merieux changed the script to simplify the protagonist... Make her a dumbed-down version of the mechanical puppet that I could actually play.
Gillian: ...He did make some changes to the script, yes.
Traveler: How do we get our hands on the original draft? Who currently has it?
Gillian: ...Jaiques, one of the other actors. He likes to collect Director Merieux's old drafts because he hopes to be a director himself one day. He also lives nearby... I can arrange for you to meet him at the tavern.
Lynette: Makes sense. I always see him talking to Merieux... Alright, see you at the tavern then.

*→ Ending (save point 191820501)*
## Conversation 6

### Talk: Black Screen Text: After waiting at the tavern for a while...

Black Screen Text: After waiting at the tavern for a while...
Gillian: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Jaiques: Gillian brought me up to speed on the situation. I'm here to help however I can! Here, this is the script you're after.

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...It's very rough. Looks like he was constantly editing it.

Option 2:

> Traveler: It's practically unreadable.

Jaiques: That's always the way with pen-and-paper drafts. Even the final script is full of last-minute changes by the director.
Jaiques: There should be a cleaner copy of the original script in here somewhere... Ugh, sorry, it's all a bit mixed up. I just grabbed the whole stack of papers since I was in a rush...
Lynette: No problem. Now activating search mode. I'll go through one page at a time.

*→ Ending (save point 191820601)*
## Conversation 7

### Talk: Lynette: "The protagonist returns to the ruins where she began, and performs a dance in honor of her deceased companions... She dances until her joints have rusted stiff and mechanical parts are falling from her body..."

Lynette: "The protagonist returns to the ruins where she began, and performs a dance in honor of her deceased companions... She dances until her joints have rusted stiff and mechanical parts are falling from her body..."
Lynette: ...
Lynette: ...Yep, that's not something a novice could hope to pull off after just a few months of rehearsals.
Traveler: (The basic plot is the same — she loses the ability to dance due to wear-and-tear in her circuitry. But there's much more emotion behind the scene... the memory of her former companions, coming to peace with her life...)
Traveler: (The simple set and solo performance means the lead actress has to carry the whole scene herself. It's a much more demanding role than in the final script.)
Lynette: ...Frankly, I think that the original script is much better, and the original lead is the best fit.
Lynette: Gillian, shall I go tell Merieux to put you back in the leading role?
Gillian: ...!
Jaiques: ...What? Are you serious? But the next show is at the Opera Epiclese! It's such a huge opportunity...
Lynette: ...But not such a rare one for me though, right?
Jaiques: That's different! This isn't you as part of a magic duo, it's a chance to star as the main character in a show! You'll reach whole new heights of fame!
Lynette: Umm... Fame in small doses has its perks, but... too much, and I'll get overloaded.
Lynette: But if you play the lead, the fame will be yours, and I get to be free... Sounds like a win-win, don't you think?
Gillian: ...It'll never work. There's no way Director Merieux or Maloney would ever agree to it.
Gillian: The set for act four would need to change, as would all the marketing materials... and that would mean asking Maloney for a lot more Mora.
Gillian: Changing actors at the last minute is just too risky. If anything went wrong, it could bankrupt the whole troupe!
Gillian: Plus, Maloney's "friends" have already published a ton of articles saying how this is the role that Lynette was born to play... No one else can play the protagonist now.
Gillian: If Lynette quit the show and I took her place...

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...It would destroy the reputations of Maloney's "friends."

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...None of their future articles would have any credibility.

Gillian: ...If Lynette left, they'd sooner stop the whole show then let me take her place.
Jaiques: Stop the whole show!? But... All the people in the troupe... months and months of everyone's hard work would all be for nothing!

Option 1:

> Traveler: No wonder Merieux will say anything to try and keep Lynette on board.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Convincing him to replace the lead actress won't be easy...

Traveler: [Contemplation] (Is there any other way?)

### Choice 1

*Condition: COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1010, 0]*

#### Branch 1 (applies if COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1010, 0])

Traveler: (Merieux will never back down while he's got Maloney breathing down his neck.)
Traveler: ...It's no good. Merieux will never consent to it.
Lynette: Consent, huh... Then, how about we don't ask him?
Traveler: Huh? ...Wait, surely you don't mean...
Black Screen Text: Lynette explains her idea to the group...
Lynette: ...And that way, he'll be forced to make a choice.
Jaiques: Y'know, it's a little crazy, but it might actually work...
Gillian: No way! It's not worth taking such a huge risk just for a chance to be in the spotlight...
Lynette: Gillian, you said before: "Whatever disappointment I had left... I wasn't about to take out on you."
Lynette: ...In other words, that disappointment is still there, but you've kept it bottled up inside.
Lynette: Be honest. You still hope to play the leading role, don't you?
Gillian: I... But the thought of putting so many people out just for my sake...
Lynette: You think they'd be put out? Hmm, that's not how I see it...
Jaiques: ...Gillian, you were more dedicated than anyone during the rehearsals for the original script. We all saw how hard you worked for this role!
Jaiques: And I think you know that unless we decide to make a stand here.... The path we're on is only going to take us further and further from our dreams. All of us.
Jaiques: So take it from me — you would not be "putting us out"! Not one bit.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Whether the plan succeeds...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Is up to you.

Gillian: You guys, I... I...
Gillian: ...Okay, let's do it. I will play my part.
Jaiques: Yes! I knew you'd come around. Alright, I'll let the rest of the troupe know and we'll start preparing immediately!
Lynette: Wonderful. This solves everything...
Gillian: Wait, but what about the threat letter? Do you have any idea who sent it?
Lynette: As long as we stick to the plan, I'll give up the lead role... so it won't matter anymore, right?
Gillian: But surely you want to know who it's from? If they're out there and no one's keeping an eye on them... What if they come looking for you?
Lynette: Umm... I doubt they will. It's supposed to be a threat, but they didn't even say what would happen if I don't meet their demands... Plus the handwriting is kinda childish. Doesn't look like a professional intimidator to me.
Lynette: Who knows, maybe it was just a fan of yours having a moment.
Gillian: A fan? ...Of me?
Lynette: Maybe there's someone out there who really appreciates your talent. Even in the supporting roles.
Traveler: [Contemplation] (Could the letter be from one of Gillian's fans?)
*→ Next: Choice 2*

#### Branch 2

Traveler: (Judging from those documents, Merieux's true intention seems to be...)
Traveler: ...I have an idea.
Lynette: ...You do? What is it?
Traveler: All we need to do is this:
Black Screen Text: You explain your idea to the group...
Lynette: ...That's a bold plan. I'm in.
*→ End of conversation*


### Choice 2

*Condition: COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1040, 0]*

#### Branch 1 (applies if COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1040, 0])

Traveler: (I don't think there's any solid evidence...)
Lynette: ...It's getting late, we should be leaving.
Traveler: ...Huh? So suddenly?
Lynette: Come on.
Black Screen Text: Lynette grabs your hand and leads you out of the tavern...
Traveler: (You notice the faint sound of sobbing in the corner as you're leaving the tavern...)
Ginna (???): ...I... I'm such an idiot...
*→ Next: Choice 3*

#### Branch 2

Traveler: (Gillian's sister mentioned that Furina spoke highly of Lynette... But when could she have heard that?)
*→ End of conversation*


### Choice 3

*Condition: COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1040, 0]*

#### Branch 1 (applies if COOP_COND_QUEST_CHECK_RESULT [1040, 0])

Lynette: ...Sorry for manhandling you. You looked like you were seconds away from figuring out who sent the letter, so I had to act fast.
Traveler: Actually, I have no idea...
Lynette: ...It was Ginna. Gillian's sister.
Ginna: Hmph! ...Just because Lady Furina speaks highly of you, it doesn't mean you're all that!
Gillian: I'm so sorry... Ginna's always been a strong-willed child. That's why I never let her visit me at work...
Traveler: (Furina hasn't released her official review of The Lost Puppet yet. Which means, Ginna disobeyed her sister and secretly came to watch her at work.)
Lynette: I guess she must've snuck into the drinks reception and overheard our conversation with Furina.
Lynette: She idolizes Gillian, both as an older sister and an actress... and she watched as the dream role Gillian had been waiting to play for so long got snatched away from her by some amateur who's never acted before.
Lynette: To make matters worse, all the critics were hailing this amateur as a perfect fit for the role, and even Fontaine's former biggest star was praising her abilities...

Option 1:

> Traveler: It was too much for her to take...

Option 2:

> Traveler: She wrote that letter in a fit of anger.

Lynette: Yeah. That pretty much sums it up.
Traveler: Aren't you gonna confront her about it?
Lynette: Like I said, getting angry at angsty teenagers is draining. Besides...
Lynette: If it was my younger brother or sister, and they found out I'd been treated unfairly or had an opportunity stolen from me... They'd definitely do something far worse.
Traveler: I can imagine...
Lynette: I was in Gillian's position once. Back when Lyney and I were starting out, before we got famous, we just had to take things a day at a time — doing our shows, slowly trying to build up our reputation...
Lynette: So I can understand Ginna's frustration. Still... she could definitely use some pro tips on how to write a threat letter.

Option 1:

> Traveler: No wonder she's so hostile towards you...

Option 2:

> Traveler: She must have been the one giving you that evil stare, right?

Lynette: ...No, the way she looks at me is indignant, frustrated, but not malicious. Plus, she didn't even try to hide how she felt.
Lynette: Whoever was giving me that evil stare was backstage. Blending into the crowd at a drinks reception is one thing, but trying to blend in backstage, where everyone's on high alert waiting to be called on stage, would be a lot more difficult.
Lynette: We'll find out who it is before too long. In two days' time, at the next show... I think it will become very clear.
Lynette: On that note — guess I'll see you at the opera house. Bye for now.
*→ Ending (save point 191820701)*

#### Branch 2

Lynette: ...Sorry for manhandling you. You looked like you were seconds away from figuring out who sent the letter, so I had to act fast.
Traveler: Was it Gillian's sister?
Lynette: ...Nothing gets past you.
*→ End of conversation*

## Conversation 8

### Talk: Jaiques: Oh, you're here! Lynette and Gillian are busy getting ready, so please come with me.

Jaiques: Oh, you're here! Lynette and Gillian are busy getting ready, so please come with me.
Black Screen Text: Shortly after following Jaiques into the opera house, the curtains open and the show begins...
Black Screen Text: Act I: In the Ruins
Audience: ...That puppet in the middle, is that Lynette? She's so pretty...
Audience: It's starting, keep your voice down!
Black Screen Text: The protagonist, a dancer, has been abandoned in some ruins.
She suspects it's because of a health condition with her legs, which has affected her ability to dance.
But then, she finds the other abandoned puppets who look just like her. Only then does she realize:
Her "illness" is just a mechanical breakdown. And she is just a dancing puppet.
Audience: Wow... I thought it would be hard to follow, but in the end it was actually very clear.
Audience: ...Even though her face was expressionless and she didn't speak the whole time, I felt like I could really understand how the protagonist was feeling!
Black Screen Text: Act II: The Journey
Black Screen Text: Some mechanical puppets believe in a myth:
At the end of the world, there is a god of puppets who can turn puppets into human beings.
And so, the protagonist and her companion begin their quest...
...But the myth is a lie, spread by someone with nothing but contempt for puppet-kind. At the end of their journey, they are kidnapped, dismantled, melted down, and abused.
The protagonist helped her companions escape, but in the process became trapped under the rubble of a crumbling building. She closes her eyes and enters into a deep sleep...
Audience: Director Merieux really is a master of his craft... and so is the actress in the lead role...
Audience: I have a friend who saw the show on the opening day — they thought the critics overstated how good it was. But I gotta say, the protagonist is incredible!
Black Screen Text: Act II closes to thunderous applause from the crowd...
Amaury: I can't believe it's only been a few days since the last show. Lynette's improved so much! Just wow. I'm speechless! Words simply cannot do justice to the sheer excellence we witnessed from Lynette on stage today.
Corentin: Your penchant for the hyperbolic strikes again, Amaury... Clearly, you weren't at a loss for words when you were writing your article — I saw you hand it to the journalist. Trying to get your critique into the papers the moment the show is over, are you?
Amaury: Haha, well, you know how it is — the early critics get all the readers! Wouldn't you agree, Merieux?
Merieux: ...
Maloney: ...Hmm? What's the matter, cat got your tongue? The first half was a huge success — even I could tell the acting was top-tier...
Merieux: ...My apologies, Mr. Maloney, please excuse me for a second... I need to have a little talk with my actors.
Maloney: Oh, uh... very well! Hey, while you're at it, this might be a good time to talk future collaborations with Lynette! Hehe...

*→ Ending (save point 191821001)*
## Conversation 9

### Talk: Cyril: Are you guys sure this is gonna work? What if Director Merieux pushes back?

Cyril: Are you guys sure this is gonna work? What if Director Merieux pushes back?
Jaiques: We're already halfway there, we can't back out now! All we need to do is stick to the plan...
Merieux: What is this plan that you're so intent on hiding from me, hmm?
Cyril: D—Director Merieux...! I, uh... I thought you were talking to Maloney and the critics...
Merieux: Corentin and Amaury have both finished their articles. I went to greet them as a mere formality... But you seem to have availed yourselves of my absence during the first half to defy me. What have you done?
Merieux: Was that really Lynette playing the lead role?
Traveler: Well done, Director. You saw through it.
Lynette: Tada.
Black Screen Text: Merieux hears Lynette's voice behind him.
Beside her is the protagonist, but without her costume and mask...
Gillian: Director Merieux... I was the one playing the lead role just now.
Lynette: I switched costumes and masks with Gillian so that I could be the protagonist's companion... and stay out of the limelight.
Merieux: Lynette... Why on earth would you do this!?
Lynette: You know my acting is amateur. The only reason I'm being seen as a pro, let alone a pioneer, is because you have critics supporting the show.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But right now, there's a whole audience out there...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And you have no hope of paying them all off.

Lynette: If they'd seen me in the leading role during the first half, they wouldn't be expecting anything more... But what happens now that they've seen Gillian in the role?
Lynette: If you force me to play the lead in the second half, they'll be wondering: Why is the actress suddenly giving such an underwhelming performance, right at the climax of the whole story?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Is it because she's not a good enough actress to play the role?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Were the critics wrong?

Option 3:

> Traveler: Or is this director not all he's cracked up to be?

Lynette: These are just some of the questions that will be on everyone's minds during the second half. And those questions will follow them out the doors of the theater after the show ends.
Traveler: Do you think the critics will still have any credibility then?
Lynette: There's only one way for you to save your reputation. And that's to keep Gillian as the lead all the way to the end.
Merieux: Absolutely not! I'd sooner announce that we're having technical difficulties and need to stop the show!
Merieux: If I keep Gillian as the lead for the second half, what do you think will happen in the curtain call, when she takes her mask off? Everyone will see that we've changed actors!
Merieux: What will your fans think? They're only here because of you! And what about all the critics who support you? If we get on the wrong side of them, it'll be the death of the whole show!
Merieux: There'd be tickets to refund, fines to pay for breach of contract... The whole troupe's hard work would go down the drain! Don't you see how much this would cost us?
Merieux: ...You can't just take a job on a whim, then abandon your responsibility the moment you don't feel like doing it anymore! You're playing games with other people's hopes and dreams!
Gillian: Director Merieux, please! You're not being fair to Lynette...
Lynette: Actually, Gillian, he's half right. I did kind of take this on a whim.
Lynette: But my responsibility here is making sure you get back the role that belongs to you.
Lyney: Heh, and I guess part of that responsibility lies with me, considering I badgered you into accepting the job?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Look who finally decided to show up.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Did you bring all your props?

Lyney: Haha, sorry I'm a little late to the show. Work's been keeping me pretty busy lately.
Merieux: Lyney...? Ugh, what do you want? Do you think you can snap your fingers and make all my problems magically disappear?
Lyney: That might be a little tricky... But instead, I could make something else magically appear.
Merieux: ...What's this?
Lynette: A draft complaint letter, my contract, your legal fees, reimbursement for the tickets, and an advance on the penalty fee for breach of contract.
Lynette: Mr. Merieux... I'm stepping down from the leading role. Regardless of whether you choose to cancel the rest of today's show.
Lyney: If you do suffer unforeseen financial losses from this, you're free to seek damages as per the contract. And if you want to file a lawsuit, there's a draft here that you can use if you need it.
Merieux: What the... Hah... I can't believe this. You're literally handing me a lawsuit against you, with a straight face?
Merieux: Of course... All this Mora, it's a pittance to you, isn't it? Hmph, must be nice to have the luxury of prior success and fame!
Merieux: Look at us, we're huge stars! One minute we wanna go on stage, the next we feel like backing out of the contract. But that's okay, we're famous, we can afford it! You have no respect for other people's work! You're treating other people's hopes and dreams like a big joke!
Merieux: ...You don't give a hoot how much this show means to other people. You don't even care that the whole production might have to shut down because of you!
Lynette: ...That's not true. I do care. And I'm under no illusion as to how much this show means to you.
Merieux: ...Oh, brilliant deduction there. Of course it means a lot to me, this is my show! That's the only reason I asked you to be in it in the first place!
Lynette: Really? Then why do your eyes tell a different story? The way you look at me... it's full of contempt.
Lynette: Almost as if... I've destroyed your work of art.

Option 1:

> Traveler: (Ah... so it was Merieux.)

Option 2:

> Traveler: (He's the one who was looking at Lynette with contempt.)

Merieux: What? I... I would never think that!
Lyney: A couple days ago, I asked some associates to do some digging for me. I was interested to know who else you invited to play the lead apart from Lynette...
Lyney: Surprise, surprise — turns out that all the other famous actresses you asked either had prior commitments or weren't a good fit for the role... they all turned you down.
Lynette: ...And I would have turned you down too, if not for an unlikely set of coincidences.
Lyney: You didn't send those invitations because you were looking for a better actress than Gillian... but because your investor wanted a big name in your show. Right?
Gillian: Director Merieux...

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's clear as day that Gillian is an outstanding actress.

Option 2:

> Traveler: But fame was the key factor, and that was the one thing she didn't have.

Lynette: To get Maloney on your side, you chose to make Gillian the understudy and then look for an opportunity for her to take the lead.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But then... Lynette actually accepted your invitation.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And her acting debut was sure to attract attention.

Lyney: I bet you were torn at first, weren't you? Do you stick to the tried-and-tested formula? Choose Lynette, use her celebrity to get the critics on your side so that you and your investors can line your pockets?
Lynette: Or... do you choose Gillian, so that you and your long-time collaborator can stage the show of your dreams: the original, unedited version of The Lost Puppet?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Whether you did it because of pressure from your investors...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Or because you were lured in by the money...

Traveler: Ultimately, you betrayed yourself by choosing Lynette.
Merieux: Agh...! I—I didn't... I didn't betray myself...
Lynette: You mentioned "prior success and fame" earlier... But you're a well-known director yourself, with countless works to your name. Wouldn't that make you successful too?
Lynette: Or maybe, deep down... none of your current achievements really count as "success" to you.
Merieux: Argh...!
Lyney: Right now, you have an opportunity to send Gillian onto that stage and perform the second half as you always imagined it, faithful to your original script.
Lyney: Your work would be displayed for all of Fontaine to see, in its true, perfect form.
Merieux: Did... did you say... perfect...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Will you keep pursuing a kind of "success" that you don't even value...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...At the cost of your own artistic integrity?

Lynette: Or... will you act now, before Maloney and the critics can protest, and make your dream come true on the stage? And Gillian's dream... in fact, the dreams of the whole troupe.
Merieux: ...The whole troupe?
Gillian: Director Merieux... Actually, most of the money Lyney brought came from us. We all chipped in.
Cyril: We've worked with you for many years now. Your troupe has been here for you all the way, from the empty theaters where we first performed to the opera house today.
Jaiques: We watched as you slowly started down a path you used to despise... the path of powerful connections, drinks receptions, backdoor deals with the critics, and collaborations based on fame instead of talent.
Merieux: But... But this is just a temporary measure! I did it for the good of the troupe! And... and besides, this is how the whole industry works! Everyone else is doing it!
Cyril: Yes, we know. Back when you started, you had to bite the bullet and do these things to keep the troupe afloat.
Cyril: But then what happened? You began to embrace these methods more and more, becoming so reliant on them that every show you put out is over-hyped by the media, and every script you write is edited to suit some celebrity's needs.
Jaiques: Surely you must have noticed what's happening? While we've been performing at bigger and bigger theaters with each show, the applause is getting quieter and quieter each night, and the criticism from people who've seen the show is growing.
Jaiques: Maloney's "friends" are sycophants. They don't care if the audience is disappointed because the show doesn't live up to their glowing reviews. They praise the things they like, and skirt around the things they don't!
Gillian: Look, I know everyone's using the same promotional tactics, but... does that really make it okay?
Merieux: Well, it's... it's just a stop-gap solution, I... as soon as I've made enough Mora, I'll stop. Things will be different next time, I promise...
Lynette: Next time, huh? Yeah, next time you won't use your connections, next time you won't pay off the critics. Next time, you'll let Gillian play the lead...
Lyney: Unfortunately, it doesn't work like that. If you make some money once, you'll want to do it again, then again... Slowly but surely, you turn your back on your dreams.
Gillian: ...I won't turn my back on my dreams any longer, Director Merieux! Never again!
Jaiques (Jaiques & Cyril): Me neither!
[Missing Dialog 191821193]

Traveler: [Persuasion] Today is the day! It's time to live your dreams!
Merieux: I... had dreams too, once...

*→ Ending (save point 191821101)*
## Conversation 10

### Talk: Black Screen Text: Act III: Amidst the Rubble

Black Screen Text: Act III: Amidst the Rubble
Black Screen Text: ...An unknown period of time elapsed before a group of mechanical puppets finally cleared the rubble, freed the protagonist, and reactivated her.
They told her: "You have been buried here for thousands of years. The mechanical puppets now rule the world."
It turned out that the puppets who had started the uprising were none other than the protagonist's companions, whom she had rescued all those years ago. The protagonist was now revered as a hero by all of puppet-kind.
The mechanical puppets ask the protagonist what she wishes for, but she only wishes for one thing...
Audience: ...Huh? The plot here seems a little different from what the reviews said...
Audience: The protagonist wanted to return to the stage, so the puppets replaced all her parts with the latest ones available, built her a grand opera house, and summoned a huge audience...
Audience: ...And in the end, she forgot herself amidst the applause and cheers of her fellow puppets...
Audience: Hey! No spoilers! Huh? Wait... Hang on, that's not even what's happening... The set has changed back to the one from the first act...
Merieux: Oh, archons... Please let this work out...
Lyney: No need to be so nervous, Director Merieux. We only told you Lynette would be quitting the show to get you to make a decision... We wanted you to believe that this show would have to end after today, no matter what you decided.
Lyney: But in truth, I believe that if we choose our words carefully, there's no reason we can't talk Maloney around and keep the show going.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Lyney is putting his experience at fooling people to work...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You two should definitely keep in touch.

Merieux: You really thought this plan through... Hmph... But I'm not upset about what you've done.
Merieux: ...What's worrying me now isn't how Maloney will react, or whether the show will get canceled.
Merieux: It's... the audience. I've always thought the original script is better, but will it move them like I've always hoped? When Gillian does her curtain call, will they applaud her?
Merieux: What if people only came to see the show for Lynette, and because of the reviews? What if they don't really care about the show at all?
Merieux: ...It feels like I've been hiding inside my safe little castle for too long, and now I'm scared to go outside the walls and hear what people really think...
Traveler: ...
Lyney: ...We're right here with you. We'll watch it to the end.
Black Screen Text: Act IV: Amidst the Ruins
(Original Script)
Black Screen Text: The protagonist rejects the other puppets' offer of new parts and a grand stage built in her honor...
Her only wish is to see her companions again... but she is told that they gave their lives for the revolution.
Their bodies lie buried in the ruins where they first met.
The protagonist returns to the ruins alone, to where her journey first began.
She performs one last dance before the graves of her companions. Her circuitry burns out, her parts come loose and fall from her body, but she keeps dancing until her body completely shuts down.
...It has taken her thousands of years, but at last, she has finally found a reason for dancing.
Audience: Wow... Okay, this ending is much better!
Audience: I love how they brought back the set from act one and gave it a whole new meaning... What a fantastic twist!
Gillian: (Time for the curtain call... It's the moment of truth. Will the applause continue after I take off the mask?)
Gillian: (...I could always leave my mask on... No one would ever know.)
Lynette: (...This is what fame looks like when it's truly deserved.)
Merieux: Hah...
Merieux: Ha... Haha...
Jaiques: ...Gillian, you were AMAZING! Cyril was tearing up when you did your final solo dance!
Cyril: Uh... Well, so were you...
Gillian: Really? I was so nervous, my legs felt like they'd turned to jelly...
Lynette: What looked like an actor unsteady on her feet was in fact a poignant expression of the protagonist's frailty in her last moments... or whatever.
Traveler: Oh no, I can't take any more of that...
Merieux: ...
Corentin: ...Hey! Merieux! What's the heck was that? Why wasn't Lynette playing the lead?
Amaury: Our articles are already going to press! You better have a good explanation for this!
Gillian: Um... It was my—
Jaiques: Hey now, it was all of our—
Merieux: Hold on.
Merieux: ...The decision was mine, and mine alone. They had nothing to do with it. If you have any concerns, gentlemen, then please direct them to me.
Maloney: Merieux...! So it was you! Well then... I trust you'll have no objection to me pulling the plug on this production?
Merieux: ...I—I... *sigh*

Option 1:

> Traveler: (His worst fear is coming true...)

Option 2:

> Traveler: (...Time for act five.)

Lyney: ...Director Merieux, Mr. Maloney, what on earth is going on? Why was Lynette not in the lead role?
Lyney: It took a lot of convincing from me for her to accept the role, and I had to turn down some big work opportunities to come and watch her performance today... You have some explaining to do.
Maloney: Lyney? ...It was all his idea! Merieux, explain yourself!
Lynette: Wait...
Lynette: Lyney, as a matter of fact... this was a piece of performance art.
Lynette: ...In this play, the masks and costumes serve to obscure the differences between characters, and by extension, the difference between human and machine...
Lynette: We took that idea to the next level with an actor swap, blurring the lines between one performer and the next. So it's in service of the ambitious artistic goals of the production.
Corentin: ...Uh, what?
Lynette: It's similar to deceiving the audience in a magic show. We employed this technique as a means of breaking the fourth wall.
Lynette: It allows the audience to more intuitively understand the cognitive dissonance felt by the protagonist as a machine trying to reconcile the notion of her humanity. The audience's experience mirrors the protagonist's own confusion, and becomes part of the artistic performance itself.
Maloney: Hold up... What is this nonsense?
Lyney: ...Oh, I see! Well, bravo Director Merieux. You even had me fooled!
Lynette: That's probably more because you just don't really understand avant-garde art very well, Lyney.
Lyney: Maybe so, maybe so... Well, perhaps it went over my head, but I'm sure our experts here saw the whole thing coming a mile away!
Amaury: ...Umm...
Lynette: You must have worked it out by the end of the first half, surely? Mr. Amaury, I just heard that you managed to write your review after just the first two acts...
Traveler: I'm sure that will help Director Merieux by setting future audiences up for the surprise twist at the end.
Amaury: Ahem! Y—Yes, you're right. Director Merieux and I are old friends... You should have said something, then I could have played along even better...
Merieux: Ahem, yes, well... To deceive the audience, you must first deceive your closest companions... I have to give credit to Lynette and her experience in performing magic — that's what inspired me to take my art to the next level...
Lyney: Hmm? You mean your show was partly inspired by Lynette's background in magic? Well, in that case, I'll have to plug it to everyone I know!
Lynette: ...Unfortunately, I think Mr. Maloney is going to cancel the show.
Lyney: Cancel the show? Mr. Maloney, is this true!?
Maloney: Uhh... While I accept that deceiving the audience in the manner you did certainly has artistic merit... This is not a magic show, and we don't want our audience demanding their money back...
Lynette: ...A very valid criticism, and one that I humbly accept. If that happens, we're prepared to reimburse and apologize to any audience members who weren't satisfied with the experience.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But based on their reaction today, I think that what most people want to see...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Is an excellent piece of theater, and not celebrity cameos.

Lynette: Plus, it looks like Gillian is better than me at delivering the excellence people want to see. I'm sure audiences will be very happy with the show if she's allowed to stay in the leading role.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Some reviews have said that Lynette's gave the performance of the year...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Wouldn't you say Gillian's was the performance of a lifetime?

Corentin: Maloney, uh... I believe there should still be time to tweak my article? From the look on Lynette's face... I think she's being sincere...
Lynette: #Oh, one other thing... We managed to get a meeting with Lady Furina earlier — all thanks to Traveler's reputation, of course.
Lynette: Anyway, she agreed to write a review focusing on Gillian's performance and the quality of the show as a whole... She promised to give her honest opinion.
Lynette: ...And I'm sure today's audience will be discussing her performance too. There's sure to be a variety of opinions.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But what about you, Mr. Corentin?

Option 2:

> Traveler: How would you rate this show?

Corentin: Oh... I mean... art at its finest, clearly! Um, but I'll have to give it some thought before I decide exactly what to write...
Lynette: Oh, of course. Always good to put some thought into these things. Especially now, with a growing range of voices out there... I imagine competition for readers becomes more fierce when everyone's discussing the topic?
Maloney: Tsk... Corentin! Amaury! Let's go!
Black Screen Text: A sour-faced Maloney leaves with the critics in tow...
You and Lyney excuse yourselves and leave, and the actors excitedly look forward to their next show...

*→ Ending (save point 191821201)*
## Conversation 11

### Talk: Merieux: Thank you both so much. Without the two of you, who knows how much further down that cynical path I would have gone...

Merieux: Thank you both so much. Without the two of you, who knows how much further down that cynical path I would have gone...
Merieux: I always told myself that once I'd made enough Mora, I'd get back to doing what I loved... But somewhere along the way, I started to lose sight of what that was.
Merieux: Huh... Just like those critics with their dishonest reviews, I became all about the trappings of success, at the expense of the art itself.

Option 1:

> Traveler: At least you came to your senses just in time.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And you've got an amazing group of talented people behind you.

Merieux: ...You're right. Yes, I'm a very lucky man.
Merieux: ...Anyway, enough about my problems — what are we going to do about the threat letter that Lynette received?
Merieux: I've been looking into it a lot over the past couple of days, but it doesn't seem like it was one of our competitors after all...
Lynette: Ah yes, about that...
Ginna: Um... Lynette, do you... have a moment?
Merieux: Hmm? Wait, you're... Gillian's sister, right?
Gillian: I'm sorry, Ginna insisted on coming to see Lynette, I couldn't stop her...
Ginna: Lynette... I'm sorry!
Lynette: Ah...
Traveler: (Lynette just shot me a glance... I think she's unsure which "mode" to use in this situation...)

### Choice 1

#### Branch 1

Ginna: That letter... I was the one who wrote it.
Merieux: ...What!?
Gillian: Ginna... So it was YOU!
Jaiques: Director! It's time for... Ooh, okay, weird energy here...
Cyril: I think we came at a bad time...
Gillian: Lynette, I... Ginna must have been worried sick about me, I'm sure even she wouldn't do something so stupid if she was in her right mind... Oh, I'm so sorry! I promise I'll make it up to you somehow!
Ginna: ...Gillian, no! This is completely my fault, and I'm the one who should have to bear the consequences! I got the wrong end of the stick, and completely misjudged Lynette...
Traveler: Shall we hear what Lynette has to say?
Lynette: Well... Since I haven't actually suffered any losses, seeking redress could be difficult...
Lynette: Maybe we could just... let this one slide?
Gillian: Really? ...Are you sure?
Lynette: After all, Ginna wouldn't be the first person to ever misjudge me... Right?
Merieux: Uhh... True, true...
Lynette: In any case, I think we can all agree it was a misunderstanding and nothing more. No need to overcomplicate things.
Ginna: But still... I was wrong to write that letter. I should own up to my actions — make it up to you in some way...

Option 1:

> Traveler: She seems pretty insistent...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Kids at this age really are stubborn...

Lynette: Hmm... If that's what you really want, then how about helping out backstage?
Ginna: Huh? Backstage...?
Lynette: The crew could always use an extra hand. Plus... it'll give your older sister a chance to keep an eye on you. And stop you getting into any more trouble.
Gillian: ...Thank you, Lynette... Really. Thank you so much.
*→ Ending (save point 191821302)*

#### Branch 2

Lynette: ...Yeah, me neither.
Ginna: Wait... but...
Lynette: Oh, do you mean when we ran into you at the Fleuve Cendre? And you said some mean things to me?
Lynette: As I recall, you were only trying to look out for your sister. It was just a few words spoken in anger. Don't worry, whatever it was you said, I've already forgotten.
Merieux: ...
Merieux: ...Hah. I see.
Merieux: Well, it sounds like Ginna knows what she did was wrong. Owning up to your mistakes and committing to do better in the future is what counts.
Lynette: I understand that feeling of wanting to stand up for your family when they're being mistreated. Really, I do.
Lynette: ...But next time, maybe consider a different tactic? Something you can pull off more effectively, and without arousing suspicion...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Alright, that's enough...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Stop giving her ideas!

Ginna: Got it... Thank you, Lynette.
Gillian: ...Why do I feel like I'm missing something here?
Jaiques: Hey, here you are! I was wondering where you'd all run off to.
Cyril: Great, everyone's in one place. That makes this so much easier.
Traveler: What's up?
Jaiques: Hehe, what do you think? It's group photo time! We have to commemorate the debut of The Lost Puppet: Director's Edition!
Jaiques: Okay everyone, we all have pretty awkward smiles on our faces in the photo from Hotel Debord. So this time, no forced smiles allowed!
Lynette: Ohh... Am I really not allowed to force a smile...
Traveler: Is smiling tough for you?
Lynette: ...I'll try, I suppose. I think I can manage.
Jaiques: #Lynette, Traveler, come on — you two should be right in the middle...
Cyril: Three, two, one, smile!
*→ Ending (save point 191821301)*