# The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival

Linyang: Hmm... I need to place another batch of treasure chests, don't I...
Traveler: Did I hear someone mention treasure chests?
Linyang: Eh!? Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Are you here to take part in the Moonchase Festival as well?
Traveler: You could say that.
Linyang: Then you've come at the right time! The Adventurers' Guild is currently organizing an event to celebrate the festival.
Linyang: Would you like to know more?
Traveler: What activities are we talking about here?
Linyang: During the Moonchase Festival, the Guild has placed Moonchase Charms in various places.
Linyang: Those who find these Charms can bring them back to us in exchange for various rewards.
Linyang: We've also dispatched a group of adventurers to place a large batch of special treasure chests out in the wild.
Linyang: These special treasure chests will come filled with all manner of goodies, which we've prepared just for this occasion!
Linyang: Other than these two activities, we've also got some tough challenges lined up for elite adventurers!
Linyang: As for the details, it's... Well, it involves invading a series of monster camps...
Traveler: And what does that have to do with the festival?
Linyang: Aha... Ahaha... I mean, uh, you don't have to put it like that...
Linyang: There's prizes to be had for beating those monsters!
Traveler: That's not all that different from normal commissions, come on...
Linyang: ...Please, just help us out! Most of our adventurers have left to go enjoy the festival, and many of our commissions are just sitting there with no one to take them up.
Linyang: Just lend us a hand! With your skills, it'll be a breeze, won't it?
Traveler: Oh, fine...
Linyang: O—Of course, you'll be compensated fairly, Traveler, don't worry!
Linyang: I'll be here throughout the Moonchase Festival. If you have any questions, just ask me directly.
Linyang: We're counting on you, Traveler. Well then... enjoy the festival!
Traveler: Better have that payment ready.
Traveler: That's got nothing to do with the Moonchase Festival at all!
Traveler: Oh no, not the dailies again. Anything but that...
Linyang: No, no! This activity is super adventurer-like!