# The Splendorous Sky That Day


## Talk 1

Paimon: Found it, found it! Paimon wonders what it is...
Paimon: Huh? Aw, come on, this is no treasure. It's just some tattered old drum!
Paimon: We don't know what it could be used for, either.
Traveler: If we brought this to Royinjan the antique seller...
Paimon: Ooh, that's right. Despite its rather shabby appearance, it might still be some valuable antique!
Paimon: We might be able to sell it for a good price at Royinjan's, right?
Paimon: Hmm, hold on. There's a note over there at the side. It might just hold some clues!
Paimon: Let Paimon see... Huh. This seems to have been left by an adventurer.
Paimon: "The Sign of Apaosha"... Uh, Paimon's not super sure what this guy's talking about, but he sure is irresponsible, leaving a commission unfinished just because it's hard!
Paimon: But since that's how things are, let's hand this drum over to Katheryne and let her reassign someone to complete... whatever commission this was.
Traveler: If we brought this one back to the Akademiya...
Paimon: That's right, they might want to hear more about something we found in the desert.
Paimon: Paimon's not all that interested in this studying stuff, but if we can make a little this and that off their budget, why not, right?

## Talk 2

Paimon: Found it, found it! Paimon wonders what it is...
Paimon: Huh? Aw, come on, this is no treasure. It's just some tattered old drum!
Paimon: We don't know what it could be used for, either.
Traveler: If we brought this to Royinjan the antique seller...
Paimon: Ooh, that's right. Despite its rather shabby appearance, it might still be some valuable antique!
Paimon: We might be able to sell it for a good price at Royinjan's, right?
Paimon: Hmm, hold on. There's a note over there at the side. It might just hold some clues!
Paimon: Let Paimon see... Huh. This seems to have been left by an adventurer.
Paimon: "The Sign of Apaosha"... Uh, Paimon's not super sure what this guy's talking about, but he sure is irresponsible, leaving a commission unfinished just because it's hard!
Paimon: But since that's how things are, let's hand this drum over to Katheryne and let her reassign someone to complete... whatever commission this was.
Traveler: If we brought this one back to the Akademiya...
Paimon: That's right, they might want to hear more about something we found in the desert.
Paimon: Paimon's not all that interested in this studying stuff, but if we can make a little this and that off their budget, why not, right?
Traveler: Let's say we brought this back to the Grand Bazaar...
Paimon: Ooh! Maybe the people at the Theater could make use of this. But wouldn't they already have a lot of these instruments there already?
Paimon: But y'know, it's not as if Paimon really knows the difference between drum types or anything.

## Talk 3

Katheryne: #Hello there, Traveler. How have your recent travels gone?
Traveler: They've gone quite well, thank you.
Katheryne: I've heard about your previous adventures. It seems that you've become very experienced.
Katheryne: As long as you keep going, I believe that it will only be a matter of time before you become a truly great adventurer.
Paimon: Hmm, speaking of adventures, we found this on one of ours.
Paimon: This was left by some irresponsible adventurer. We thought it'd be bad if the commission he took never got resolved, so we brought it back here.
Katheryne: Hmm... Indeed, this item is key to a particular commission. Thank you very much.
Katheryne: The commission linked to this drum is a very important one from the Akademiya and is also critical to the expansion of our operations.
Katheryne: Unfortunately, though we have previously given this commission to various talented adventurers, they have all invariably failed.
Traveler: A commission from the Akademiya...
Katheryne: Well, this is an issue that even the Akademiya cannot solve, so we did expect a relatively high failure rate.
Paimon: Actually, Paimon's getting kinda curious now. What sorta commission is this anyway?
Katheryne: Simply put, a recent star observation by researchers from the Akademiya led to the discovery that the northern skies have become blocked by a strange, heretofore unseen phenomenon.
Katheryne: Concerned that this would have a great impact on the accuracy of any astrological calculations, the Akademiya immediately put people together to investigate.
Katheryne: This resulted in them delving into ancient records, within which they found mention of a strange phenomenon known as the Sign of Apaosha, which bears strong similarities to the recent occurrence.
Katheryne: According to these records, this celestial sign appeared after the disaster that engulfed most of Teyvat five hundred years ago.
Katheryne: Although the circumstances of its eventual disappearance are unclear, its position has been determined to be near the Temir Mountains, at the northernmost regions of the desert.
Katheryne: However, that area has only ever been sparsely populated. Even when the ancient desert realms were at their peak, they did not extend that far.
Katheryne: And after the cataclysm five hundred years ago, that place was one of the areas worst affected by the encroaching Abyss due to it being connected to an ancient underground realm.
Katheryne: Since then, it has been declared a restricted zone by the Akademiya. The only people who still live there are a mysterious Darshan known by the Akademiya as the Nagarjunites.
Traveler: Huh. A mysterious Darshan, you say.
Paimon: If even you're calling it mysterious, Katheryne, it's gotta be something super mysterious...
Katheryne: Though they seem like legends to the average person, they were once a Darshan of the Akademiya, albeit one that split off five hundred years ago.
Katheryne: Then, the researchers who wished to fight the monsters from the Abyss banded together and traveled to the depths of the desert, and the Nagarjunites are an organization comprised of the people who stayed there in the end.
Katheryne: That said, it has been many years since, and they have branched off further and further from the Akademiya. They even seem to have developed their own academic traditions.
Katheryne: It seems that they also worship a form of energy known as Khvarena. This energy communicates with them in the form of spirits... Well, I feel that I'm going off-topic now.
Katheryne: The Akademiya believes that this faction is strongly related to this celestial sign. However, they have not been able to establish contact with this group and, as such, have commissioned the Guild to assist in their investigations.
Katheryne: This is a win-win situation for us as well. Ruins related to Khaenri'ah are located nearby, but exploration in that area has been declared taboo by the Akademiya until now.
Katheryne: If this commission is a success, perhaps we will be able to participate in future expeditions to those ruins.
Katheryne: Since you have heard me say this much, why don't you take this commission on?
Traveler: You're just finding someone to step up to the plate, huh?
Katheryne: Hardly. It is following careful analysis that I have found you best suited to this task. After all, your pioneering spirit is something rare even amongst adventurers.
Paimon: So after all that, it sounds like we just need to look for those Whateverites, right?
Paimon: Sounds like it'll be pretty easy! And we'll get some Mora from the Akademiya, too...
Katheryne: Yes. That drum you picked up was originally given to us by the Akademiya to be used as a token of good faith in our dealings with the Nagarjunites.
Katheryne: Just give it to the organization's leader. It stands to reason that they will have some way to solve this problem.
Katheryne: I'll be leaving this task in your hands, then. I've marked the rough position of the Temir Mountains for you. Ad astra abyssosque, Traveler! May you inscribe a new legend in the desert sands.
Traveler: Guess this is our business now, huh?
Katheryne: After some careful analysis, I believe that you are best suited to this task. After all, your pioneering spirit is something rare even amongst adventurers.
Traveler: Well, since Khaenri'ah is involved...
Traveler: The Nagarjunites...?
Traveler: Oh boy, here comes trouble.
Traveler: It's been a little tiring.
Katheryne: It would not hurt to take a little rest from time to time.

## Talk 4

Pyrrho: Who are you?
Pyrrho: You guys don't look like tribespeople of the desert, more like adventurers from a faraway land.
Pyrrho: ...But no matter who you are, this is as far as you will get. Please go back.
Traveler: We've been commissioned to come here.
Pyrrho: Commission? What commission? As far as I know, the Akademiya of the rainforest has declared this area a restricted zone. Why would there be commissions?
Paimon: We were commissioned to investigate something up in the sky that looks like bad news! The Sign of... what was it again?
Pyrrho: "The Sign of Apaosha."
Paimon: Ah, yep! That's the one!
Pyrrho: ...Wait. How did you come to know its name?
Paimon: Katheryne of the Adventurers' Guild told us! ... Hang on a minute. Didn't you mention the correct name just now?
Pyrrho: Since you know of "The Sign of Apaosha," you must have heard of us "Shama{RUBY#[D]Order of Skeptics}niyya," right?
Pyrrho: The desert past this point is a restricted zone under our guard. As a Ranger of the Order of Skeptics, I cannot let you pass, no matter what reason you may have.
Traveler: The Order of Skeptics?
Pyrrho: My apologies, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Pyrrho, a member of the Order of Skeptics in charge of guarding this place.
Paimon: "Order of Skeptics"? Paimon remembers that Katheryne told us to look for the "Nagarjuicites" or something. Umm, looks like Pyrrho isn't the one we're looking for...
Pyrrho: "Nagarjunites"? Hmph. That's just a derogatory name that those guys from the rainforest have for us!
Pyrrho: Lord Nagarjuna is a hero who fought against the "De{RUBY#[S]monster}v" alongside the divine bird's heirs. He gained divine power through the "Rite of Chinvat" and put an end to the calamity.
Pyrrho: How dare they call such a great hero — and our first Vijnanapati — by his given name!
Pyrrho: Wait, why am I telling you outsiders this? Are... are you two spies from the Akademiya?
Traveler: We're here to take care of a problem.
Pyrrho: Aha! So you are the Akademiya's henchmen! We've tried our best to keep a low profile, but still, you've managed to find our trail...
Pyrrho: Still, I'd believed that the Akademiya was full of cowards who would never dare to step foot into the desert. I won't lie — you've impressed me.
Paimon: Um, Paimon didn't expect you to have such a strong opinion about the Akademiya.
Pyrrho: Of course! Lord Nasu{RUBY#[S]Vijnanapati}raia has said that we wouldn't have been reduced to this state if it weren't for them.
Pyrrho: ...Wait. So you are here to gather intelligence after all! Ugh, I've revealed more than I should... Anyway, please leave. If this conversation continues...
Pyrrho: As unwilling as I might be to do so, I would have to end you.
Paimon: What? You're the one who couldn't resist blabbing. Why are you putting the blame onto us?
Paimon: #Also, there's no need to be rash... Oh right, Traveler, show Pyrrho the token that Katheryne gave us. He'll know what's going on once he sees it!
Pyrrho: Token? This had better not be some trick!
Paimon: Ta-da！Look, told you we weren't lying!
Pyrrho: What is this shabby drum... You call this a token?
Paimon: Eh? Did Katheryne mix things up?
Pyrrho: You guys don't think you can bribe me with such a small thing, do you? Leave now, or things will get nasty.
Pyrrho: Don't you underestimate us Skeptics!
Traveler: Spare us!
Pyrrho: It's too late to beg for mercy!
Traveler: Bring it on!
Traveler: We're here because we accepted a commission from the Akademiya...
Pyrrho: Hmph. So, the Akademiya folks have been reduced to hiring some no-name adventurers to do their dirty work, eh? Cowards, just as I thought!
Pyrrho: I thought they might send some mercenaries over at the worst. What an oversight on my part...
Traveler: Ranger?
Traveler: We are here to resolve the issue regarding the Sign of Apaosha.
Pyrrho: "The Sign of Apaosha"... How did you know of this name?
Paimon: We are adventurers who have an organization at our backs. Katheryne of the Adventurers' Guild told us, of course!

## Talk 5

Sorush: Cease! Cease, I say!
Pyrrho: Lady Sorush... Why did you... You didn't have to attend to such trivial matters personally, let alone in front of these outsiders...
Sorush: We Pari appear before whoever we wish, and our volition is not for you mere mortals to question. How dare you overstep your bounds!
Paimon: (This little thing is about Paimon's size, and the way she talks is kind of funny... Why's Pyrrho calling "Lady" in that reverent tone?)
Sorush: Hmph, your sins will be judged, but the time for that has yet to come. The two of you over there, as envoys of the Akademiya, it is only polite to state your names first, no?
Paimon: Yeah, we should have introduced ourselves first, but that high-and-mighty attitude of yours is...
Sorush: My words and actions are not contrary to traditions and principles of the Pari. The same cannot be said for you nameless persons... Hmph.
Paimon: #Ugh... Fine! We're not nameless. Paimon is Paimon, and he's Traveler. We're adventurers who came here on a commission.
Traveler: I'm the one who is an adventurer.
Paimon: Hey! We adventure together all the time!
Sorush: I need only know your names. Your other trivialities do not concern me. However, as for that drum...
Sorush: #That item has a profound connection with us Pari, and is not something that you mortals should possess. Traveler, I command you to present it to me immediately.
Paimon: No way! At least sound nicer about it when you're asking someone for a favor!
Paimon: Besides, this item is important to our commission. We're to hand it to the leader of this Order of yours.
Paimon: If we give it to you and fail to complete the commission because of that, not only might we lose our reward, we might even have to pay Mora to the Adventurers' Guild! That's a huge loss!
Sorush: Reward? Mora? To think that you would risk your lives in a place fraught with peril for such frivolous reasons... You know nothing of what transpires here.
Sorush: One mistake would send your race tumbling into an eternal samsara, and yet you commit deeds that are beyond even our comprehension.
Sorush: You humans are such... interesting beings.
Sorush: No matter... I shall bring you to the "leader" you speak of. This item would remain worthy tribute even if you should only present it to me after that meeting.
Paimon: That's more like it... Wait, that's still not right! We still have to deal with that huge hole in the sky! And if we don't...
Sorush: ...Huge hole? You refer to the Sign of Apaosha, then? And you wish to quell this calamity with mere mortal coils?
Sorush: Hah, how presumptuous! It is the duty of us Pari to eradicate the Sign of Apaosha — an endeavor that I, Sorush, shall give my all to accomplish!
Sorush: To quell this calamity, I must follow in the footsteps of the divine bird Simurgh, and sacrifice everything that one might call "Sorush"...
Sorush: To stand in my way is not a sin that one such as you may bear!
Traveler: Simurgh?
Sorush: Foolish beings, have you not heard of the divine bird Simurgh? She is the master of Khvarena who once saved the land from destruction.
Sorush: Legend has it that it was she who split into infinite motes of Khvarena after her sacrifice, thus quelling the catastrophe.
Paimon: Um, sure, but Paimon doesn't think that we'll need you to sacrifice yourself...
Sorush: Hmph. In any case, this matter is far beyond your capabilities, and your intervention is futile... All you must do is bear silent witness as I transcend.
Sorush: You shall receive remuneration from this Guild of yours so long as the calamity is quelled, will you not?
Sorush: Still, do not forget to extol my virtues and laud my accomplishments. After all, even the greatest heroes shall require mere mortals like you to sing of their deeds.
Pyrrho: But Lady Sorush, the Vijnanapati has instructed us to forbid suspicious individuals from interfering before the ritual is completed...
Sorush: I have decided, and as a Pari, my word is law!
Pyrrho: Umm...
Sorush: Alright, follow me. I shall take you to the "leader" you spoke of.
Sorush: But gird yourselves all the same. That which lies ahead is not a place that human beings can easily set foot in.
Sorush: If you get lost or end up being eaten by some monster appearing out of nowhere, there shall be nothing I can do for you.
Traveler: Huh...
Paimon: Umm, Paimon doesn't think that we'll need you to sacrifice yourself for this, though...
Traveler: We are here to look for the Order of Skeptics.

## Talk 6

Paimon: What do you mean, "Dev"? Aren't these just Abyss Mages and hilichurls?
Sorush: To think you would so easily defeat the rampaging Dev. Your strength is most radiant indeed. Consider me impressed.
Sorush: Though there is still quite the gap between you and us Pari, the sight of you fighting valiantly reminds me of those humans of legend who once fought alongside us.
Sorush: I have decided, then. You shall have the honor of being my Yasnapati!
Paimon: Yasnapati? Paimon doesn't know what that is, but coming from you, it can't be anything good, really.
Sorush: Do you not have such things amongst humans? Strategists, scribes, and the like? Those who exist to praise the heroes whose stories they exist in?
Paimon: Neither of those jobs are what you just described!
Sorush: No matter how great the hero, their great deeds must be recorded and sung of by others. If not, the same fate that befell ancient heroes shall befall them also...
Sorush: Though they may have loved violence and conflict, great deeds are still great deeds, and they deserved to be remembered.
Sorush: *sigh* Alas, those who loved conflict would be consumed by it, and once they had slain each other, they were all lost.
Sorush: And because there were no authors or poets to tell of their deeds, once all who had lived in such times were gone, their works forgotten to the last. I will not be like them.
Sorush: My great work shall shine so gloriously that the world itself will suffer great loss to not know of it. Thus, I shall now give you permission to record those deeds...
Sorush: Rejoice and give thanks, for is this not a grace that few receive from us Pari?
Paimon: This all sounds very complicated, but basically, you just need someone to tell you how awesome you are, right?
Traveler: Not interested, thanks.
Paimon: That's right! There's nothing worth bragging about with you. You just look kinda cute, that's all.
Sorush: Your refusal is futile. Orders given by a Pari are absolute!
Sorush: And what do you mean, cute? I am valiant! Heroic!
Sorush: Whatever the case, it has been decided. Fret not, you shall be free to do as you please once I have sacrificed myself to restore the pure skies.
Sorush: Till then, you shall witness my valiant form!
Paimon: Well, sure, even if Paimon can't see it...
Traveler: Sounds like an alright gig.
Paimon: Hey, what are you talking about! Paimon doesn't consent to this!
Sorush: Well, you are quite bright, aren't you? As I would expect of someone I have my eye on.
Traveler: Couldn't you find a Skeptic to help you out there?
Sorush: The Skeptics? I may admire their spirit, but other than their leader, whom you mentioned previously, the rest are not fit for such work.
Sorush: They speak all day of how conflict is the true nature of this world, but they have themselves lost all ability to engage in such.
Sorush: None of them will be able to witness my sacrifice to its end.

## Talk 7

Sorush: The path here is now dotted with Gray Crystals. When I last left it, it was not yet so.
Paimon: Gray Crystals? You mean the crystals we're seeing everywhere?
Paimon: Paimon's had her eye on them for a while now. What are they?
Sorush: Gray Crystals are remnants of the black fire's embers. Proof that this land has suffered great calamity.
Traveler: The black fire...
Sorush: Indeed. I am sure you have heard that a great catastrophe struck long ago, where dark fire rose from beneath the earth and scorched the land.
Sorush: The dark fire opened a bottomless hollow in this land, and the demons of Dev that crawled through that gap nearly turned this into a lightless realm.
Sorush: Though the gap was blocked by the great tree, the dark fire's filth spread like seeds, and the countless dark and painful memories, released by that corruption, began to lay down roots and sprout.
Sorush: This persisted till the honored lord of Khvarena, the divine bird Simurgh, drank the primordial water left behind by our god, before transforming herself into Khvarena of all kinds and scattering across the land.
Sorush: From that day on, the Khvarena has taken the divine bird's place in defending this land, and those painful memories that leaked out have been sealed by Khvarena.
Sorush: What was left are these ubiquitous Gray Crystals. Though they seem no different from any other stone, they may contain objects that are yet to be purified.
Sorush: The Gray Crystals in the area have increased of late. I suspect that this must have something to do with the Sign of Apaosha's dark power.
Sorush: But if we use Khvarena's might, we can get rid of these crystals.
Sorush: If my senses do not deceive me, a wandering Khvarena should be nearby. Let us look around.
Traveler: The calamity...

## Talk 8

Nasejuna: Lady Sorush, Khvarena's Envoy, you have returned.
Nasejuna: Though it has taken much work on my part, the analysis of documents regarding the Rite of Chinvat will soon be complete.
Nasejuna: According to my research, we need only collect all the Great Songs of Khvarena next, and your great work may then be completed.
Nasejuna: Wait a moment. You two are...
Sorush: #Do not fret. They are Traveler and Paimon, my newly-chosen Yasnapati and his companion. They are here to witness my great work.
Paimon: Hey now, Paimon hasn't agreed to that yet!
Nasejuna: A Yasnapati, you say... Though I will not question your most astute judgment, I fear that allowing ignorant outsiders into this land before the Rite of Chinvat is complete may have untoward effects.
Nasejuna: Know that the people of the Akademiya surely do not desire the Rite's completion.
Sorush: Speak no further. I have my reasons for doing this.
Sorush: #Well, then. Take that drum from before out, Traveler and Paimon.
Black Screen Text: You bring the drum out, as agreed.
Nasejuna: A Koryb{RUBY#[S]drum}antes...
Paimon: A Korybantes, you say?
Nasejuna: Hahaha! Yes. This is an important catalyst for the ritual needed to forge a Lau{RUBY#[S]connection}pa between ourselves and the Pari.
Nasejuna: I have searched for many years for this, and to think it now comes to me! Ah, this is indeed a good omen for my future plans.
Nasejuna: It would be good if the fates will also be with me when I lead the Order of Skeptics to throw down the Akademiya and burn their House of Daena, or whatever they call it, to the ground.
Paimon: Wow. What a way to casually paint yourself as the villain, huh?
Nasejuna: Villain? Hah! The Akademiya are the true villains here, have no doubt of that!
Nasejuna: Ah, I forgot my introductions. I am Nasejuna, the Vijnanapati of the Order of Skeptics, we who cultivate ourselves here. If you would use the terminology of the Akademiya, I would be the equivalent of a "sage."
Nasejuna: But I doubt those pampered folk would care much for what we at the margins call ourselves.
Nasejuna: You do not look much like those the Akademiya might send.
Traveler: We're just passing adventurers.
Nasejuna: Fair enough, though in truth it would not matter even if you were to be from that dratted place.
Nasejuna: Even if the entire Corps of Thirty were to be sent here, my plans could not be halted.
Paimon: Well, whatever your plans are, we didn't come here to stop them, that's for sure.
Nasejuna: Hah! So they would all say, those treacherous louts from the Akademiya. And when my guard is down, you would stab me in the back!
Nasejuna: Just like those people in funny masks who try to skulk about and steal our academic tomes.
Nasejuna: They even dared to attack our honored envoy of Khvarena, Lady Sorush!
Sorush: Hmph. And they met defeat at my hands, each one of them!
Traveler: Very impressive, Sorush.
Sorush: Of course, my Yasnapati. It is right that you should sing my praises!
Nasejuna: Do not look upon us as some miserable few who inhabit the Temir Mountains! We once had such numbers that all the desert north of Mt. Damavand would struggle to hold us.
Nasejuna: It is only because of our harsh environment and the slander and ostracism by the Akademiya that we have been reduced to this.
Nasejuna: If it was not for such sage souls as myself holding things together and the protection of Khvarena, we Skeptics would have been reduced to nothing long ago.
Traveler: Sounds like quite the disagreement, yes.
Paimon: Katheryne said that you have your differences, but it sure looks to Paimon like you Skeptics really hate the Akademiya.
Nasejuna: Say not "hate," but rather that we simply cannot coexist.
Nasejuna: When I was young, I did go there to learn in an attempt to mend our differences, but they treated me like an outsider.
Nasejuna: Though they feign politeness by calling us a branch of the Akademiya, this is naught but a means to belittle us!
Nasejuna: It is said that our predecessors had a clash of ideals with them, and so chose to go into the desert to stand against the darkness themselves.
Nasejuna: From that day on, we have been holding firm in the war against defilement, defending our land, and what have those useless louses been doing in the meantime?
Nasejuna: Compared to those pampered pedants, we who combine thought, word, and deed far better deserve honor for our wisdom!
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't quite get it...
Nasejuna: You need only understand that conflict is the true nature of this world.
Nasejuna: Khvarena and impurity, Dahri and the true way... It is these struggles for supremacy that have kept this world alive, just as surely as this sky does.
Nasejuna: Those sophists in their fancy Darshans believe that the fates of all are inscribed in the skies, and that this is the supreme wisdom and truth.
Nasejuna: But look! The skies reflect defilement itself! Surely their "truth," then, is an imperfect thing.
Traveler: Perhaps nothing is truly perfect.
Nasejuna: Ah, think you thus? Then we might yet be friends. If time permits, we may discuss this issue in more detail.
Sorush: Nasuraia. This is not the time to talk about such things. Have you not seen how the Gray Crystals hem us in ever more tightly?
Sorush: If we do not extinguish the Sign of Apaosha soon, things shall grow most perilous indeed...
Traveler: Well, speaking of the Sign...
Paimon: Right! That's right! We were tasked to fix this... hole thing. But after all this talking, we still don't know what it's supposed to be!
Nasejuna: Ha. Well, our plans also involve extinguishing that celestial mark. As for what it is... If it must be described as anything, let us call it the water's surface.
Paimon: The water's surface? Your explanation's just making things more confusing...
Nasejuna: The water's reflection, while an illusion, nonetheless hides the truth within itself. So it is with the skies. It is like a mirage, if you have seen those before.
Paimon: Uh, that big hole up there is way spookier than any mirage!
Nasejuna: Well, it should be, for that celestial sign reflects an otherworldly hellscape!
Nasejuna: Long, long ago, Dah{RUBY#[S]Khaenri'ah}ri once built a facility here that connected them to realms beyond.
Nasejuna: During the great disaster, which they say the Dahri started, monsters swarmed from that very facility into the nations of the world.
Nasejuna: The monsters tore open a great rift that came to be called the Tunigi Hollow, and though they were sealed away with the new vein of the ancient tree, this mysterious sign appeared along with that.
Nasejuna: What the sign reflects is that which lies beyond the dark rift, and though the monsters cannot enter Teyvat through that illusion, it nonetheless radiates corrupt energies.
Nasejuna: They say that our very first Vijnanapati extinguished that strange sign together with the Pari, but as the power of impurity has strengthened over time, this ancient symbol has appeared once more.
Nasejuna: And should we leave it be... Who knows? That hollow may truly re-emerge one day, and that ancient war will be reenacted. In truth, it might be interesting to live in such exciting times.
Paimon: What? No! That wouldn't be interesting at all!
Sorush: It matters not. Simurgh drank the Amrita left behind by our god, transmuting herself into limitless Khvarena.
Sorush: As the heirs to the divine bird, solving this problem is the mission that we Pari have. I, Sorush, will surely leave behind a work great enough to be her equal.
Nasejuna: Of course, of course, Khvarena's Envoy. And we of the Order of Skeptics shall surely help you see your duty through.
Paimon: Ugh. What's with all this talk about "sacrifice"? Is that really necessary to solve this problem?
Nasejuna: Well... In truth, I do not know. All documents regarding the Sign of Apaosha have long been lost, and the traditions and rites surrounding it have also ceased to be passed down.
Nasejuna: If it had not been for me constantly looking up what documents were left, there might not have been anymore left to know that the Rite of Chinvat existed at all.
Nasejuna: According to my research, the Pari are the descendants of Simurgh, and should therefore also have the power to transform into Khvarena to purify the land.
Nasejuna: And would you not say that a grand sacrifice to save the world on the part of the divine bird's heirs very much suits our Order's style?
Paimon: What? That's so... haphazard! This sacrifice you're talking about doesn't sound like a small thing either... Why aren't we thinking of other ways to solve this issue?
Paimon: #Paimon's sure there's gotta be some alternative, right, Traveler? It's always been this way, hasn't it?
Traveler: Yup.
Sorush: I already said that you need not interfere. Simply witnessing my sacrifice shall suffice.
Sorush: It is something worth celebrating that we Pari should sacrifice our lives to purify the earth.
Paimon: Well, you say that, but...
Nasejuna: I would ask that you keep a respectful distance from that which you do not comprehend, outsiders.
Nasejuna: But since this is the case... Well, I was planning to investigate the Tunigi Hollow to make preparations for the Rite of Chinvat anyway.
Nasejuna: Why don't you come along? I trust that you also wish to see the scars left behind by a fissure that once led beyond our world's bounds.
Nasejuna: When you see it, I believe you shall understand.
Paimon: Well, Paimon is kinda curious...
Sorush: A sound plan. In that case, I shall lead the way. After all, you would find it impossible to freely traverse this land where Khvarena battles against impurity.
Sorush: My Yasnapati, follow me to the end. Watch me complete my mission!
Traveler: I am very good at my job, after all.
Traveler: This logic seems a tad messy...
Nasejuna: Only those who dare to refute the "truth" can gain true wisdom. It seems that such courage is not found in you.
Traveler: I'm guessing those were the Fatui?
Nasejuna: The Fatui? I know not of what you speak, but they were city-folk, so I doubt the Akademiya would be far behind in the shadows.
Traveler: We did take a commission from them, sure...
Nasejuna: And so you are of them, after all. But it matters not.

## Talk 9

Paimon: Uh... Is that deep pit the Tunigi Hollow you were talking about earlier?
Paimon: There's super huge crystals all over the place, even bigger than the ones we saw before! They look scarier, too...
Sorush: These were once huge trees used to seal and subdue the creatures of the dark depths. The power of defilement has corrupted them, warping them into such forms as you see now.
Paimon: Since the monsters have been sealed, it sure doesn't look like anyone needs to sacrifice themselves again.
Nasejuna: That is why we must use the power of Khvarena to re-open the way...
Paimon: Hey! Wouldn't that just release the monsters again? They took so much effort to seal, too!
Nasejuna: No, no... I mean that we must open the path to the Sign of Apaosha. The way to the rift in the earth was sealed long ago. It can never lead to the true darkness again.
Nasejuna: But that is exactly why that sealed rift does indeed connect to the illusion of the abyss.
Nasejuna: We need only use the Great Songs of Khvarena to stabilize the seal before initiating the Rite of Chinvat to pass through the darkness and reach the Sign.
Traveler: The Great Songs of Khvarena?
Nasejuna: They are the mightiest manifestations of the Khvarena scattered throughout the world. We can use the Great Songs to initiate the Rite of Chinvat.
Nasejuna: After that, we can open up a path to the darkness, just as legend holds that the first Vijnanapati Nagarjuna and the Pari did.
Paimon: That's all well and good, but what will we do once we reach the side that the Sign is on?
Nasejuna: I do not know what happens after that. I have encountered legends that our first Vijnanapati Nagarjuna was lifted up to the heavens, where he used divine power to extinguish the sign, but that, I feel, is mere myth.
Nasejuna: I believe that Khvarena's Envoys will have some way. Since they can purify the defiling impurities, they must also have some way to extinguish the Sign.
Nasejuna: Hah, did Sorush not also say that she wishes to imitate the sacrifice of Simurgh? The world is built upon conflict and sacrifice, after all.
Paimon: Well that's what Sorush says, sure, but that's... that's way too irresponsible of you!
Nasejuna: Oh, don't fret. Before the necessity of any sacrifice can be ascertained, we must still bring the Great Songs of Khvarena together. At the moment, we have yet to take even the first step forward.
Paimon: Uh-huh, says the guy who's just been talking this whole time.
Nasejuna: Well... Basically, only the Pari who has been chosen as a Bloomguard can touch the Great Songs.
Nasejuna: But our current Envoy, Lady Sorush, has yet to obtain that right.
Paimon: Is that so? For all that bluster, you really aren't all that, huh, Sorush?
Sorush: You dare speak to me like that, Pale Floater?
Paimon: Well, Paimon isn't a Pale Floater!
Nasejuna: Only by obtaining the Twin-Horned Chaplet may she become the Bloomguard, a being able to gather the power of Khvarena. As such, she must first be acknowledged by Lady Zurvan, the First Pari.
Nasejuna: She is a mighty Pari who once fought alongside our ancestors. It is even said that she was the very Pari who fought alongside the ancient heroes to subdue the embers of the Abyss.
Sorush: But that elder of ours is... utterly unreasonable. She refuses to acknowledge my dearest desire. I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about that.
Sorush: Still, even without the Twin-Horned Chaplet, my sacrifice will suffice to accomplish this deed.
Nasejuna: Of course, I do not intend to doubt your desire to sacrifice yourself this way, but if you are unable to perform the Rite and pass through the dark hollow, your wish will not be fulfilled nonetheless.
Nasejuna: However, I do have a suggestion. Lady Sorush called you her Yasnapati, did she not?
Nasejuna: Why don't you go with her to the Vourukasha Oasis? That is where Lady Zurvan may be found.
Nasejuna: Perhaps Lady Zurvan may yet change her mind should she see that we humans view Lady Sorush as the predestined envoy.
Traveler: And why aren't you going?
Nasejuna: Well, as for me... She would certainly look down on a bookish man like me, considering her many years of experience.
Nasejuna: If she looked upon me, I doubt she would ever change her mind again. Haha!
Nasejuna: This is the only method we have at present to change our current situation, so please, do go with Lady Sorush to the sacred place protected by the Khvarena...
Paimon: Hmph, aren't you a sneaky one? Looks like you're the only person coincidentally out of a job!
Nasejuna: Of course not! There is much I must do. For example... The preparations for the Rite of Chinvat still must be done.
Nasejuna: I must also consult the words of the ancient scribes once more to ascertain the locations of the Great Songs.
Nasejuna: As for the Kory Drum you brought, I believe I may now form a connection once more with the Pari who still remain in slumber.
Nasejuna: Their awakening is necessary for the Rite of Chinvat to occur.
Nasejuna: Regardless, I leave the matter of the Twin-Horned Chaplet to you two. Once everything is complete, let us meet at the campsite upon the Temir Mountains.
Paimon: Oh well. So we have to look for that Pari elder, right? Well, let's hope she isn't as nasty as Sorush is.
Traveler: Well, I am her Yasnapati, after all!
Paimon: *sigh* You're enjoying this, aren't you...
Traveler: Well, we've got a commission to complete.
Traveler: The Rite of Chinvat?
Nasejuna: This is a ritual performed by the Pari that will allow us to open a path through the darkness. It is said that the first Vijnanapati, Nagarjuna, and the Pari did just that.
Nasejuna: But we must first obtain the Great Songs and gather the power of Khvarena in order to initiate the Rite.

## Talk 10

Paimon: Whoa? So this giant snake fella is also sealed here?
Sorush: Yes, but it does not have a "sinful form." Perhaps it was merely unlucky to have been caught in the crossfire and sealed here.
Paimon: Well, maybe it's a good thing it's been sealed here. If not, it might just pop outta the ground and swallow us all in one go!
Traveler: I'll protect you, Paimon.
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon knows that!
Sorush: Hmm, you two certainly look like you get on well.
Paimon: Of course, we're the best of buddies!
Sorush: But is it not also said that even constant companions would fail to notice if the other was spirited away by a sprite? These stories are quite common too, yes?
Paimon: #What are you talking about? Traveler would never do that.
Sorush: Hah, I merely jest. If you are bosom buddies, surely some idle jokes will not move you?
Sorush: Hehe. We shall soon reach the Vourukasha Oasis. Come, let us hurry.
Traveler: I don't think you'd be very good to eat, Paimon.
Paimon: Um, Paimon's not sure how to feel about that.

## Talk 11

Paimon: Whoa. The crystal here looks like...
Paimon: Could this be one of those Wenut that we've seen before? How did it get trapped here?
Sorush: Hmm? So you call these children of an ancient dragon the Wenut?
Sorush: Still, it does not have a "sinful form." Perhaps it was merely unlucky to have been caught in the crossfire and sealed here.
Paimon: Well, maybe it's a good thing it's been sealed here. If not, it might just pop outta the ground and swallow us all in one go!
Traveler: I'll protect you, Paimon.
Traveler: I don't think you'd be very good to eat, Paimon.
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon knows that!
Paimon: Um, Paimon's not sure how to feel about that.
Sorush: Hmm, you two certainly look like you get on well.
Paimon: Of course, we're the best of buddies!
Paimon: Of course, we're the best of buddies!
Sorush: But is it not also said that even constant companions would fail to notice if the other was spirited away by a sprite? These stories are quite common too, yes?
Paimon: #What are you talking about? Traveler would never do that.
Sorush: Hah, I merely jest. If you are bosom buddies, surely some idle jokes will not move you?
Sorush: Hehe. We shall soon reach the Vourukasha Oasis. Come, let us hurry.

## Talk 12

Paimon: Paimon didn't think there'd be such a huge patch of green on the other end of the mountain.
Paimon: We were just in the desert, too. How strange!
Sorush: Impressive, is it not? It is our homeland, after all.
Paimon: The homeland of the Pari? So there'll be lots of other beings like you here, right?
Paimon: Ugh, you know what? Paimon's not all that keen on going...
Sorush: Should you not be excited beyond words?
Paimon: And the big tree stump over there looks like it's holding off the stuff oozing outta that big hole.
Sorush: That is the Harvisptokhm, the sacred form of the god that has granted us Pari life. It is not just some "large stump."
Paimon: That's a god? Well, we've seen other gods, but this is the first time we've seen one looking like that.
Sorush: That is because our go{RUBY#[S]Harvisptokhm}d cannot... be considered alive.
Sorush: Five hundred years ago, our great god gave all to quell the power of the disaster afflicting this place.
Sorush: But she was stained with corruption, and could not be reborn in a purer plane. Thus, her divine consciousness continues to wander the mortal one.
Sorush: Our great god left us with the sanctified Amrita, and the Lord of Verdure caused the Harvisptokhm to grow from that, thus anchoring our god to this realm.
Sorush: The Vourukasha Oasis has been nourished by the Amrita, and even the Khvarena that defends this earth gains its unending power by the grace of the Amrita.
Paimon: But this god of yours doesn't look too well... She's been trying to hold out against the stuff coming out of that hole this entire time.
Sorush: Her power maintains the seal over the dark hollow. I fear that the Sign has emerged here due to being attracted to her power.
Sorush: If it were not for the presence of the Harvisptokhm, the defilement surging forth from that hollow would have infected the entire world... But it is also due to performing this duty that the tree has deteriorated so much.
Sorush: I do not believe that I could ever bear to be reduced to such a state.
Sorush: That is why I must leave a legacy of heroism behind for all to remember before it does happen...
Paimon: Well, never mind that first. Let's go look for this Zurvan person, shall we?
Paimon: If we get that Chaplet and fix the sky real quick, that might make your god feel all better too!

## Talk 13

Zurvan: Well, if it isn't Sorush. Such a rare guest.
Sorush: It has been a while... Elder Zurvan.
Zurvan: Elder? Well, if you call me that, then you should follow Pari norms and cease consorting with those humans whose hearts are heavy with their ulterior motives.
Sorush: I haven't gone against our norms. I have only made contact with humanity to find a way to extinguish the sky-fire, just as the divine bird did.
Zurvan: And is that why you have learned all that claptrap about sacrifice from the humans? We Pari care nothing for such foolishness.
Sorush: Isn't it our duty as Pari to sacrifice ourselves in the battle against the defiling impurity?
Zurvan: Await the call of destiny, Sorush. Only humans rush in blindly.
Sorush: This destiny you speak of is a nebulous thing. I cannot simply be expected to sit and wait for it!
Zurvan: And that is precisely the danger. The Chaplet you seek contains the highest authority over Khvarena. In giving it to you, I may as well be handing the power of Khvarena over to those untrustworthy humans.
Sorush: Can't you just have more faith in me, Elder?
Paimon: Uh, you two... Looks like we're being left out here, aren't we?
Paimon: Also, it seems like Sorush loses that cocky attitude of hers in front of Zurvan, huh? Hehe.
Traveler: She's probably just fond of weird roleplay.
Paimon: And those Skeptics are all too happy to go along with her, huh?
Zurvan: Well then, little ones. You came with Sorush, yes? This is not a place that ordinary humans may visit lightly.
Zurvan: Let me see... Well, you certainly aren't from the Order of Skeptics. You seem to be outlanders, in fact.
Zurvan: Well, in matters of courtesy, I suppose you two shall introduce yourselves first. I don't ask humans for their names often, you know?
Paimon: #Paimon's Paimon, and he's Traveler. We're...
Traveler: Adventurers who shuttle across Teyvat.
Zurvan: Adventurers... So you are travelers, then?
Zurvan: Well now, I do think I have seen a traveler much like you before.
Zurvan: This is the forbidden land of the Pari, the paradise nourished by Amrita, the shrine at which we pay reverence to our great god.
Zurvan: Only heroes who have forged bonds with Pari and pilgrims who have come to genuflect before our god may enter.
Zurvan: I shall take it that you are Sorush's companions, then. Hehe, it has been several hundred years since humans last visited our sea of flowers.
Paimon: That said, aren't there a ton of Skeptics living outside in the desert? Don't they know how to enter this place?
Zurvan: Hah! I shall not permit such discourteous folk to enter our hidden realm.
Zurvan: In the past, we Pari did indeed fight alongside their ancestors. We even lived here together.
Zurvan: But many years have passed, and folly has grown strong amongst them. Even the traditional rites have become utterly forgotten. None living amongst them now can forge a Laupa with a Pari.
Zurvan: They should have been the ones to conduct the Rite of Ab-Zohr for the tree that suppresses the dark hollow, thus cleansing it of the filth that stained it.
Zurvan: Yes, the deterioration of the tree cannot be avoided, but if they had not neglected the Rite and caused the seal to weaken, this terrifying Sign would never have reappeared so soon.
Zurvan: But human tradition is unreliable in this fashion. Compared to them, you outlanders, blank slates as you are, certainly seem more dependable.
Paimon: Paimon's not sure if you're actually praising us or not, but we're here to...
Zurvan: I would guess that you are here about this sign in the sky. I doubt that anyone would notice our little nook if not for this great crisis.
Paimon: Um... Well, we were commissioned to deal with this large hole, yeah.
Zurvan: Oh my, oh my, so it is as I guessed. It seems that even after so long, this short-lived race is as short-sighted as ever.
Zurvan: Still, if it were not that way, would you even need us Pari to act on your behalf?
Paimon: (Ugh, looks like Pari are just pretty nasty as a whole...)
Zurvan: Regardless, since human heroes have again graced our secret garden, it seems the gears of destiny have begun to turn once more.
Zurvan: And you seem to be an interesting human being, too. Ah, that takes me back... Once upon a time, I, too, traveled alongside humans as curious as you to quell a calamity.
Zurvan: Perhaps you really might equal their great deeds... Well then, it's decided. I shall give you a chance.
Zurvan: The two of you certainly seem more trustworthy than those blind and foolish Skeptics.
Sorush: Elder, shouldn't you put your trust in me instead?
Zurvan: Well, as for that... You do know where Rashnu and Mihir are, right? Go bring them here. They should still be enjoying their beauty sleep right now.
Zurvan: This will serve as proof of your trustworthiness, and I will be able to give the Chaplet to you.
Paimon: Oh, Paimon knows! So this is the kind of seal that everyone needs to get together to break, and then we can get the Chaplet, right?
Zurvan: Ah, such impoverished imagination.
Zurvan: The Chaplet can be given to you at any time. But to solve the issue of the Sign of Apaosha, we will need their strength.
Zurvan: Sorush alone will not be able to open the path through the dark hollow, not even with the Chaplet. This, perhaps, is another example of the Rule of Three...
Paimon: Paimon doesn't really know what you're saying, but as long as we can get the Chaplet, it's fine.
Zurvan: #Indeed, Traveler, Paimon. Do help Sorush out, alright?
Sorush: I don't need help...
Paimon: Ahaha, you're not very honest, Sorush. But since your elder's said so, guess you've just gotta listen to us!
Traveler: I am Sorush's Yasnapati.
Zurvan: Her Yasnapati? ... How interesting.
Zurvan: She might have had a little misunderstanding somewhere, though. Haha.
Traveler: Perhaps she has other hidden facets to her person...
Paimon: That's a scary thought!

## Talk 14

Paimon: Missing text (958932018)

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Paimon: Found it, found it! Paimon wonders what it is...
Paimon: Huh? Aw, come on, this is no treasure. It's just some tattered old drum!
Paimon: We don't know what it could be used for, either.
Traveler: If we brought this one back to the Akademiya...
Paimon: That's right, they might want to hear more about something we found in the desert.
Paimon: Paimon's not all that interested in this studying stuff, but if we can make a little this and that off their budget, why not, right?
Paimon: Hmm, hold on. There's a note over there at the side. It might just hold some clues!
Paimon: Let Paimon see... Huh. This seems to have been left by an adventurer.
Paimon: "The Sign of Apaosha"... Uh, Paimon's not super sure what this guy's talking about, but he sure is irresponsible, leaving a commission unfinished just because it's hard!
Paimon: But since that's how things are, let's hand this drum over to Katheryne and let her reassign someone to complete... whatever commission this was.
Traveler: Let's say we brought this back to the Grand Bazaar...
Paimon: Ooh! Maybe the people at the Theater could make use of this. But wouldn't they already have a lot of these instruments there already?
Paimon: But y'know, it's not as if Paimon really knows the difference between drum types or anything.

### Additional Talk 2

Paimon: Found it, found it! Paimon wonders what it is...
Paimon: Huh? Aw, come on, this is no treasure. It's just some tattered old drum!
Paimon: We don't know what it could be used for, either.
Traveler: If we brought this one back to the Akademiya...
Paimon: That's right, they might want to hear more about something we found in the desert.
Paimon: Paimon's not all that interested in this studying stuff, but if we can make a little this and that off their budget, why not, right?
Paimon: Hmm, hold on. There's a note over there at the side. It might just hold some clues!
Paimon: Let Paimon see... Huh. This seems to have been left by an adventurer.
Paimon: "The Sign of Apaosha"... Uh, Paimon's not super sure what this guy's talking about, but he sure is irresponsible, leaving a commission unfinished just because it's hard!
Paimon: But since that's how things are, let's hand this drum over to Katheryne and let her reassign someone to complete... whatever commission this was.

### Additional Talk 3

Nasejuna: Then I shall leave the matter of the Twin-Horned Chaplet to you. I have some leftover work to take care of.
Nasejuna: I believe that all people, no matter who they are, will submit to you and the Envoy's awesome glory.
Nasejuna: When we have each done what we must, let us meet at the campsite upon the Temir Mountains.