# The Culling of the Worms: Introduction

Shriya: ...So why did you order customized rivets? They don't improve performance at all, do they?
Vinayak: ...Riveted armor is a symbol of romance for us Kshahrewar researchers!
Traveler: You guys... have been at it since yesterday?
Vinayak: Ah, you're already here! Not exactly. We actually had the debate about funding yesterday.
Shriya: Hmph... We were actually arguing about something else. But before I knew it, we went right back to arguing about funding...
Traveler: Something else?
Vinayak: I've polished the seams of the components until they are shiny and sparkly, but Shriya's trying to abandon the plan!
Shriya: Abandon!? I just want a temporary pause!
Shriya: Didn't you notice that there's something wrong with the environmental parameters? If we continue with the assembly, the charging efficiency of the device will be much lower than expected.
Shriya: We need to figure out what's going on in this area, eliminate all external influences, then proceed with assembly as planned.
Vinayak: There are plenty of situations where the ideal and actual circumstances don't match. There's no need to be so fussy.
Vinayak: I took the margin of error in consideration when I drafted the blueprint, so it's not a big deal at all.
Vinayak: Besides, sometimes you have to test things out before you can figure out what the problem is.
Shriya: ...Is that why you tested Experimental Device No. 2 until it exploded that other year?
Vinayak: That... that was different! I didn't realize the need to leave room for error back then...
Traveler: ...Is there a safer way to do this?
Vinayak: I'm thinking... Maybe we could first switch off the turret's firing function and just do a simulated experiment of its charging process?
Shriya: ...That won't do, I don't trust your judgment on this. Let's get rid of the turret ignition module, and I'll safeguard it for you. You can install the other components however you please.
Vinayak: Remove the ignition module!? Then the Wenutslayer Cannon will just be one big paperweight!
Shriya: Didn't you say we'd just do an experimental simulation of the charging process? At the end of the day, you're still thinking about firing that cannon!
Vinayak: Uhh...
Traveler: Let's just disable the firing function.
Vinayak: Well, all right... Let's think of it as a "trial assembly."
Shriya: If only you'd have said this earlier... I expect a lot of monsters to be attracted during the installation process. When the moment comes, we'll be counting on you, adventurer.
Traveler: Maybe start by building the framework?