# Why Did a Member of a "Secret Organization" Come Here?

Paimon: Huh? Didn't the Guild say that this was a super-tough quest commissioned by an "organization whose details may not be disclosed"? Why's the client a little kid?
Helka: #Traveler and Paimon, I presume? Nice to meet you both. I'm your client, Helka. I trust you've been informed about the details of this commission?
Helka: In short, I need help gathering information on giant monsters, including combat-related performance data. I look forward to working with you two.
Paimon: Sure! Leave it to us... Hang on a sec, we haven't been introduced — how do you know who we are?
Helka: Considering the difficulty of this commission, the Adventurers' Guild was likely to pass this task on to seasoned adventurers with commensurate experience.
Helka: And considering that duos consisting of a "golden-haired traveler and little white guide" are rare amongst these more famous candidates...
Paimon: Ohh, so that's it. You might look like a kid, but you sure know a lot. You even talk kinda like an old...
Traveler: *cough* A more composed sort of kid.
Paimon: Ah, yeah, that! Anyway, are you really our client? Also, this "organization whose details may not be disclosed" thing is kinda...
Helka: I was indeed the one who issued that commission, and as for the "organization"... Well, Katya taught me to say that.
Helka: Though I'm reluctant to admit this, an institution with murky origins is more likely to be taken seriously by the Guild than some child with no background to speak of.
Helka: But the organization's existence, at least, is no lie. I am a part of it.
Helka: I just told them what I thought they should know. As for what information they got from parsing my words... That's up to their imagination.
Traveler: Is this the sort of organization that occasionally throws parties?
Paimon: Huh, so it's the kind of "secret organization" that has get-togethers with food... Wait, isn't that just a normal friends' club!?
Helka: That's right. I made an agreement with Maisie before I left that I wouldn't lie or cheat others, or do anything dangerous. I succeeded in both.
Helka: Even when telling the truth, one can phrase things in a manner more advantageous to oneself — and with strong enough backing, even dangerous spaces can be made safe.
Paimon: Are... are you sure that's how it works?
Helka: Of course I am. If you're both ready, then, let us set off.
Traveler: Wow, so it's a "secret club."