# Missing title (1841739871)

Amber: Meow, meow meow—meooooow~~
Bunny: Meow! Meow meow meow!
Paimon: Hmmm... Both Bunny and Amber have a point...
Paimon: Oh, so that's it...
Traveler: A most astute observation.
Paimon: Actually, Paimon doesn't really get it either, but she can tell that Amber and Bunny have reached an understanding!
Amber: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon! You're here! I was just thinking about going to look for you!
Amber: I've already heard all about how you're helping Valerina with the Furball Fortress!
Amber: #That's {NICKNAME} and Paimon for you! The second you're back in Mondstadt, you're already being such a huge help!
Traveler: I, the Honorary Knight, will fulfill my mission, no matter its nature.
Paimon: Speaking of which, what were you and Bunny discussing just now? You seemed to be having a really fun conversation.
Bunny: Meow, meow meow?
Amber: Oh! I was just asking Bunny about the weather, and whether or not it would rain.
Paimon: Huh? Do cats know that kind of thing?
Amber: Hehe, Lisa said something about that!
Amber: According to a book she read, cats are very sensitive to humidity, and don't like the feeling of being wet.
Amber: So, if they notice a sudden increase in the humidity, they'll start nervously pawing their faces and licking their fur.
Amber: Once a cat does something like that, it's a sign that a large rainstorm is likely on its way.
Paimon: Whoa, Paimon had no idea, that's so cool! Guess we just learned something amazing by accident!
Paimon: #In that case, {NICKNAME}, let's pay more attention to cats during our travels! That way, we won't... keep getting soaked by huge downpours from those big black clouds!
Traveler: I suppose we'll have to pay more attention going forward.
Amber: I originally came here to ask Valerina about something.
Amber: But just as I was talking to her, this little kitty snuggled up close to me and yawned so loudly! It was just too cute!
Amber: Since she was so affectionate towards me, then... Well, then I need to show how friendly I am, too!
Amber: That's when I remembered what Lisa told me, so I went ahead and asked Bunny about the weather.
Amber: But she responded by rubbing her face, then wagging her tail, then lying on the ground snuggling against my hand...
Amber: *sigh* So is it actually going to rain or not over the next few days...?
Traveler: Since when haven't I paid close attention to cute kitties?
Traveler: The defense of the cats of Mondstadt is one of my many responsibilities.
Traveler: Hold on, I'm a bit lost.