# An Honest Promotion

Paimon: #Y'know, {NICKNAME}, Paimon can see that the commissions have been pretty taxing lately.
Paimon: As a thoughtful, capable guide, Paimon's duty is to help you relax, so... Ta-da! Guess where this is?
Traveler: Well, it says "Damoville Purveyor" on the sign right here.
Traveler: Ah, the abode of Mora thieves, the graveyard of wallets.
Boucicaut: Hello there. Welcome to Damoville Purveyor.
Boucicaut: Dear me, dear customer, do not speak such inaccuracies. Damoville Purveyor is committed wholly to affordability and quality. You may survey our prices should you wish.
Paimon: This is no ordinary store. This is a place where hardworking laborers relax via spending money.
Boucicaut: Indeed, indeed! In fact, we have recently launched a buy one get one free promotion, with all customers welcome to take part!
Boucicaut: My loss if you buy, your loss if you don't!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon saw the event poster when we passed by before. That's how she remembered it.
Paimon: Double the goods for every purchase sounds like a great deal, no matter how you slice it!
Paimon: It always feels like there's something missing in Paimon's day if she doesn't spend some Mora here... So today, we're coming here together to fill that gap!
Traveler: And what would you like to buy, Paimon?
Traveler: And how shall this yawning void be filled, Paimon?
Paimon: Hehe, not telling you just yet.
Traveler: Payment might get tricky that way.
Paimon: Nah, don't worry. Paimon brought her own Mora today.
Paimon: #Boss, has the order arrived yet? It's under "Paimon and {NICKNAME}."
Boucicaut: We do have your package. One moment...
Black Screen Text: Boucicaut the shopkeeper retrieves something over-packaged beyond identification. Beside you, Paimon fishes out a large pile of pocket money. You detect a hint of sadness on her face as she parts with this sizable sum.
Black Screen Text: After you unwrap the package together, you realize that it contains two photo albums.
Paimon: Hehe, finally! Paimon's been waiting ages to get these!
Paimon: We've taken so many pictures so far, and now we've got a spot to put them!
Traveler: I don't usually see you use a Kamera?
Paimon: Hehe, that doesn't mean Paimon hasn't ever whipped it out! She's taken quite a few pictures of you while you weren't looking, in fact!
Traveler: Huh. Y'know, I'd like to see 'em now...
Traveler: Ooh, let me see!
Paimon: Not right now! Paimon's gotta take a whole album's worth first.
Traveler: Nyeh, so petty.
Traveler: Paimon's a meanie.
Paimon: Pfft, phooey! Anyway, take this photo album, would'ja?
Paimon: This one's a little thin, but it can fit a whole bunch of photos anyway.
Paimon: We've been to so many places and taken many photos for others, but not really for ourselves.
Paimon: Paimon thought it'd be nice if we could keep a few more memories for ourselves, so she bought these two albums.
Paimon: So this is a gift?
Paimon: That's right. It was a buy one get one free deal, so it's one for each of us. Paimon had it all figured out even when she was ordering.
Paimon: You've gotta start using it right away, alright? You can take pictures of places we've been to, maybe relive some past memories as well.
Paimon: By the way, wanna use Paimon's Kamera to take some photos? You've never used it before, right?
Paimon: It took a lot of effort to custom-order this from a department store, so it'd be a shame if we didn't use it more often.
Traveler: Sure, I'll give it a go.
Traveler: Thanks, Paimon.
Paimon: Hehe, as long as you like it! This is what a good guide should do, after all.
Paimon: C'mon! Let's go take some photos!