# Missing title (1023305359)

Cassiodor (████): Imperator, Imperator, are you alright? Are you dreaming again?
Traveler: Ugh, so noisy. What's going on...
Cassiodor (████): The people have gathered in your great hall. I believe they have questions for you, Imperator.
Cassiodor (████): Recently, the melody of Phobos has been interrupted many times, and so they have many concerns regarding this.
Traveler: I have no choice but to do this...
Cassiodor (████): I trust your wise judgment, naturally, and I have heard something of the recent happenings... Is something wrong with Phobos?
Cassiodor (████): Phobos has planned routes for everyone, such that humanity as a whole can attain happiness. There should be no issues, not when we have the aid of Sybilla's nearly limitless powers of calculation...
Traveler: But I heard cries of sorrow within the music.
Cassiodor (████): Did someone secretly alter the musical score of Phobos? No, none can do that except myself and the other Harmosts...
Cassiodor (████): Could it be that the prophet had hidden something from us? Impossible. Has she not already sacrificed her very life for the cause? The veracity of her prophecy has been validated by the Mistress of Waters. She would have harbored no such selfish designs...
Traveler: Or perhaps it is precisely because "she" had no desires of her own...
Cassiodor (████): Today, all people rely on Phobos to make judgments and decisions for them. If something were to go wrong with it, the citizens fear that all would descend into chaos...
Traveler: I need you to go to where those who cling to blind faith are...
Cassiodor (████): Is that to say you wish to separate my melody from the Grand Symphony as a contingency against mishaps?
Cassiodor (████): No, no, it is still too early. I fear my soul is still unable to withstand such great fate...
Traveler: I believe in you.
Cassiodor (████): ...I understand. I have resolved myself. If this is your wish, Imperator, I shall see it done.
Traveler: Ouranopolis, the city of the future...
Boethius (████): After ████ has departed, you pass through golden corridors, and the sounds of people in debate grow closer.
The area grows quiet, but only by a little, when you reach the central podium of the main hall.
Boethius (████): O Great Sebastos, please, give us your instructions...
Boethius (████): Many have been unable to hear the Phobos's melody as of late. The people are frightened, Imperator, frightened and confused.
Boethius (████): Our grand plan was proceeding as normal. The barbarians skulking in the shadows were being eliminated one by one, and the polluted waters were cleansed by Ichor.
Boethius (████): Yet, my Imperator, you plan to call a halt to our noble war without cause or reason. Why have you done this?
Traveler: I exercised my own judgment in the matter.
Boethius (████): Great Sebastos, I do not mean to challenge your authority, but I believe that you have shown them sufficient mercy already.
Boethius (████): We have brought glorious harmony to the land. The gates of Remuria are open to all who wish to join in our golden order.
Boethius (████): But what have they done? They have destroyed our towers and slaughtered our musicians. Their blighted souls are unworthy of any salvation!
Boethius (████): We cleanse their barbarous lands with blood, and order and civilization shall sprout after the destruction. For such ignorant savages, this is the highest mercy that can be granted them.
Traveler: That is not what I want...
Boethius (████): But there should not be even a sliver of shadow under the sun. Is that not also your great ideal?
Boethius (████): If I may, Imperator, I believe that this is the wish of all citizens of Remuria.
Boethius (████): Sebastos, please, give the order!
Traveler: Call yourself by this new name.
Traveler: But from now on, you shall no longer be part of "we"...
Traveler: For this reason, I must grant you free will.