# Crisis Relieved! A Happy Memento!

Klee: Hehe, Dodoco defeated lots of bad Spikey Fish Warriors! Even the Spikey Fish King was no match!
Klee: Dodoco, Jumpy Dumpty, and Klee's Sparks 'n' Splash are the best!
Traveler: Truly unstoppable!
Paimon: This game reminds Paimon of the incident happening in Cider Lake... Did Lisa base its theme on that?
Paimon: But come to think of it, why go to the trouble of finding the invading species when they could just ask Klee to blow up every suspicious fish?
Paimon: They could even give us some bombs and let us handle this!
Traveler: You and Klee are like two peas in a pod.
Lisa: Well well, from the looks on your faces, it seems like you're having fun.
Klee: It's Lisa!
Paimon: You're here!
Paimon: We loved playing Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure! What a fun game you designed!
Lisa: Thanks for playing, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Hmm, perhaps I should come up with some new updates?
Klee: Oooh, yay! Klee wants to see Dodoco going on adventures in all kinds of places!
Klee: No, wait... You must've spent a looong time working on the game, it must be exhausting! We shouldn't make Lisa work too hard...
Lisa: Aw, thank you for being so considerate.
Lisa: But if it helps keep you happy while you stay inside the city, I'll be more than happy to spend as much time as needed.
Lisa: Of course, I understand that you prefer going on your own adventures whenever you like. The game is just meant to be a new way to pass the time.
Lisa: Anyway, I have some great news, and I've also brought a gift for you, cuties.
Klee: A gift!
Klee: #Actually, I have a gift for Mr. Honorary Knight and Paimon, too!
Lisa: We'll get to the gifts in a moment, let me tell you the news first.
Traveler: Is the incident in Cider Lake resolved?
Lisa: That's right. Two Knights from the Investigation Team found the invasive species' nest and swiftly disposed of it.
Lisa: The Knights have also determined the cause of their invasion.
Lisa: The species were accidentally introduced to the lake by a merchant without any malicious intent, so the Knights let her go after some lecturing and issuing a fine.
Paimon: Phew... Luckily they didn't cause too much trouble. But even Paimon thinks that merchant was way too careless!
Traveler: The water in Cider Lake is safe!
Klee: Is it time for gifts yet? Can Klee go first?
Lisa: Of course.
Lisa: Klee's been returning home on time every day without being reminded by anyone, so I've been wondering what you're up to lately...
Klee: Hehe~
Klee: When I was home at night, I looked through Albedo's crafting book and learned to make this!
Klee: Tada!
Paimon: Whoa, it's Dodoco throwing a Jumpy Dumpty!
Klee: Yep! I made a figure that looks like the Dodoco from Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure!
Klee: Even though I can't make it throw real bombs...
Klee: I hope it'll remind you of the fun we had together and blast away your troubles and boredom!
Paimon: A big Dodoco toy! Paimon loves surprises like this!
Paimon: With this, it'll feel like we're adventuring with Klee and Dodoco wherever we go!
Traveler: Thank you for the creative and thoughtful gift, Klee!
Klee: Hehe, I'm so happy you like my gift! I worked super hard on it!
Klee: What's your gift, Lisa? I wanna see!
Lisa: Well, I'm afraid my gift is a lot less creative than yours.
Lisa: It's a storybook about Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventures—
Klee: An adventure story! Yay!
Paimon: Wow, a whole storybook!
Lisa: The little cuties returned to Mondstadt and joined Klee on an adventure with Dodoco!
Lisa: Together they defeated the bad Spikey Fish Warriors and then enjoyed an afternoon tea...
Lisa: A most fitting way to end Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure.
Paimon: Did you plan out the whole story while designing the game?
Lisa: No. As the protagonists of the story, you, little cutie, and Klee all played an important part in bringing the story to life.
Lisa: I've left a blank spot in the book specially for illustrations...
Lisa: But I just thought of an even better idea — since we're all here on this special occasion, why don't I take a photo of you together?
Paimon: Sure! We got to see our friends and play games together, that's definitely worth celebrating!
Traveler: Let's take a group photo!
Klee: #C'mon then, Mr. Honorary Knight and Paimon! Ready, Lisa?
Klee: Klee had so much fun today! Three, two, one... Dodoco!
Traveler: You gotta treasure the small joys in life!
Traveler: Dodoco will come with us on all our adventures from now on!
Traveler: Mondstadt's wine industry is safe!
Traveler: Can Klee play outside again?
Traveler: Nope, no bombs for Paimon.
Traveler: Take that, bad fish!