# Complex Cartography

Peixiu: Geez, I'll have to trouble Lan again... But it's not like I have a choice. There's simply too much work, and I'm only one person. How am I supposed to finish?
Peixiu: I have no choice but to delay the mapping submission again. If this goes on, my living expenses here in Sumeru will exceed the deposit for the commission...
Peixiu: B-But there's nothing more terrifying than Lan's rage... *sigh*...
Paimon: Huh? What's an adventurer from Liyue doing over here...?
Paimon: Hey! You! From the Adventurers' Guild!
Peixiu: Huh? What's wrong? Am I not allowed to rest by the river here?
Paimon: No, no! Paimon's just curious...
Traveler: An adventurer from Liyue in Sumeru...
Paimon: It's really rare! And you even look super anxious, so we came over to ask if we could help!
Peixiu: I see. I'm Peixiu, and you are?
Paimon: #Paimon is Paimon, and this is {NICKNAME}! So, Peixiu, what are you doing here in Sumeru...? Ah! Paimon knows! Did you get lost!?
Peixiu: Ahahahaha! So the cute little one is Paimon! Hahaha, lost...
Paimon: What's so funny!?
Traveler: It's barely funny.
Peixiu: ...Under most circumstances, no, it wouldn't be funny. But asking a cartographer if he's lost is quite amusing.
Paimon: C-Cartographer?
Peixiu: Yes, we are responsible for surveying the landscape and updating older maps... It's one of the Adventurers' Guild's duties.
Peixiu: I am one such cartographer, but...
Paimon: But?
Peixiu: I'm just an apprentice. I've completed some rough sketches, but there are tons of mistakes. I need to get to a shaded valley or tunnel to carry out a detailed survey.
Peixiu: Ugh, this is killing me. The terrain here in Sumeru is so complex, and there are so many roads and caves too. Sometimes, I wonder if the entire mountain is hollow...
Peixiu: Progress is just way too slow... *sigh* I don't know the terrain as well as the locals do.
Paimon: Huh? Then why don't you get a local adventurer to do it?
Peixiu: Er, it's actually a joint project between the Sumeru and Liyue branches of the Adventurers' Guild, and a completed map will be provided to those who trade or venture between the two.
Peixiu: It was entrusted to the Liyue branch because the Adventurer who was supposed to be in charge had cartographic experience, and her reputation is that of absolute reliability.
Peixiu: Supposedly, she already did something similar in Qiaoying Village. All it took was a single glance for her to know all the terrain inside and out, and her maps were very precise too.
Peixiu: But she left for some mining area. Uh, did she go to the Chasm or Blackcliff Forge...
Peixiu: Anyway, once we laid eyes on her map, we all felt ashamed of our own skills. The adventurers who used her map praised it to the skies!
Peixiu: I can't compete with that... I may have drawn a map, but there are too many omissions, and surveying everything again will take too long...
Peixiu: *sigh* I'm a stranger in a strange land. I may have the support of Sumeru's Adventurers' Guild, but I'm just not efficient enough. If this goes on much longer, the deposit I received won't even be able to cover my travel expenses.
Paimon: Ugh, that sounds awful.
Paimon: We don't really know much about cartography though... Maybe Paimon can help mark where you can find delicious food on your map instead?
Peixiu: Haha! That's a great idea! A map showing all the best local cuisine would definitely be popular!
Peixiu: But... well, my remaining work doesn't really require drawing the map. What's left is a final survey to verify the map's accuracy...
Peixiu: There are a few dangerous locations surrounded by difficult terrain that I haven't been able to get to.
Paimon: Oh, if that's all...
Traveler: That doesn't sound very difficult...
Paimon: Yeah, maybe we can help!
Peixiu: But most of these locations are really dangerous! There may even be monsters roaming around.
Paimon: That's exactly why you should leave it to us!
Peixiu: R-Really...? With your help, it feels like I'll be done in no time! I may even make the deadline...
Peixiu: Most importantly, supplying travelers with an updated map will help prevent them from getting led somewhere deserted or dangerous by the old map!
Paimon: Sounds great! Hehe, but we'll only help you on one condition! And that is that you have to mail us a copy of your food map once you're done making it!
Peixiu: Hahaha! But of course! However, this map has to be verified before any of that can happen! It's all up to you now!
Traveler: A three out of five...