# Scenes from Life in Meropide: Memories

Clynes: We meet again. I made a bet with myself on whether it would be you who came.
Traveler: So, did you win or lose?
Clynes: Heh, I won, and I lost too.
Paimon: Why would you do that using a loudspeaker? Wouldn't you be in trouble if Galvaryet caught you? Aren't you terrified of her?
Clynes: Terrified of her? Why would I be? It's just a bit annoying when she catches you. But she spends most of her time in the administrative area. She doesn't get involved with issues in the production zone unless there's good reason to.
Clynes: As for why I use a loudspeaker for things like this, naturally it's because it's way too boring here.
Clynes: I think I get Teilhard now. He must be bored out of his mind, so he's always trying to find ways to entertain himself. In that sense, I'm just copying him.
Clynes: You've got a friend like him, right? One who's always full of crazy ideas, sometimes making a ridiculous mess of things.
Traveler: Naturally.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't get you at all! If you think it's boring here and have a friend like that, why don't you just leave the Fortress of Meropide? Or are you actually guilty of some really serious crimes...?
Clynes: I can leave any time I want. I choose to stay of my own volition.
Clynes: It's much better in here than out there. Nothing to worry about, life is stable, and no need to ponder complicated questions.
Clynes: I really envy that Lanoire girl. If I were her, I'd choose to never leave here. I'd rather be ignorant of the world outside.
Traveler: That's because you've already seen the outside world.
Clynes: You're right there. You can't make a judgment without having seen the evidence.
Paimon: But wouldn't it mean you won't see any friends if you stay here? Unless they come down as well...
Clynes: Good news: That's not a problem for me. Bad news: It's not a problem because all my friends are gone.
Clynes: *sigh* I'm just not good with topics like this.
Clynes: When they were still around, life wasn't bad. Even though our research field wasn't particularly hot, and getting funding approved was next to impossible.
Clynes: But then the accidents and misfortune started piling up. Butor passed away due to illness, the Central Laboratory blew up, and Teilhard perished in the blast.
Clynes: And the one who got fired... Never mind, I won't mention him.
Clynes: Anyway, there was absolutely nothing I could do about any of it. But life in the Fortress is simple, and any problems that crop up are easy to deal with.
Clynes: Even if something major does happen, it's not like I'm the one that'll have to deal with it. So, I'm quite content with my life now. It's just that I'd like to have someone to reminisce with now and then.
Traveler: Understandable.
Clynes: Though it was nice chatting with you today, so thank you. Let me give you these Coupons. You can think of it as a free round on me next time you're in the Rag and Bone Shop.
Clynes: #Cheers, {M#Mister}{F#Miss}, and the little lady too. Smile, and may you have a wonderful day.
Traveler: I respect your decision.
Traveler: You shouldn't judge others so casually.
Clynes: Yeah, true enough. Heh, now that you mention it, I don't know her well at all, so who knows what she thinks.
Traveler: Nope.
Traveler: Why would you bet with yourself?
Clynes: Good question, but an easy one to answer... It's because nobody here was willing to make such a boring wager with me.