# The Culling of the Worms: Conclusion

Vinayak: ...So as far as the conclusion is concerned, we've made a convincing case for using the Wenutslayer Cannon to get rid of the Wenut, right?
Shriya: That's different! Don't give me that "told you so" look!
Traveler: Here we go again...
Shriya: #Ah, {M#Mr.}{F#Ms.} Adventurer! Listen to me! I've found out what the cause is!
Shriya: The frequent activity of the Wenut underground had caused a disturbance in the Elemental Energy in this region.
Shriya: This Energy, in turn, affects the behavior of the Wenut, causing them to start running amok on the surface, further exacerbating the environmental imbalance.
Shriya: The abnormality in the charging device's efficiency was also due to the disturbance of Elemental Energy in the environment.
Vinayak: I knew the machine that I designed would never break down so easily!
Paimon: If you don't consider the surrounding environment, wouldn't that be a design problem?
Traveler: And since the cause is overactive Wenut...
Vinayak: So, after going around in several circles, we're back to where we started?
Shriya: Knowing what to do and knowing why you should do it are two different things. As a researcher, you couldn't even grasp that? And that isn't even the end of it.
Shriya: Normally, nature sets limits on the ecology and behavior of populations to keep the environment stable.
Shriya: The chaotic Elemental Energy disrupts this balance, which makes the Wenut extremely active...
Shriya: As long as we can find a way to return the elemental environment to its normal state, we can reduce Wenut activity. After a while, the balance should restore itself.
Paimon: Redirect the flow of Elemental Energy? But how do we do that?
Shriya: Well, as long as we figure out where the strongest concentration of Elemental Energy is, we'll be able to direct the flow of that energy with a device...
Shriya: ...We unclog the flow of energy, and nature should take care of the rest.
Shriya: I've already calculated the location of the node. It's somewhere around here. As for a device that can redirect the flow of the energy, we already have one...
Traveler: You mean the Wenutslayer Cannon?
Shriya: Precisely. The Wenutslayer Cannon can channel the surrounding Elemental Energy before discharging it all in one go.
Shriya: Next, we just have to set up the Wenutslayer Cannon and go through the same process as yesterday.
Shriya: There may also be monsters and Wenut that will be drawn to the weapon during this time... Heh... perhaps a small reduction in their numbers would help expedite the natural balance.
Vinayak: ...So as far as the conclusion is concerned, we still have to use the Wenutslayer Cannon to shoot at monsters, right?
Shriya: Ugh! Don't give me that "told you so" look!
Traveler: Is the solution to just keep fighting more Wenut?
Traveler: What are you squabbling about this time?