# Missing title (2191281391)

Pyrrho: Well, why are you back? Did you get the door slammed on you by our great Vijnanapati? I'll have you know that he doesn't compromise so easily with the Pari.
Pyrrho: You should just leave. And don't even think of getting anything more from me!
Paimon: Pfft! You spilled the beans without our help every time, though!
Traveler: So, about your Vijnanapati...
Black Screen Text: You tell Pyrrho of the Great Songs and Nasejuna's betrayal.
Pyrrho: Nonsense. Utter nonsense! Our Vijnanapati is the most scholarly man I know. He would not band together with those defiled beings!
Pyrrho: I'll bet you're just trying to mask your failure by sowing dissent.
Pyrrho: Nice try, but your story's way out there. No way I'd fall for that!
Paimon: Ugh... C'mon, we gotta think. Don't we have those notes that Nasejuna gave us?
Paimon: It should still have Nasejuna's notes. Pyrrho should believe us if we give those to him!
Pyrrho: What notes are these? You really love those tricks of yours, don't you?
Black Screen Text: You give Rene's Investigation Notes to Pyrrho.
Pyrrho: This... This is indeed the great Vijnanapati's handwriting...
Pyrrho: It truly was a once-in-a-lifetime thing that we gained such a knowledgeable leader, and yet he turned his back on our duties and threw his lot with the followers of the dark hollow...
Pyrrho: *sigh* You may not know this, but we have struggled against the followers of the dark hollow for hundreds of years.
Pyrrho: You could say that they are akin to our shadow, always attempting to taint our heritage. I have no doubt that the fall of our order to its present state cannot be separated from their plots.
Pyrrho: But I never thought that this time, even our leader would be... Ah, a plague upon our house, this is!
Pyrrho: No doubt Nasejuna has gone with those impure villains and now skulks with them in the shadows.
Pyrrho: In the past, he followed Elder Aryadeva to the Akademiya, and upon returning, he was absorbed with those ancient documents.
Pyrrho: We were people who emphasized praxis, and we found ourselves without a scholar like him for many years. I had thought that he would lead us to reform, but...
Traveler: Honestly, we didn't see that one coming either.
Pyrrho: But since this is how things have played out, I must handle that which remains to be done.
Pyrrho: Our first priority is to appoint a new Vijnanapati. Things would go ill if someone takes advantage of this vacuum.
Paimon: Well, Paimon's really not sure if you have much of a vacuum worth sneaking into now...
Pyrrho: Indeed, and I am ashamed of it. As penance, allow me to give you these documents that Nasejuna left in my keeping. They record the various traditions of our Order.
Pyrrho: Although I have not been able to understand it, I believe it might be of interest to you, so please, take it.
Pyrrho: And if you should have any trouble in the future, just seek me out, and I will lend you my aid.
Traveler: This wasn't your fault.
Traveler: Well, you say he's different, but...