# Crocs? Water Cannons? It's War!

Chatillon: I never imagined that you two would follow the sound of the broadcast here, especially after being warned!
Chatillon: Pardon me, but this attraction isn't officially open to the public yet. Please wait a few minutes for me to make some final adjustments...
Traveler: What are you planning?
Paimon: Paimon heard words that sounded super scary! Water cannons! Must be that huge thing over there...
Paimon: Whoa, it's scary just to look at!
Paimon: Just what are you trying to do here!? We won't let you get away with it!
Chatillon: No, no, you misunderstand!
Chatillon: I'm Chatillon, head of project "Spino Blaster"! This project simulates naval battles, but much more fun and casual!
Chatillon: "Spino Blaster" is approved by Lady Idyia, so you know it's safe!
Chatillon: If you wish to verify the truth of that, please see this document signed by Lady Idyia herself.
Black Screen Text: The suspicious engineer offers proof in the form of official documents written in obtuse legalese, all with Idyia's distinct signature.\nThe margins even contain a few remarks and well-wishes from Idyia in her inimitable style...
Paimon: So it's a project approved by Idyia... you scared us half to death!
Paimon: So, what's the deal with the water cannons?
Chatillon: That's just a simplified nickname! Its full name is so long that I'm pretty sure most people would go for something shorter based on its appearance.
Chatillon: Anyway, its water bullets are completely harmless! At most, they might soak the guests standing near their target.
Chatillon: Some guests enjoy the sudden coolness from being splashed, but some hate how their clothes stick to their body afterward, and we don't want anyone to have a bad experience!
Chatillon: So if possible, I would like to post warning signs around the area.
Paimon: Paimon didn't think you were so considerate, that's a great idea!
Traveler: Now I'm curious...
Chatillon: It's called the Crocomorph Vortex-Based Crocodilian-Armored Heavy Naval Battleship-Style Recreational Water Blasting Cannon! The name accurately reflects both the appearance and its underlying principles!
Paimon: Wow, you weren't kidding! Paimon can't even repeat it, much less understand it...
Paimon: But just calling it a water cannon kinda misses the point, right? Why not call it a Crococannon?
Chatillon: The... the alliteration...
Chatillon: That's perfect! Simple and easy to remember, yet it captures the sound of shells whizzing by your eyes in a simulated naval battle! I love it!
Chatillon: Crococannon, fire away!
Paimon: Crococannon bubbleball away!
Traveler: Are you serious?
Chatillon: After all, not only do we have great chemistry, but you'll get to enjoy the one-of-a-kind fun!
Chatillon: Say, how about you two be the first to try out "Spino Blaster"?
Chatillon: The rules are simple. Adjust the Crococannon and hit balloon targets with bubbleballs to earn points! When you earn a high enough score, you can win prizes!
Paimon: Well, after all this hype, Paimon kinda does want to see what it's like to use a Crococannon!
Traveler: All right, count me in!
Chatillon: Perfect! Let me finish a few final adjustments, and then you can get started!
Chatillon: Enjoy yourselves!
Traveler: Crococannon, open fi— water!
Traveler: Paimon doesn't like being made fun of...
Traveler: What's its full name?
Traveler: Stop it, now!