# Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go


## Talk 1

Paimon: Hey Xiangling, we're here!
Xiangling: Traveler, Paimon! Did you hear the news? I made it through the selections for Masterful Chefs!
Paimon: Really!? Woohoo, that's great!
Traveler: I knew you could do it.
Xiangling: Hee-hee, it was a total breeze, I wasn't even trying... Uh, but a true champion never rests on their laurels! I'm still gonna need your help to prepare for the competition.
Xiangling: I made a few new test dishes and I was hoping everyone could try them and give some feedback. Traveler, you wanna be the first?
Traveler: What a shame, we just ate.
Paimon: Uh... oh, yeah, we did! And anyway, we get to eat your food all the time, so we're biased. You should find some other people this time, just to play it safe.
Xiangling: Good idea! Okay lemme think, mmm... Ah, let's get Beidou to try it first.
Paimon: Beidou! Yup, you can definitely trust her opinion! Let's go find her.
Xiangling: Right now, she should be down at the docks. Lemme box up this food real quick, then we can head on down.
Traveler: You're in a league of your own, Xiangling.

## Talk 2

Paimon: Beidou ahoy! Hey look, who's she with?
Xiangling: Hi Beidou, hi Xinyan. Are we interrupting anything?
Beidou: Xiangling? The woman of the hour, we were just talking about you.
Xinyan: Beidou was sayin' you and I should get ourselves on board some time. Says the whole crew's been asking for us, haha!
Paimon: Seems like you three go way back.
Xiangling: Oh, we really do! Beidou and Xinyan are two of my oldest customers, and I've helped out in the kitchen on board Beidou's ship in the past. Recently, Xinyan's been planning to do a show aboard, too!
Xinyan: That's the plan, good music's meant for sharing! You guys should check it out sometime!
Xiangling: Will do! But I came here today because I made it into the Masterful Chefs finals, and I was just trying out some new dishes to bring to the competition. Can you have a little taste and gimme some feedback?
Beidou: Sure, beats drinking on an empty stomach.
Xinyan: 'Bout time, I'm starvin' over here! Let's see what you got.
Xinyan: Aw man! This Chicken Foo Yung is tasting awesome!
Beidou: This food is too good for me to be soaking up the alcohol with, haha.
Paimon: These three seem to have a great time with each other.
Traveler: Those are the kinds of friends you want in life.
Beidou: Only thing is, you've got three dishes here, Chicken Foo Yung, Come and Get It, and Crystal Shrimp, and they all taste kinda refreshing.
Paimon: Uh... is refreshing really a flavor?
Beidou: When you spend all your time at sea, you don't have a lot of choice when it comes to food. Especially on the longer voyages, where you've gotta stretch your rations out as far as you can.
Beidou: The first thing you wanna do when you get back on dry land is dig into a nice hot meal that's swimming in oil and has a ton of flavor.
Paimon: That's the exact opposite of Ningguang's tastes!
Xinyan: Sure is! Beidou's tastes are pretty similar to mine and Xiangling's.
Beidou: Ugh, Ningguang... I am sick of hearing that name.
Beidou: Our tastes couldn't be more different. You'll never find us eating the same bowl of food.
Paimon: But last time when you were chatting with her, Paimon thought you two seemed to get along just fine.
Beidou: We're evenly matched. Guess that makes us equals. But I'm sorry, limp cabbage leaves are never gonna do it for me.
Xinyan: I hear ya, I hear ya! Steamed Cabbage in Broth might be upper class and look fancy and all, but man, is it boring! It's never gonna give you that flavor explosion you get with some of the other dishes out there.
Xiangling: So, Xinyan, are these dishes too mild for you, too?
Xiangling: Not so much mild... I just think you maybe missed a beat somewhere.
Beidou: Exactly. This is some fine cooking, no question about that. But if this is for a competition, it needs more oomph.
Paimon: Beat? Oomph? Are we sure these terms apply to cooking?
Xiangling: Beat... and oomph...
Xinyan: Beat, yeah. You know what a beat is. I only know music though, I'm nowhere near your level when it comes to cooking. So don't mind me if it doesn't make much sense!
Xiangling: No, no, you're both completely right. Beat and oomph! That's what I need!
Xiangling: I actually thought as much while I was cooking them, even though this was a brand-new combination, it still felt like I was missing that one thing that'll seal the deal... y'know, really push it over the finish line!
Paimon: Seems like she's found her muse. Does that mean... music theory is compatible with cooking?
Traveler: Every bit as compatible as we are.
Paimon: Hey! ...Paimon didn't quite get the implication, but Paimon can tell when you're being a meanie!
Xiangling: Okay, I think I know what I need to do.
Paimon: Great! So this went really well!
Xinyan: Don't hold back, just get out there and do your thing! You're a pro, Xiangling, and you've totally got this. Hands down, best chef in Liyue Harbor! Ain't that right, Beidou?
Beidou: Well, I think so, anyway. More than any other chef. And there ain't a whole lot of people that I'd be willing to say that about.
Xiangling: Hee-hee, I'll do my best! Thanks, everyone!
Beidou: Alright, we'll leave you to it. I'm gonna take Xinyan on board for a while.
Paimon: Xiangling, they both had pretty strong tastes. You sure that won't be a problem? Shouldn't we get a second opinion from someone with milder tastes?
Xiangling: That's a good point. Beidou likes her greasy stir-fries, and Xinyan can really handle her spice... Yeah, we should get another opinion.
Paimon: Now, who do we know whose tastes are on the mild side? Traveler, any suggestions?
Traveler: A certain person comes to mind again...
Paimon: Who, who, who?
Traveler: You know, Almond Tofu...
Paimon: Oh, right! Makes sense. So, back to Wangshu Inn?
Xiangling: Who? Who is it?
Paimon: Someone you just missed last time we were there!
Traveler: We don't need to go to Wangshu Inn.
Paimon: ....Huh?
Paimon: Oh! Paimon remembers! He said that we just need to speak his name, and poof, he'll show up.
Paimon: Um... will he definitely hear us saying his name though? Maybe we should find somewhere quieter.
Traveler: We can do it right here.
Traveler: Yep, I've thought of someone with mild tastes.

## Talk 3

Paimon: Okay, let's take turns shouting his name!
Xiangling: Huh? Do I need to do this, too?
Paimon: Paimon's going first! *clears throat*
Paimon: Xiaaaao!!!
Xiangling: Um, nothing's happening...
Paimon: Lemme try again. Xiaaaao!
Paimon: ...
Paimon: That's weird... Does he not wanna hang out with us?
Xiangling: Wait, so let me get this straight. Some guy with special powers promised you both that you just need to shout his name, and he'll show up?
Paimon: Um, well... not "both," actually. Just one of us...
Traveler: He promised it to me.
Xiangling: Oh, right. Well, you should be the one to try it then. Paimon clearly just doesn't want to feel left out.
Paimon: Wah... Okay then...
Traveler: ...
Traveler: Xiao, you there?
Xiao: You called?
Xiangling: Whoa!
Paimon: He actually came!
Xiao: You spoke my name, did you not?
Traveler: I didn't think that would actually work...
Xiao: When I make you a promise, I will honor it.
Paimon: Blink of an eye, and poof, he's there! That's how you know he's an adeptus...
Xiangling: An adeptus!? Uhh... Xiao, was it? Hi there, it was me who asked the Traveler to call you here. My name's Xiangling. I'm a chef.
Xiangling: I've made it into the finals of this year's Masterful Chefs, and I'm testing some dishes out in preparation. I'm trying to get feedback from customers with all different tastes.
Xiao: Customers... and that includes me?
Xiangling: Uh-huh! The Traveler says you prefer mild food — just the kind of person I'm looking for. If you don't mind, I'd like you to try the dishes I've made and tell me your thoughts.
Traveler: Please help Xiangling out.
Xiao: ...
Xiao: Since it's you... I will do it.
Xiangling: Yay!
Xiao: ...
Paimon: Um, how is it? Are you sure you can eat it? Don't force yourself!
Xiao: ...Tastes pretty good.
Xiangling: Huh? R—Really?
Xiangling: I can't believe it, an adeptus said he likes my cooking... If my dad was here, he'd be crying tears of joy!
Xiao: You excel in the culinary arts. I'm reminded of another chef I know.
Xiao: That chef cooks dishes with soul, as do you. Both of you are masters of your craft.
Paimon: Who do you think he means? Smiley Yanxiao?
Traveler: It has to be Yanxiao!
Xiao: If I had to find fault with something... the two sides are a little strong for my taste. Some minor adjustments would take this dish from excellence to perfection.
Xiao: Just my own opinion... do not fixate on it. Take it or leave it as you see fit.
Xiangling: Alright, go easy on the sides... okay, I got it.
Xiangling: Thank you, adeptus friend! It was really great to meet you!
Xiao: I'll be leaving now.
Traveler: Thank you.
Xiao: See you next time.
Paimon: Paimon still can't believe he actually came!
Paimon: So what would happen if we called his name again now? Do you think he'd come back right away?
Traveler: Paimon, we're not doing that.
Paimon: Only kinda, maybe, not really, joking, geez...
Xiangling: Good news! After two rounds of taste-testing, I've had an idea on what to do next!
Paimon: Great! Lucky we picked the right people to talk to.
Xiangling: I'd better head back and try this out a few times while it's fresh in my mind. Thanks for your help!
Xiangling: Oh, and the final is in Yujing Terrace. You'd better come and watch!
Paimon: Will do. Good luck!
Traveler: You'll do great!
Xiangling: Hee-hee, you bet!
Traveler: We value your opinion, Xiao.

## Talk 4

Paimon: Seems like she's in the zone... talking away to herself...
Xiangling: Hmm, Jueyun Chili Chicken, Triple-Layered Consommé, Crystal Shrimp...
Paimon: #Are those the dishes she's gonna cook? Mmmm... Okay, now Paimon's hungry. One of each please! Get cooking, {NICKNAME}!
Traveler: Alright, sure...
Paimon: Wait, can you actually cook all of those? Or is Paimon just assuming that because we eat them all the time? Hehe...
Paimon: How about we see if they sell recipes around here?

## Talk 5

Ningguang: We have two extraordinary talents this year. I'm interested to see their choice of dishes.

## Talk 6

Yanfei: Welcome, everyone, to the Masterful Chefs final. At the appointment of the organizing committee, I am your host and officiator, Yanfei!
Paimon: Hey, Yanfei's here too!
Yanfei: This event is brought to you by the Liyue Qixing in collaboration with a number of participating enterprises. The competition is divided into the selections phase and the finals.
Yanfei: We saw many contestants from all over Liyue in the selections process, and all of them were outstanding chefs in their own right. Of those, the two strongest participants were put through to today's finals.
Yanfei: In just a few short moments, the finals will take place right here, before your very eyes!
Yanfei: As the officiator, it is my honor and privilege to represent the organizing committee and indeed the people of Liyue in overseeing today's proceedings.
Yanfei: Next, please allow me to introduce the judges. There will be a select panel and an audience panel. The three members of the select panel are:
Yanfei: The Tianquan, Lady Ningguang!
Yanfei: The Yuheng, Lady Keqing!
Yanfei: And last but not least, gourmet connoisseur, Uncle Tian!
Yanfei: In addition to these three, 10 judges will be chosen from among the audience to sample our contestants' dishes and cast their vote.
Yanfei: That makes a total of 13 judges with 13 votes between them. Each judge will vote for their preferred finalist, and the one who receives the most votes will be today's winner!
Paimon: Eee, it's all so exciting!
Yanfei: And now, please join me in welcoming our two contestants into the arena! Come on out!
Yanfei: To my left, a competition favorite down from Dihua. Life's harsh when you live on a marsh, but this kitchen ace will put a smile on your face — please welcome, Smiley Yanxiao!
Smiley Yanxiao: Uh... Hi everyone...
Paimon: Whoa, Yanxiao made it into the finals too! But what's up with him? He seems really nervous...
Traveler: To be fair, it's a big event.
Paimon: Yanxiaaaao! Chin up, shoulders back! Everyone from the inn is super proud of you!
Smiley Yanxiao: Huh? O—Oh, heh...
Yanfei: And to my right, a stalwart of the Liyue Harbor culinary scene, a little feisty with a whole lot of spicy — give it up for Xiangling!
Yanfei: ...Uh, and her mysterious assistant, who-knows-who!
Paimon: Paimon knows, it's Guoba!
Xiangling: Hey everybody! I'll do my best!
Yanfei: Contestants, please repeat after me: As a finalist in Masterful Chefs, I solemnly swear to commit myself fully, compete fairly, and abide by all competition procedures.
Xiangling: As a finalist in Masterful Chefs, I solemnly swear to commit myself fully, compete fairly, and abide by all competition procedures.
Smiley Yanxiao: Uh... As a finalist in Masterful Chefs, I, um, solemnly swear to commit myself fully, compete fairly, and abide by all competition procedures.
Yanfei: And I, for my part, promise to uphold the principles of fairness, impartiality, and transparency in my officiation of the proceedings.
Yanfei: Now, I will hand things over to the select panel judge, Ningguang, for the announcement of today's theme!
Ningguang: Thank you all for being here today at the Masterful Chefs finals. I am the Tianquan, Ningguang.
Ningguang: The organizers have chosen the theme for today's event, and that theme is: "Of Earth and Water Born."
Paimon: "Of Earth and Water Born"... Just like "Feast of the Bounteous Land," it really captures the spirit of this year's Moonchase Festival.
Paimon: It's like surf and turf, but the deep and meaningful version.
Ningguang: The rules are simple — the one who receives the most votes, wins. Tailor your dishes to the judges' preferences or win over the audience with your originality. The choice is yours.
Ningguang: Well then. I look forward to both of your contributions.
Yanfei: Contestants will have one hour of cooking time available, and may only use ingredients provided by the organizers in their dishes. I trust this is no problem.
Yanfei: Okay! Without further ado, let the cooking commence! Begin!

## Talk 7

Paimon: Time to pull out all the stops! Show everyone why you're the best!
Traveler: Woop woop, go, Xiangling!
Xiangling: Traveler, Paimon!
Xiangling: Hee-hee... Thanks for coming to support me! Don't you worry, I'm gonna make this the best-tasting dish I ever cooked!

## Talk 8

Paimon: Time to pull out all the stops! Show everyone why you're the best!
Traveler: Woop woop, go, Xiangling!
Xiangling: Traveler, Paimon!
Xiangling: Hee-hee... Thanks for coming to support me! Don't you worry, I'm gonna make this the best-tasting dish I ever cooked!

## Talk 9

Yanfei: Whoa, whoa, what's this? Hold up, things are taking an unexpected turn on the Masterful Chefs stage!
Yanfei: Xiangling's mysterious assistant appears to be aiding her opponent! Judges — are we going to allow this?
Yanfei: We knew in advance that Xiangling would be accompanied by a mysterious assistant, and the judges agreed that the two could be classed as one individual for the purposes of the competition. But what do we say to this!?
Ningguang: I take no issue with it. In any case, the assistant hasn't done much in the way of assisting.
Uncle Tian: Haha... no competition would be complete without a little drama. All part of being young. I won't be the old fogey that ruins it for them.
Keqing: Ahem... please allow me to explain to our host.
Keqing: Prior to the competition, the judges reviewed both contestants, and we can comfortably confirm that neither side is participating in a way that contravenes the competition rules.
Keqing: Xiangling is a highly accomplished chef, and her "assistant" is more like family to her.
Keqing: Xiangling prepares all of her own dishes herself. All that her assistant will do is occasionally provide a fire source. Given Xiangling's level of culinary skill, the difference between her using firewood or her assistant is a trivial one.
Keqing: I appreciate everyone's concerns. The presence of a mysterious assistant performing strange dance moves to cheerlead for Xiangling is a little unexpected.
Keqing: But the mysterious assistant has now started cheerleading for Smiley Yanxiao too, demonstrating total impartiality. By encouraging both Xiangling and her opponent, they have proven to be a fair supporter.
Xiangling: That's right! Guoba's not really outside help — Guoba just likes to watch people cook! I'm sure the only reason they went over there is to try and help Yanxiao feel less nervous.
Xiangling: I give you all my word, Guoba will not interfere with the competition. And I would also say that it's a loss to the competition if Yanxiao isn't at the top of his form!
Xiangling: I say that as someone who's eaten Yanxiao's cooking at Wangshu Inn before. He's an excellent chef, and I want this to be a competition between the best we both have to bring.
Ningguang: I see... most amusing. Uncle Tian, what's your opinion?
Uncle Tian: I have no objections. It's an honor and a privilege to see two contestants so dedicated to having a fair and square contest.
Yanfei: The judges and the officiator accept this explanation! Let the competition continue!
Xiangling: Yanxiao, are you alright?
Smiley Yanxiao: I don't know what's wrong with me, I've never been so nervous in my life! ...Ugh, look, my hands won't stop shaking...
Xiangling: Take it easy! I've been there before, I can help! Trying say a tongue-twister to yourself in your head, or... think of some happy memories about your dad!
Smiley Yanxiao: Why my dad? That's a bit specific...
Xiangling: 'Cause that's what I do.
Guoba: ♪~♪~
Smiley Yanxiao: Uh... I guess I'll think of my mom, then. A—Anyway, you should carry on! I'll be fine. Don't hold up your own dishes on my account.
Xiangling: Nothing's being held up. I'm finished already.
Smiley Yanxiao: Huh!? Right, then I need to focus up and win this thing!
Xiangling: There you go, that's the attitude we want! You're a very capable chef, Yanxiao. So come on, show everyone what you're made of — just like you showed us last time at Wangshu Inn!
Smiley Yanxiao: Yes... you're right, I can do this. I can do this!
Smiley Yanxiao: Thank you, Xiangling, and thanks to your, um... well, thanks. Time for me to get cooking!
Guoba: ♪!
Yanfei: Time's up!
Yanfei: Both contestants have now finished cooking. I would like to invite them to present their dishes to the judges for evaluation.
Yanfei: We will proceed in the order that the contestants finished. Xiangling — please describe your dish!
Xiangling: My dish is:
Xiangling: Jueyun Chili Chicken with sides of Triple-Layered Consommé and Crystal Shrimp.
Xiangling: The theme is "Of Earth and Water Born," which includes land and sea. In other words, land animals, fowl, and seafood are all potential ingredients.
Xiangling: My main dish, Jueyun Chili Chicken, is a combination of Fowl and chilis. Jueyun Chilis capture the essence of the mountains where they grow, and Fowl is a gift from the heavens.
Xiangling: Triple-Layered Consommé also uses Fowl, and its other ingredients are Ham and Bamboo Shoots. These are also flavors from the mountains, but they complement and contrast with the chicken dish — fresh instead of spicy, cold instead of hot.
Xiangling: The Crystal Shrimp is made from a combination of Rice, Shrimp Meat, and Carrot. A thin, translucent skin wraps diced Carrot and a whole shrimp. Fresh, crispy, and tender.
Xiangling: Shrimps are a gift from the ocean. Tightly wrapping them in a skin made from rice makes this dish a blend of land and sea, fresh with a hint of sweetness. It's the perfect note to end this course on.
Yanfei: A strong delivery there from Xiangling. Let's see what our next contestant, Yanxiao, has to say!
Smiley Yanxiao: My dish is...
Smiley Yanxiao: Adeptus' Temptation with a Mint Salad and Golden Shrimp Balls.
Smiley Yanxiao: As Xiangling says, earth and water means land and sea. So birds, land animals, and seafood were also the ingredients I incorporated.
Smiley Yanxiao: Adeptus' Temptation is a much-loved dish in Liyue, and as chef of Wangshu Inn, I've always been proud to offer this as the signature specialty dish of our menu.
Smiley Yanxiao: It's a complex dish with very particular ingredients: smoked Ham, Crab, fresh Shrimp Meat, and Matsutake. I chose this as my main dish, as a sign of respect toward my profession and to this competition.
Smiley Yanxiao: The Mint Salad is my first side. Cool and tender with a subtle sweetness, it's a perfect answer to the rich and strong flavors of the Adeptus' Temptation.
Smiley Yanxiao: Golden Shrimp Balls is a time-honored classic loved by everyone. A hearty and wholesome broth followed up with a shrimp ball, hehe... Pure bliss!
Paimon: Mmmm~! Paimon can smell it from all the way over here! It's driving Paimon crazy...
Yanfei: Judges, please sample the dishes!
Keqing: Very impressive. Both contestants' dishes are well-considered, expertly made, and truly delicious. I'm gonna have another Golden Shrimp Ba— um, I mean, I shall have to sample both contestants' dishes once more before I can reach a verdict.
Uncle Tian: Now, Xiangling has taken an interesting approach here: She's chosen a cold dish as her main. I have to say, that's a bold move.
Uncle Tian: It's also a unique take on Jueyun Chili Chicken. Although the dish as a whole is served cold, the chili peppers have been stir-fried and so they're still just a little warm on the inside. You get a nice crunch as you bite in, then you get the spiciness and warmth all coming in together, and then just a hint of that wonderful pepperiness to top it all off... It's quite simply extraordinary!
Ningguang: This Adeptus' Temptation is quite exceptional. The Triple-Layered Consommé is also a very superlative contribution — excellent flavor, well-balanced between sweet and savory. Yes... the standard is very high.
Yanfei: Judges of the select panel, I will now ask you to consider your votes carefully before writing them down and handing them to me!
Yanfei: Also, the organizing committee has selected today's audience judges, and they are now evaluating the dishes. Everyone who's been lucky enough to sample today's dishes, please consider and cast your vote independently.
Paimon: Ugh, how are we not involved in this!? Why didn't they pick us to be judges?
Paimon: Paimon has buckets of passion and oodles of expertise when it comes to food — if they don't want Paimon, it's their loss! Ohh...
Traveler: Calm down, Paimon. I'll cook the same dishes for you later.
Paimon: Yippy! For all the chefs there are in the world, and for all the amazing dishes they can cook, the fact remains that you're the one who treats Paimon best!
Yanfei: Thank you all for waiting! All votes have been received and counted, and the results have been returned to Ningguang.
Yanfei: I now invite Ningguang to take the floor and announce the results of the Masterful Chefs finals!
Ningguang: It is my pleasure to announce that the winner of the Masterful Chefs finals is:
Smiley Yanxiao: Ah...
Xiangling: Ooh...
Paimon: Ahhhh...
Ningguang: By a mere one-vote margin, Xiangling.
Xiangling: Wow!!!
Paimon: Whaaaat!? How was it so close!
Traveler: Yanxiao is a great chef too.
Smiley Yanxiao: There it is... *sigh* I knew it.
Yanfei: It was a close contest, but we have a winner! Liyue Harbor's Xiangling has beaten Dihua Marsh's Yanxiao by just one vote!
Yanfei: There can only be one winner, but the fact that this was so close shows just how much both of these outstanding chefs managed to impress our judges. Thank you both for your stellar contributions here today!
Yanfei: A big thank you to all the audience for being here today, especially those who have come from far and wide. As officiator, I declare the result of this competition to be fair and valid, thus bringing the Masterful Chefs finals to a close!
Ningguang: Thank you all for coming. Until next time.
Yanfei: Please exit the venue in an orderly fashion and remember to take all of your personal belongings with you.
Paimon: C'mon, let's go over and take a look!

## Talk 10

Xiangling: Looks like I won this time, Yanxiao. But I'd still like to try your dishes, if that's okay?
Smiley Yanxiao: Sure, I'll have a try of yours too.
Smiley Yanxiao: Whew... truly exquisite. No doubt in my mind why you're the winner here.
Xiangling: Mmm... This Adeptus' Temptation is really good! It's so fresh I'm almost moved to tears...
Smiley Yanxiao: Haha, well, just goes to show that you have a taste for the finer things in life.
Xiangling: No, no, you've got me all wrong! We're just a small neighborhood restaurant too, so I totally understand... Food is life, and customers are at the heart of all food culture. So humble home cooking is not to be looked down upon!
Guoba: ♪
Smiley Yanxiao: Is that right? Huh, I'd heard you'd gotten famous for your experimental approach to cooking and were all about fancy and exclusive foods. Never realized you'd done your time in a small kitchen too. Well, there you have it. All the greats come from the smaller places.
Xiangling: Same goes for you! You can't work in an inn kitchen unless you know how to consistently please customers. It's no wonder your food is so top-notch.
Smiley Yanxiao: You're the kind of competition I'm glad to have. Let's stay in touch, maybe we can find some time in the future to trade tips.
Xiangling: You got it! And next time we meet as competitors, let's both be even better than we are now!
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, deal!
Xiangling: Traveler, Paimon! Thanks for coming. Did you get to try the food?
Paimon: Don't even go there! Paimon's still peeved!
Xiangling: Hahaha, I can't believe it — you didn't get picked? Well, never mind, don't get mad — I'll make some more for you when we get back.
Paimon: You will? Woohoo, great!
Xiangling: Oh, uh, the organizers said that Yanxiao and I need to go register our delivery addresses. Apparently they're gonna deliver an exclusive ingredients package and the prize money at a later date. So I need to get moving!
Xiangling: I'll come find you guys after!
Paimon: Aw, Xiangling seems really happy. Good for her.
Paimon: Looks like Keqing and Ningguang left already. As the organizers, they must've gone to wrap up some last-minute things. Let's go ask them for an update about the statue!

## Talk 11

Paimon: Keqing! There you are!
Keqing: Oh. You found me.
Paimon: Huh? Is everything okay?
Traveler: (Something is weighing on Keqing's mind.)
Keqing: ...
Keqing: Traveler. I have found myself in something of a predicament.
Keqing: In the competition, I voted for Smiley Yanxiao.
Paimon: So, you're frustrated because you can't go back and vote for Xiangling instead?
Keqing: No, that's not it. As a judge, I had a duty to remain objective. I made my decision after thinking about it very carefully, and my conscience is clear.
Keqing: Xiangling is my friend. So by rights, I should be honest with her about this.
Keqing: But as you know, I voted based purely on my personal opinion. As a contestant, Xiangling may not be able to appreciate this. And I do not know how to deal with people of her temperament... *sigh* I just don't know how to break it to her.
Paimon: Ah, it's no big deal, just say it however comes naturally. Xiangling of all people isn't bothered about that kind of stuff. And anyway, she still won in the end!
Xiangling: Oh hey, here you are! I've been looking for you for ages!
Keqing: Xiangling... There's something I need to tell you.
Xiangling: Hmm? Wh—What is it?
Keqing: My grandfather always said to me, "In contests of food, always follow your heart." Which is to say that in gastronomical disputes or indeed competitions, one must cast their vote for the party that they agree with. This decision must be based on one's honest thoughts, not influenced by any external factors.
Keqing: Of course, that was just my grandfather's opinion. But I have to say, I am inclined to think he had a point...
Keqing: So... despite the fact that I am your friend, I cast my vote for Smiley Yanxiao's Adeptus' Temptation...
Traveler: I think you mean the Golden Shrimp Balls.
Xiangling: Heh...
Keqing: W—Well... maybe it was! I like Golden Shrimp Balls, is that a problem!
Traveler: (Shutting up...)
Xiangling: You were acting so serious that I honestly thought something was up! It's fine, doesn't bother me one bit.
Keqing: Huh?
Xiangling: You voted for who you wanted to. That's totally okay — in fact, that's exactly how it should be. Otherwise, how could it be a fair competition?
Xiangling: So... you made a point of telling me, is that because you were worried that it made you a bad friend?
Keqing: Ahem, ahem! I... don't be absurd.
Xiangling: *sigh* Didn't I say already? I love this about you — you're just so conscientious about everything. Half-baked feedback just isn't meaningful to me at this stage.
Xiangling: Seeking reassurance is what novices do, and it's been a long time since I was a novice. The way forward from today will only get more challenging, as will the dishes I'll need to cook. Honestly, I'll need friends like you along the way.
Xiangling: You have a strong sense of responsibility, Keqing. But you know, not everything is always about responsibility. Yes, you're a Qixing, but you're also you — Keqing. When you're with friends, you don't need to think about everything so thoroughly.
Xiangling: You know that's what Ningguang's like, right? Beidou's always telling me about how well she gets along with Ningguang. They even play chess on board her ship sometimes.
Xiangling: So you see, Ningguang's kinda bold in that she doesn't let her identity and reputation get in the way of her ability to have a good time. You could take a leaf out of her book. Outside of work, it's time to let go and relax.
Traveler: Xiangling is right on the money.
Keqing: Traveler... Xiangling, I...
Keqing: A—Anyway, what are we standing around here for? Let's go and check on the status of the Stove God statue!
Paimon: Oh yeah, Paimon had nearly forgotten about that! Let's go see!
Traveler: You don't need to be so strict with yourself.

## Talk 12

Paimon: How strange, it hasn't changed one bit...
Xiangling: This doesn't make any sense... we cooked our hearts out!
Paimon: Does this mean... the competition wasn't enough to awaken the statue?
Keqing: ...
Keqing: Oh well... I suppose it was simply not meant to be.
Traveler: There's still time. Don't lose hope.
Paimon: Yeah. We've waited this long already, there's no harm in waiting a little longer.
Paimon: Right, Xiangling?
Xiangling: Yep! There's still time, let's be patient. We'll all see this through together.
Xiangling: On another note, I have some good news for you, Keqing! Things are looking optimistic for that recipe you gave me.
Xiangling: Master came by before the competition and filled in the parts that were missing. So now, I'll be able to cook it.
Xiangling: In fact, I'll go find somewhere to make it right now. Wait here!
Keqing: Xiangling...
Xiangling: Oh, uh, and Traveler, could you come with me?
Paimon: Huh? You only just beat Smiley Yanxiao. You think you're up for challenging us already?
Traveler: Alright, time for me to get real.
Traveler: I'm something of a kitchen god myself.
Xiangling: Obviously not what I meant!
Xiangling: You collect recipes, don't you? I thought you'd probably be needing this dish during your travels, so I figured I'd share it with you.
Paimon: Oh, right. Paimon knew that. Sheesh, we totally misread that situation...
Traveler: Who am I kidding, Xiangling's the real kitchen queen.
Xiangling: Huh? Geez, careful eating your words so fast, you'll give yourself heartburn!
Keqing: Pfft... hehe.
Keqing: ...What are you staring at me for? Go on, go get on with your cooking.

## Talk 13

Paimon: We're back!
Xiangling: The Traveler and I made one each. Here, have a taste while it's still warm.
Keqing: Thank you. Don't mind if I do.
Keqing: ...
Keqing: ...!?
Paimon: What is it? What does that face mean?
Keqing: ...I...
Keqing: (This flavor... I've tasted it before!)
Traveler: Uh... Keqing?
Keqing: ...Apologies.
Keqing: Xiangling, Traveler, thank you both. This is everything I had hoped it would be.
Keqing: It tastes wonderful, and... quite amazingly, somehow it took me right back to my childhood, when my grandfather was still around.
Xiangling: Really? That's awesome!
Xiangling: I didn't have a chance to fully explain before. In fact, when Master had filled in the missing parts of the recipe for me, I realized that I already knew how to make this dish.
Paimon: You already knew? You mean, you were able to make this without ever seeing the recipe?
Xiangling: Uh-huh. My dad taught me how to make it.
Paimon: Wait, but isn't this dish from Keqing's grandpa's notes, though?
Keqing: About that... I do not believe that this recipe was my grandfather's creation.
Keqing: My grandfather was a well-known real estate tycoon in Liyue, and also a scholar. He was an avid collector of old books and was quite knowledgeable on many of Liyue's customs and traditions that are no longer practiced.
Keqing: As a child, I used to spend a lot of time with him in his study. We'd read the classics together, then debate how much of it was actually genuine, and whether Rex Lapis was real or not...
Keqing: He used to say, "Books are just a bridge that bring us a little closer to history. It's up to those of us in later generations to ask these questions, search for the answers, and decide what they mean."
Keqing: Since then, my grandfather has passed on, and I've grown up to become a Qixing. My views on Rex Lapis have changed in this time, too, from myth to reality.
Keqing: For me, the name Rex Lapis is inextricably wound up with memories of my grandfather. Whenever I see his name written down, it always reminds me of sitting in my grandfather's study... seeing all of his notes.
Keqing: As I said earlier, this recipe came from those same notes. It's an ancient dish that he was trying to restore to its original form, but unfortunately, without the full recipe, he never quite succeeded.
Keqing: Still, each time he tried cooking it, he'd always get me to have a taste while it was still warm... ah, the memories. This really is the taste of my childhood.
Paimon: Ancient dish? Are cornbread buns really that old?
Xiangling: Well, at least in my family it is. My dad learned how to make it from his dad, and supposedly, it's been passed down that way for generations.
Xiangling: We call them Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns! They're a traditional folk-food snack, easy to pack up and take with you on the road, so they're the perfect thing to eat on the go.
Guoba: ♪~♪~
Xiangling: Haha, seeing Guoba just reminded me of something. I actually made this dish on the day that I first met Guoba!
Keqing: How did you first meet?
Xiangling: It was in a cave in the mountains! I ducked inside to get out of the rain and saw an offering table in there, so I put the Cornbread Buns I'd brought with me on it.
Xiangling: Then I ended up falling asleep, and when I woke up, I found out that Guoba had eaten every last one. Guoba's followed me around ever since — we're practically family now.
Paimon: Hold up! Stop the conversation, look! The, the stone...!
Paimon: It burst open!?
Keqing: It's... it's...!?
Traveler: Is that... Guoba?
Xiangling: Guoba!? What are you... what!?
Guoba: ♪?
Madame Ping: Ah, I see the Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns have been served.
Xiangling: Master!
Paimon: Granny! Look, the, the Stove God statue looks just like Guoba!
Madame Ping: Hehe, indeed it does. After all, Guoba is the deity you've been searching for: God of the Stove.
Paimon: Guoba... Guoba is a GOD!?
Guoba: ♪~
Madame Ping: You asked me if a sufficiently festive atmosphere would be enough to reawaken the Stove God. And my answer is this: Yes and no.
Madame Ping: The Stove God has always been a deity with great affection for the people, and who acts in response to their desires. To him, the heart's passions and the heart's desires are not the same thing.
Madame Ping: Passion can be a technique, a skill, something derived from experience. But desires... they are deeper, more innate. They are the heart's strength in its purest form.
Madame Ping: Masterful Chefs is wonderfully exciting, but it is more an exercise of passion than of desire. And passion alone will not suffice to reawaken the Stove God from his deep slumber.
Madame Ping: But just now, when Keqing ate this dish she had longed for, a deeply held desire was fulfilled. As well as receiving an answer to her question, she also gained something much more precious: a moment of poignant nostalgia, so vivid it felt like she was right there alongside her grandfather.
Madame Ping: The enormous power unleashed by the fulfillment of this desire resonated with the Stove God's statue, and caused it to manifest once more the form it took in the past.
Madame Ping: Of course, the Stove God himself is not contained within the statue. Hehe, the true Stove God has been here with us all along.
Guoba: ♪...
Madame Ping: How does it feel, seeing a statue of yourself from your glory days? Look at him, still so majestic.
Xiangling: Glory days? Wait... what happened? Did Guoba used to be different from now?
Madame Ping: Oh, yes. Back in his day, your Guoba was once the Patron God of the Soil.
Madame Ping: But all the wisdom and power he had then, he has since surrendered to the soil itself.
Keqing: A god surrendering their power to the soil... I have heard this turn of phrase before. But what does it mean?
Madame Ping: The kinds of trials and tribulations that a land can face are far more than you could imagine. Droughts, floods, torrential rain, hurricanes... earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, and plagues.
Madame Ping: The threat of disaster will never fully disappear from Liyue. Even woes that have never been faced before in history will come to pass in the future. Such things affect you mortals far more than we adepti, with our immortal forms.
Madame Ping: He once walked with you over the barren plains until you arrived at last at the harbor. He joined you in building your dwellings and lighting the stoves...
Madame Ping: It was his hand that lit the very first street lamp of Liyue, and brought the aroma of cooked food into every household in the land.
Madame Ping: You mortals no longer remember him. But back in the age when you did, he was the closest of all the adepti to the common folk.
Madame Ping: You once told me that dining is the profoundest of customs in the human world. "To eat well is to consume vitality itself, and to drink well is to partake of the very essence of the world"...
Madame Ping: It is a matter of paramount importance, you said, for people cannot face the arduous journey ahead on an empty stomach. At once a humble affair and a profound one.
Madame Ping: A humble meal of maize and spring water is also profound in that, by ensuring one's survival, it paves the way for millennia of human history and culture to come.
Madame Ping: My dear friend, Liyue has changed so much while you have slept. Looking at the prosperity and beauty around us today... does it make you happy?
Traveler: ...
Xiangling: Guoba... this is kind of a huge deal, why didn't you say anything...
Guoba: ♪~
Paimon: He is not who he once was. Even the power of speech evades him now. There is no way he could have told you...
Keqing: Ohh...
Xiangling: Guoba... but, but... *sigh*
Keqing: Xiangling...
Madame Ping: Do not be saddened, Xiangling. There are two sides to everything. Guoba may have lost many of his former faculties, but he is now as carefree as can be, without a single worry in the whole world.
Madame Ping: In this world we inhabit... who can truly be said to live a life free of all woes? Those with a mind and with knowledge will certainly be troubled by all manner of things.
Madame Ping: But he has gone further than us in his journey. He had both wisdom and courage. Everything he took upon himself, he was also ready to part with. His carefree demeanor today is a testament to the fact that he is at rest.
Madame Ping: So since you are his friend, take good care of him. Go out to walk and to play. Allow him to eat, drink, and be merry.
Xiangling: I will! You can count on me...
Keqing: Xiangling, you have an adeptal affinity. Guoba follows you around because he has respect for you.
Keqing: The moment he awoke, he was met with a familiar flavor in the Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns he ate...
Keqing: After all that time, he still recognized the dish he had invented, and he approved of you as the one who had cooked it.
Madame Ping: That's right. The taste of one's home cuisine always brings back memories of home. Though he remembered nothing, eating the food you had cooked gave him a feeling of familiarity. That is why he stuck by you.
Keqing: You may be the first person in history to give the Stove God the experience of being a satisfied customer... That makes you quite a remarkable chef.
Traveler: I love Xiangling's cooking too!
Xiangling: If that's true, I couldn't be happier. Because... putting a smile on customers' faces is what we chefs are called to do.
Keqing: Well then... It's getting late, and I still have things to do. Time for me to say goodbye.
Keqing: Traveler, Paimon, Xiangling, thank you all very much. I look forward to spending more time together in the future.
Traveler: Sounds good, we'll be waiting!
Xiangling: I guess my dad's probably heard the good news already, but I should still go catch up with him. Master, it's been a while since you came by, why don't you join me?
Xiangling: He thinks about you all the time, you know. He's always telling me to invite you over.
Madame Ping: Oh, goodness me. Then, far be it from me to refuse.
Madame Ping: Off we go, then. Let's saunter over gently, and see how all the city folk are getting along.

## Talk 14

Madame Ping: Ah, I see the Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns have been served.
Xiangling: Master!
Paimon: Granny! Look, the, the Stove God statue looks just like Guoba!
Madame Ping: Hehe, indeed it does. After all, Guoba is the deity you've been searching for: God of the Stove.
Paimon: Guoba... Guoba is a GOD!?
Guoba: ♪~
Madame Ping: You asked me if a sufficiently festive atmosphere would be enough to reawaken the Stove God. And my answer is this: Yes and no.
Madame Ping: The Stove God has always been a deity with great affection for the people, and who acts in response to their desires. To him, the heart's passions and the heart's desires are not the same thing.
Madame Ping: Passion can be a technique, a skill, something derived from experience. But desires... they are deeper, more innate. They are the heart's strength in its purest form.
Madame Ping: Masterful Chefs is wonderfully exciting, but it is more an exercise of passion than of desire. And passion alone will not suffice to reawaken the Stove God from his deep slumber.
Madame Ping: But just now, when Keqing ate this dish she had longed for, a deeply held desire was fulfilled. As well as receiving an answer to her question, she also gained something much more precious: a moment of poignant nostalgia, so vivid it felt like she was right there alongside her grandfather.
Madame Ping: The enormous power unleashed by the fulfillment of this desire resonated with the Stove God's statue, and caused it to manifest once more the form it took in the past.
Madame Ping: Of course, the Stove God himself is not contained within the statue. Hehe, the true Stove God has been here with us all along.
Guoba: ♪...
Madame Ping: How does it feel, seeing a statue of yourself from your glory days? Look at him, still so majestic.
Xiangling: Glory days? Wait... what happened? Did Guoba used to be different from now?
Madame Ping: Oh, yes. Back in his day, your Guoba was once the Patron God of the Soil.
Madame Ping: But all the wisdom and power he had then, he has since surrendered to the soil itself.
Keqing: A god surrendering their power to the soil... I have heard this turn of phrase before. But what does it mean?
Madame Ping: The kinds of trials and tribulations that a land can face are far more than you could imagine. Droughts, floods, torrential rain, hurricanes... earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, and plagues.
Madame Ping: The threat of disaster will never fully disappear from Liyue. Even woes that have never been faced before in history will come to pass in the future. Such things affect you mortals far more than we adepti, with our immortal forms.
Madame Ping: He once walked with you over the barren plains until you arrived at last at the harbor. He joined you in building your dwellings and lighting the stoves...
Madame Ping: It was his hand that lit the very first street lamp of Liyue, and brought the aroma of cooked food into every household in the land.
Madame Ping: You mortals no longer remember him. But back in the age when you did, he was the closest of all the adepti to the common folk.
Madame Ping: You once told me that dining is the profoundest of customs in the human world. "To eat well is to consume vitality itself, and to drink well is to partake of the very essence of the world"...
Madame Ping: It is a matter of paramount importance, you said, for people cannot face the arduous journey ahead on an empty stomach. At once a humble affair and a profound one.
Madame Ping: A humble meal of maize and spring water is also profound in that, by ensuring one's survival, it paves the way for millennia of human history and culture to come.
Madame Ping: My dear friend, Liyue has changed so much while you have slept. Looking at the prosperity and beauty around us today... does it make you happy?
Traveler: ...
Xiangling: Guoba... this is kind of a huge deal, why didn't you say anything...
Guoba: ♪~
Paimon: He is not who he once was. Even the power of speech evades him now. There is no way he could have told you...
Keqing: Ohh...
Xiangling: Guoba... but, but... *sigh*
Keqing: Xiangling...
Madame Ping: Do not be saddened, Xiangling. There are two sides to everything. Guoba may have lost many of his former faculties, but he is now as carefree as can be, without a single worry in the whole world.
Madame Ping: In this world we inhabit... who can truly be said to live a life free of all woes? Those with a mind and with knowledge will certainly be troubled by all manner of things.
Madame Ping: But he has gone further than us in his journey. He had both wisdom and courage. Everything he took upon himself, he was also ready to part with. His carefree demeanor today is a testament to the fact that he is at rest.
Madame Ping: So since you are his friend, take good care of him. Go out to walk and to play. Allow him to eat, drink, and be merry.
Xiangling: I will! You can count on me...
Keqing: Xiangling, you have an adeptal affinity. Guoba follows you around because he has respect for you.
Keqing: The moment he awoke, he was met with a familiar flavor in the Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns he ate...
Keqing: After all that time, he still recognized the dish he had invented, and he approved of you as the one who had cooked it.
Madame Ping: That's right. The taste of one's home cuisine always brings back memories of home. Though he remembered nothing, eating the food you had cooked gave him a feeling of familiarity. That is why he stuck by you.
Keqing: You may be the first person in history to give the Stove God the experience of being a satisfied customer... That makes you quite a remarkable chef.
Traveler: I love Xiangling's cooking too!
Xiangling: If that's true, I couldn't be happier. Because... putting a smile on customers' faces is what we chefs are called to do.
Keqing: Well then... It's getting late, and I still have things to do. Time for me to say goodbye.
Keqing: Traveler, Paimon, Xiangling, thank you all very much. I look forward to spending more time together in the future.
Traveler: Sounds good, we'll be waiting!
Xiangling: I guess my dad's probably heard the good news already, but I should still go catch up with him. Master, it's been a while since you came by, why don't you join me?
Xiangling: He thinks about you all the time, you know. He's always telling me to invite you over.
Madame Ping: Oh, goodness me. Then, far be it from me to refuse.
Madame Ping: Off we go, then. Let's saunter over gently, and see how all the city folk are getting along.

## Talk 15

Xiangling: Hi dad! I'm back! Hey, hey, what are you doing there, I should be the one handling that...
Guoba: ♪! ♪~
Paimon: Oh no! Guoba's taken off!
Traveler: Look who it is...
Zhongli: ...
Guoba: !!!
Zhongli: ...Oh, it's you.
Zhongli: Hello there, old friend.
Guoba: ♪
Madame Ping: Well bless my soul. Are you out for a stroll as well?
Zhongli: Given the season, it felt fitting to take a leisurely walk while the meal is being prepared.
Madame Ping: Quite right, and it also gave us the chance to run into you. Guoba may not recognize you, but as ever, he seems quite delighted to see you.
Paimon: So... Guoba doesn't remember anything, but can still feel when something is familiar?
Zhongli: Friendship will always withstand the ravages of time.
Zhongli: Traveler, what do you think of the name of this festival, "Moonchase"?
Traveler: Evocative and seasonal.
Zhongli: The moon is a carrier of countless emotions... So many things only seem to surface as we gaze up beneath its poignant glow. Wherever the moonlight shines, the heart is wont to follow.
Zhongli: Fond memories of those no longer with us. Debts of gratitude to old friends. The meaning of ages past and gone. All wrapped up in the city that has existed for so many moons to date.
Zhongli: All these things and more... they are why people chase the moon.
Madame Ping: Hehe, in old age, the sight of many things puts one in a wistful mood. But children are always a beautiful sight to see.
Madame Ping: Such exuberant life force. It seems to well up from deep within the land itself... a land that has been in existence for so many millennia, and yet one that still dazzles today.
Traveler: Perhaps that is what defines Liyue.
Madame Ping: Traveler, this Moonchase Festival has been all the more entertaining with you here to witness it.
Madame Ping: Now, let's have Xiangling brew us a nice pot of tea. We shall drink and chat at our leisure.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Uncle Tian: Hehe, what an exciting competition this is.

### Additional Talk 2

Yanfei: In the interest of keeping everything fair and above-board, please refrain from talking with the host while the competition is in progress.

### Additional Talk 3

Keqing: ...
Keqing: Will we ever manage to reawaken the statue?

### Additional Talk 4

Xiangling: Hmm, everyone's here to eat, what should I cook? Lemme think... I've got some Fowl and some Fish... and Shrimp Meat, so I can do two snack dishes... yes, and a few stir-fries!
Xiangling: Hee-hee, everyone's gonna love it.

### Additional Talk 5

Zhongli: The food at Wanmin Restaurant is excellent. I eat here often.
Madame Ping: You can say that again... Xiangling is a remarkable child, surely the culinary talent of the century.
Guoba: ♪~♪!
Zhongli: Indeed. To have mastered the craft at her age lends credence to the old aphorism that heroes are made young.

### Additional Talk 6

Smiley Yanxiao: Uhh... I—I... *sigh* What am I going to do...

### Additional Talk 7

Keqing: I look forward to both of your dishes.