# Parting Arrangement

Balfour: #Thank you for your work these past few days, Golden Comet {NICKNAME} and Silver Companion!
Balfour: I've logged all your games, and we've been able to gather lots of data from your game records.
Balfour: You fall under the category we call "pinnacle-class" players, and I believe that between you and normal testers, we'll be able to come up with some stable improvement directives.
Haniyyah: Of course, we'd also like to hear what you thought of the game overall, and if you have any suggestions in that regard.
Haniyyah: Your feedback will not only have a positive impact on Fungus Mechanicus, but will also affect the next tournament to some extent.
Balfour: Finally, we'd like to hear about your general preferences... Would you prefer novelty, or more competitive aspects?
Traveler: I'd prefer to emphasize cooperation between companions.
Paimon: Right! Competitive clashes are really important, sure, but we'd prefer that future challenges test the bonds between us and our Fungi friends!
Haniyyah: Bonds, huh... Alright, I understand.
Haniyyah: Mr. Balfour. Do you remember what I told you about the most important idea?
Balfour: Understood! I shall endeavor to design more challenges that will test your coordination with one another, where effective communication will allow you and your Fungi friends to unleash your true potential!
Haniyyah: Same as always, huh, you two...
Haniyyah: Regardless, that's it for this round of Fungus Mechanicus tests.
Traveler: Thanks for your hard work!
Paimon: Nice! Now that we're done with work, it's time to collect our pay and get some food to reward ourselves, hehe!
Paimon: Wait... That's not right! We're the organizers of the next tournament, while Haniyyah and Balfour are making preparations for it...
Paimon: Haniyyah's our awesome assistant, and Balfour's also being employed by us.
Paimon: Does that mean we'll have to, uh... pay our employees for their hard work... and stuff?
Haniyyah: Oh, no, that's not necessary. In fact, that's too kind of you! I volunteered to do this job, and I learned a lot from it, too!
Haniyyah: I mean, I'm someone from the mercantile industry as well, so the experience of managing Fungus Mechanicus has been quite valuable to me.
Haniyyah: If this work were to be open to the public, I'm quite sure you'd have no lack of offers from people who'd like to buy the rights to it, to be honest!
Haniyyah: And once Fungus Mechanicus starts turning a profit, Mr. Balfour should make his investment back and a large portion of the profits will go to me.
Haniyyah: I will then set a portion of that aside for use as funds for the next tournament, and another portion will be used to take care of our shroom friends.
Haniyyah: And by that I don't just mean Bongo-Head, but also the Fungi that the other contestants have entrusted to me, like Stormstress.
Haniyyah: In other words, the improvements you're helping us make to Fungus Mechanicus will not only make us all a tidy profit, but will also go into securing welfare for the Fungi.
Paimon: Ooh, so that's it... Well, Paimon doesn't get all this profit and earnings stuff, but it sounds like everyone wins, huh?
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's feeling that sense of accomplishment already!
Paimon: #If we get the chance, {NICKNAME}, we should tell our friends in Sumeru about Fungus Mechanicus. Gotta spread the word and everything!
Traveler: Of course, of course.
Haniyyah: I'll be heading out of the city with our Fungi friends to meet up with my assistant, and then we'll return to our campsite.
Haniyyah: The Fungi who stay at the campsite will get worried if we're away for too long.
Haniyyah: Mr. Balfour will stay here to promote the test version of Fungus Mechanicus, so if you've not yet had your fill of fun, you can keep playing.
Balfour: Indeed! Play to your heart's content!
Paimon: Oh, you're going already, Haniyyah? With Bongo-Head and the rest?
Paimon: Paimon still wants to play with Bongo-Head...
Paimon: But meeting you again has definitely put Paimon at ease!
Paimon: It was especially great to see that our shroom buddies are all right as rain, and that we're just as tight as we used to be!
Haniyyah: Don't worry. I believe we'll meet again soon.
Haniyyah: Though the two of you are constantly traveling, I do have some means of contacting you — for example, we can send you letters through the Adventurers' Guild.
Haniyyah: I'm sure that when we next meet, our friends will be both healthy and hearty!
Haniyyah: Just hang tight and wait for good news from me.
Paimon: Yup! We believe in you, Haniyyah!
Traveler: Keep up the good work, Haniyyah.
Haniyyah: We'll see you next time then, Golden Comet and Silver Companion!
Traveler: Take care of our friends.
Traveler: And don't forget to take care of yourself.
Traveler: Don't forget our salary.
Paimon: Right, right. Hehe, food bought with hard-earned Mora tastes so much better!
Traveler: I'm partial towards the elegance and thrill of combat.
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon's also sure that our bonds with our shroom buddies will only become stronger, and won't weaken with time!
Paimon: Who knows how well we'll work together the next time we compete? There's no doubt that we'll need the coolest battles to put that on display!
Haniyyah: I see. So you're of a mind that suitable challenges can display the full strength of the Fungi.
Balfour: In that case, we'll increase the number of challenging events available during the next competition!
Traveler: I'm not partial to anything. Let's just do something enjoyable!
Paimon: That's right. No matter what happens, we'll be happy so long as we can play with our shroom buddies, clear challenges with them, and overcome difficulties together!
Haniyyah: Understood. So we'd want a mix of fun and challenge, huh? It sounds simple, but might be harder to execute...
Balfour: Leave it to me. I shall do my best to satisfy your requirements!