# Phantom Flow: Phantasmal Blade

Shousen: Hello. My name is Shousen. I'm the master of Shinryuu.
Shousen: From your appearance, you must be a traveler from afar. What do you say? Are you interested in learning this art?
Traveler: "Shinryuu"...?
Shousen: This is an original skill that I invented. It's different from the Iwakura and Kitain Arts — or even the Favonius Bladework from overseas — which all require weapons for combat, in the sense that the essence of my technique is exercising one's heart to hone one's combat skills.
Shousen: In my early years, I traveled abroad to study martial arts. There, I observed Natlan's boxing arts. When they practiced, they would fight with an imaginary opponent.
Paimon: Imaginary opponent?
Traveler: So you fight with your imaginary friend?
Shousen: Precisely. You imagine your opponent's actions and react based on your own imagination. This practice, which the locals there call "shadow boxing," appeared to be a rather lofty skill to me.
Shousen: As such, Shinryuu is an unrestricted school of fighting that makes use of this practice method. Under my guidance, you can recreate all manner of imaginary opponents.
Shousen: From slimes to ochimusha, and even to those outlander warriors from Snezhnaya. So long as you are well-versed in the art of Shinryuu, you can easily recreate a battle with them to hone your combat skills.
Shousen: By the way, I'm afraid that the mightiest creature in the world is the Electro Crystalfly. Eiin, the previous Iwakura successor, once tried to challenge a human-shaped Electro Crystalfly using Shinryuu. He barely lasted ten seconds.
Shousen: This art is not limited to opponents alone. I can even simulate the wind direction, weather, mechanisms and even Ley Line Disorders using Shinryuu. It is a truly practical skill.
Paimon: Paimon's gotta ask, if Shinryuu is already so strong, why do you still need to ask people to join yourself, Mr. Shousen?
Shousen: My Shinryuu is a little too... real, to the point where my disciples can become injured when fighting their imaginary foes.
Shousen: Even an imaginary blade created by Shinryuu can slice your hands and feet. A musket so imagined can also shoot through your body.
Shousen: As time goes by, people who are not devoted to the martial arts will leave Shinryuu out of fear. As for some others, I judged that they were manic martial desperados, unsuited to mastering this art, and so I kicked them out.
Traveler: Wow, that good, huh?
Shousen: Indeed. However, I believe that you are most suitable for the art of Shinryuu. Perhaps fated to use it, even. Would you like to give it a go?
Traveler: Seems interesting...
Shousen: Well, if you are interested, just imagine the platform in front of you as the Shinryuu arena.
Shousen: I will then tailor-make the most suitable battlefield for you by the power of Shinryuu.
Shousen: Be careful, and mind you don't get hurt. After all..
Shousen: Shinryuu can be truly ruthless.
Traveler: I'll pass.
Shousen: I see. That's a shame.
Traveler: Wow, that scary, huh?
Traveler: Gotta say that I'll pass.
Shousen: #Come now, {F#girl}{M#boy}. Your stride is steady, you stand upright and straight, and your breathing is flawless. You are surely a veteran martial artist.