# Blade Dance's Unexpected End!

Enghiene: Unauthorized combat, unauthorized combat! Seize them immediately!
Enghiene: Upon discovering such a dangerous Domain, you should have reported it straight back to the Maison Gardiennage, not started an unauthorized investigation, let alone used violence... You really are a bloodthirsty one, aren't you?
Costentin: B—B—B—But please! Not only are we not in the Court of Fontaine, but we're beating up monsters! Can we really be arrested for that?
Enghiene: Are you a registered member of the Adventurers' Guild?
Costentin: N—No, I'm not... I didn't have what it takes to pass their physical tests...
Enghiene: Then presumably you informed the Maison Gardiennage in advance that you planned on using weapons within the borders of Fontaine?
Costentin: Huh? You have to declare in advance that you're planning to use weapons?
Enghiene: Of course you do! If any old Pierre, Paul, or Jacques could start a fight in Fontaine whenever they wanted, where would that leave the Maison Gardiennage?
Enghiene: Waving weapons around like toys without a permit, you're lucky that the Gardemeks didn't treat you like an intruder!
Enghiene: Take a good look at yourself! You're practically a fake Fontainian. Do you seriously think us arresting you would be some grave miscarriage of justice?
Costentin: I've completely misjudged this whole thing! As a writer, I selected my source material poorly, and should have known better than to overlook the basic setting of the story... A complete dereliction of duty!
Traveler: We often investigate Domains on a whim...
Paimon: But it's been ages since we became adventurers, so there shouldn't be a problem, right?
Enghiene: Oh? It's you two! You're both A-listers!
Enghiene: Ahem, my name is Enghiene and I am a veteran member of the Gardes with years of experience out in the wilds. A short time ago, while patrolling nearby, I caught sight of this reckless fellow...
Enghiene: He explained the ins and outs of why he's been loitering around here, and showed me this strange Domain. He also informed me that the two of you were taking part in this "Blade Dance" of his.
Paimon: Eek!
Traveler: We had a "smashing" time in there.
Enghiene: Of course not! On the contrary, in light of the outstanding pluck and valor that the two of you have shown, I'd say you deserve a handsome reward!
Enghiene: Despite the recklessness of his "undeclared use of dangerous weaponry," all we're really talking about here is bringing this rascal in and giving him a verbal warning.
Enghiene: Not like he committed any major crimes, so of course he won't be punished too severely.
Costentin: Even if it's just a fine, I'm afraid that I have but little Mora to give you...
Paimon: Don't panic, don't panic!
Paimon: Though Costentin tends to exaggerate, he's certainly not a bad person... He's just mesmerized by the art and elegance of combat and wants to write a novel, that's all.
Enghiene: Do you hear that? The celebrities are interceding on your behalf... Don't let me catch you making the same mistake again, you reckless — albeit thoroughly decent — fellow!
Costentin: Next time, I guarantee you I'll do all the necessary preparation before I start another on-site investigation!
Enghiene: Anyway, I'll do things by the book and take him back to the Maison Gardiennage for a good tongue-lashing.
Enghiene: Another member of the Gardes will be over later to get this Domain properly cleaned up...
Enghiene: But with you two here, it doesn't really pose a danger anyway.
Enghiene: If you so desire, please feel free to carry on beating up the monsters inside... You'd be doing my colleague a huge favor!
Paimon: So... We're now a pair of knights in shining armor who've been doubly rewarded — not only by a sword novelist, but by the Maison Gardiennage too! All in all, not a bad little detour, eh?
Traveler: Are we under arrest too?
Traveler: ...and we've never had to declare anything before?