# Radiant Harvest: Cause and Effect

Augereau: "The expert panel has confirmed that the 'Violetglow Jellyfish' sold by the defendant has caused a significant negative impact on the local ecology, and seriously disrupted the normal activities of native underwater organisms."
Augereau: "...The evidence is conclusive, and the defendant has been declared guilty of the crime of ecological destruction."
Kesean: W—Wait... I really didn't know anything! I wasn't the one who released them!
Augereau: "...In light of the defendant's lack of conscious criminal intent, the defendant is hereby specially permitted to make amends for their crime."
Augereau: "If the defendant could retrieve all Violetglow Jellyfish within the designated waters within a certain time limit, certain sanctions may be waived."
Kesean: Retrieve!? How can I possibly do that? C—Could you please reconsider? Even a bigger fine would do...
Augereau: "...Please see the appendix for details on the time limit." ...Sir, there is no use in trying to negotiate with me. Furthermore, you are wasting your precious time trying to argue when you could be coming up with a retrieval plan instead.
Kesean: *sigh* Those people just bought jellyfish and released them everywhere. I'm no good at swimming... How am I supposed to retrieve them... I knew I shouldn't have sold them...
Augereau: The Gardes will continue to investigate those who released them without permission. But, in any case...
Augereau: You were the one who bred these jellyfish, and you were the one who sold them off the record. The one who failed to remind buyers not to release them was also you.
Augereau: Frankly speaking, this sentence is already quite generous.
Kesean: Ugh... I should have known better. I should've signed a disclaimer when I sold the jellyfish...
Augereau: Anyway, I hope you'll make use of this generous sentence and rectify the situation. I also hope that the next time we meet, it won't be in the Fortress of Meropide.
Black Screen Text: Kesean despondently watches Augereau leave...
Paimon: Whoa, are you alright? You look quite pale...
Traveler: What is this "Violetglow Jellyfish"?
Kesean: ...You guys heard all that? I'm sorry, but I don't have time to chat right now. I've got to put up a commission at the Adventurers' Guild or hire a diver...
Kesean: ...But putting up a commission takes time, and I don't know how to hire a diver... Argh!!! Am I really going to end up at the Fortress of Meropide?
Paimon: #Traveler, Paimon is smelling a business opportunity... no... an opportunity to help another person!
Traveler: So, you're looking for an adventurer?
Kesean: Yeah... Hang on, you... are you saying you're one?
Paimon: #Hehe! You've got just the right person. Traveler's the best diver among adventurers!
Traveler: And the best adventurer among divers.
Kesean: #Thank the heavens! Finally, a lucky break after ages of bad luck! Mr. Adventurer, please help me! Payment won't be an issue, I promise!
Traveler: Tell me what's going on exactly first.
Paimon: Yeah! We just saw you get charged with something... It wasn't anything serious, was it? If so, we ain't helpin'!
Kesean: No no, it was nothing of that sort... You see, I was trained as a researcher in biology, and during one of my recent experiments, I accidentally bred a batch of glowing jellyfish.
Kesean: They were originally meant to be disposed of after I finished my experiment, but I thought they looked rather pretty, so I thought I could sell them as pets for some quick mora...
Kesean: After all, those studying biology don't usually make much mora...
Paimon: Um... so did you end up making any mora?
Kesean: Well, doing business is certainly easier than doing biology... I did make some mora, but I also brought a lot of trouble upon myself.
Kesean: This was my first time in the pet biz, and I didn't think things through, especially when it came to buyers who bought pets just to release them...
Kesean: My guess is that they felt bad for these little creatures born in a lab, and released them as soon as they got their hands on them.
Kesean: Unfortunately, these jellyfish that I specially bred are incompatible with the local ecosystem, especially due to their tendency to gather and glow in clusters...
Kesean: ...They can easily change the amount of light available at different depths of the water, and disrupt the normal activities of other species, thereby impacting the ecological equilibrium...
Paimon: W—Wait, so they like gathering, and glowing, and can impact some kind of equilibrium... Can you put it in a simpler way?
Kesean: Oh, sorry about that. That's just a bad old habit of mine... You guys know of those fish species that are only active during the day or night, right?
Kesean: Well, the behavior of some underwater creatures is closely tied to the amount of light in the water, and as soon as an unnatural light source is brought into the equation, that behavior is easily disrupted...
Kesean: ...I used to have peers who did research on fishing with artificial lights...
Traveler: You're getting off track again.
Kesean: Ah... please excuse me. Long story short, the Gardes recently discovered an unusual glow in the waters at various places.
Kesean: After an investigation, they concluded that the glow were light released by clusters of Violetglow Jellyfish.
Kesean: Although I wasn't the one who released them, I was the one who sold them. They ordered me to clean this mess up, or at the very least, cut down the jellyfish's numbers to a safe level.
Kesean: I'm a researcher... How could I possibly get into the water? Thank goodness you showed up at the right moment. Otherwise, I would have been able to do nothing as this bad luck sent me to rock bottom...
Paimon: That does sound pretty unlucky... But you're not exactly innocent either...
Kesean: #...Mr. Adventurer, please help me! I'm willing to compensate you generously in return!
Paimon: #A generous compensation... Traveler, he seems to be trying to make up for his mistake. He's a good guy!
Traveler: ...Fine.
Kesean: Ahh, thank you so much! The Gardes are investigating the locations where the Violetglow Jellyfish were released. All you need to do is to go to each of the places, and catch as many of them as you can.
Kesean: Their range of activity is not large, and they don't move all that quickly, either...
Kesean: I believe that an ace diver like yourself should make quick work of them.
Kesean: It should be pretty easy to spot the jellyfish. Just follow the light and swim around for a bit, and you should be able to find them.
Kesean: I'll always be here, so if there's anything you're unsure of, feel free to come ask me... Uh, that is, if I haven't been taken away to the Fortress of Meropide already...
Traveler: What exactly do I need to do?
Traveler: Focus on the main points.
Traveler: So, you're looking for a diver?
Traveler: What is this "crime of ecological destruction"?