# Aren't Finches the Cutest?

Basima: Passing Travelers, I, Basima, Amurta researcher, beseech thee not to leave too hastily...
Basima: Please. Relax thy body, clear thy mind, and listen closely, for I have a matter of utmost importance to share with you—
Basima: Finches are the cutest!
Paimon: ?
Traveler: ?
Paimon: Finches are definitely cute... But Miss Basima, you're a researcher, right? You should know saying something like that without any qualifications can lead to serious arguments!
Paimon: Paimon thought that scholars spoke a bit more cautiously. Paimon would never say something like "Golden Shrimp Balls are the most delicious food!" if Paimon was a researcher.
Paimon: Paimon would qualify her statement! Like, "Among the Liyue cuisine Paimon's eaten lately, this is Paimon's favorite."
Traveler: But I'm willing to say this no matter what!
Paimon: #Wha— Traveler, that was really unexpected!
Paimon: Even if it's not a joke, you shouldn't be so loud...
Basima: Hahaha, now that's the spirit!
Basima: It is precisely because I am a researcher that I don't want my whole life to be like an academic debate, constantly worrying about the accuracy of every word that comes out of my mouth.
Basima: It's not like I'm under constant surveillance! Speaking carelessly won't get me punished, so why live in constant fear?
Basima: We should be brave, and shout out the most important feelings in our hearts as loud as we can for the world to hear!
Basima: Once you've tried my tabletop game "Bing-Bang Finchball", I'm sure you wouldn't hesitate to shout out "Finches are the cutest!"
Paimon: Bing-bang... Finchball? You mean those things on the table behind you?
Basima: That's right, once you've played, you'll see for yourself just how adorable finches are!
Basima: Also, as an official amusement venue of the Veluriyam Mirage, you'll be able to get rewards based on your score!
Paimon: She's made it sound so dramatic... but it worked! Paimon's getting really curious. Plus, there are rewards for playing!
Paimon: #What do you think, Traveler?
Traveler: Let's give it a go!
Basima: Hahaha, now you're getting it! Enjoy the game!
Traveler: Let's see just how cute finches really are!
Traveler: Paimon is the cutest!
Traveler: Period!