# Search Chronicle: Afterword

Ranjit: Thanks for your hard work over the last few days. We did deviate from our original goal, sure, but I for one have gained much from these experiences.
Traveler: It was quite the series of battles, yes.
Paimon: Gained much... Don't you mean you learned a lot of lessons?
Ranjit: That too, yes. Cultivating friendships is a long-term process, and you need to spend more time after making your pick, not like what we did this time...
Ranjit: Just like Natlan was once the land of ancient dragons, and is now a land where humans and Saurians put mutual trust in one another, becoming comrades who live side by side... I wonder how long that must've taken.
Ranjit: *sigh* I suppose I was too overeager. I thought we could gain their respect by beating them, which is why I picked such blunt methods.
Ranjit: If we had taken our time from the start... Perhaps feeding them every day and trying to get closer to them might have boosted our chances!
Paimon: That sounds reasonable enough until you remember that the targets you picked aren't your everyday dogs or cats.
Ranjit: True, true. They're more like the Saurians of Natlan — that is why I picked them, after all.
Ranjit: I imagine that my friends there would understand what an extraordinary thing I've done when I relate these experiences to them.
Paimon: Paimon still doesn't see the similarities — the Primo Geovishap aside — but you do you.
Ranjit: Hmm? The others were quite similar too. The colors, for example...
Paimon: If that's where you're headed, then Slimes would also be similar enough, no?
Ranjit: I see where you're coming from. They are both elemental creatures... Perhaps Slimes do have the potential to become Saurians...
Ranjit: Does that mean that I should try making friends with Slimes first?
Traveler: This plan's suddenly looking very scaled down.
Paimon: It feels much more doable now, too.
Ranjit: Haha, still, I won't know till I try!
Ranjit: Thank you two so much for your help. With any luck, I'll have gained a comrade or two for my adventures, enough to qualify as the "protagonist" of my very own tale.
Ranjit: Have a pleasant journey!
Traveler: Slimes would be a safer option, if nothing else.
Paimon: It's all relative, though. We often see newbie adventurers and ordinary passers-by rendered immobile by Slimes who've surrounded them.
Traveler: I feel like the opponents you picked were especially tough...