# A Toast to Victory


## Talk 1

Collei: #Good morning, {NICKNAME}! Looks like you're awake.
Paimon: Yep yep!
Traveler: Good morning, Collei.
Collei: I prepared some breakfast today. Please have a taste! I hope you'll like it.
Paimon: It's nice to have you here so we can eat something yummy!
Collei: Well, now that I've recovered from Eleazar, I'm feeling better than ever. I can even prepare four or five meals a day now!
Paimon: And Paimon bets they're all delicious!
Black Screen Text: You enjoy a yummy breakfast with Collei, who's been waiting for you...
Collei: #Oh, by the way, {NICKNAME}, someone brought a letter for you after you went to sleep last night.
Traveler: Paimon hasn't already read it?
Paimon: Nope, Paimon wanted to read the letter with you after you woke up, so Paimon didn't open it. Alright, let's read it now!
Paimon: Oh, it's from Nilou.
Paimon: Ahem~ "We're going to hold a feast at the Grand Bazaar and celebrate Cyno's reinstatement as the General Mahamatra!"
Paimon: "As heroes of Sumeru, please be sure to attend. I'll wait for you." The date of the banquet is written on the back... It's in two days.
Collei: Oh, I've also heard that you've become heroes here as well. That's amazing!
Traveler: It's really not that amazing.
Collei: Everyone's aware of your abilities, there's no need to be modest.
Paimon: Anyway, let's go to the Grand Bazaar to have a look!
Collei: Oh, before you leave, be sure to inform Master Tighnari.
Traveler: We were just doing our part.
Collei: Sometimes I'm really envious of strong and confident people like you.
Traveler: But you're amazing too, Collei.
Collei: Oh, you're embarrassing me... Hehe.

## Talk 2

Paimon: Today's the big day! Let's go to the Grand Bazaar and see how the celebration's coming along.

## Talk 3

Paimon: Tighnari~!
Tighnari: Good morning. How do you feel today?
Paimon: We feel much better. How about you?
Traveler: How's your wound, Tighnari?
Tighnari: I'm recovering well, thanks for asking.
Paimon: But from the looks of it, you seem to be already busy with work again.
Tighnari: It's fine, I'm not that busy, really.
Tighnari: The Eleazar patients have recovered, as well as Haypasia. For now, I only need to tend to my Forest Watcher duties.
Paimon: It seems once Irminsul started getting better, everything else started to recover, too!
Tighnari: Yes, but there are still some residual effects.
Tighnari: The Withering is one example. Though it won't spread anymore, the existing zones won't just disappear. We Forest Rangers will still need to do the work.
Traveler: I appreciate that's a lot to ask.
Paimon: By the way, we have some good news. Cyno got his position back!
Tighnari: Heh, this news is hardly new. He had already mentioned it to me before.
Paimon: Huh? You mean he was already here? Why didn't he come say hi to us...?
Tighnari: He visited once, but he was afraid of disturbing you while you were resting. He just asked me a few questions and left.
Paimon: Then you probably already know all about the celebration feast!
Tighnari: Celebration feast? No, I haven't heard anything about that.
Paimon: Huh... But didn't Nilou say in her letter that they would celebrate Cyno? He didn't tell you?
Tighnari: Hmm, perhaps... or, alternatively, he doesn't know about it, either.
Paimon: Uh... Come to think of it, Cyno doesn't seem like the type who'd enjoy a celebration feast.
Traveler: I guess Nilou's only planning on telling him once festivities are underway.
Paimon: You and Collei are both Cyno's close friends. Why don't you come to the feast with us?
Tighnari: Collei has taken over some of my tasks these days. I don't think she'll have time for it... not to mention me.
Tighnari: You see, some "VIPs" have come to the forest recently.
Paimon: Huh? VIPs? Very important Paimons?
Tighnari: Well, technically speaking, they are former VIPs. The sages involved in recent incidents have begun their training in the Avidya Forest, and the people they had previously imprisoned have all been released.
Paimon: Huh!?
Traveler: Is your master all right?
Tighnari: Yes. He's a little weak, but he isn't injured and his condition is stable.
Tighnari: Lesser Lord Kusanali in her boundless mercy has decided to spare Azar and the other wrongdoers. Supposedly, they were ashamed of their shallow ideologies, and have decided to dedicate the rest of their lives to cultivating wisdom in the Avidya Forest.
Tighnari: When they learned that Lesser Lord Kusanali had defeated The Balladeer and saved Irminsul, they were shocked at first, but also became happy, feeling that the sacred light guiding them on the path of discovering wisdom had begun to shine once again.
Tighnari: As a result, work has increased for the Forest Rangers.
Paimon: That sounds really exhausting...
Tighnari: There's nothing we can do, really...
Tighnari: But that's another topic. Back to the matter at hand — are you two planning to head out?
Paimon: Ah, right! We're here to request permission to head out. Would that be... okay?
Tighnari: You've recovered well. You may go, but be careful.
Paimon: Yay! Will do!

## Talk 4

Sheikh Zubayr: ...Well, there won't be any problems if the feast starts at that time. Everything has already been prepared.
Nilou: Mr. Zubayr, I've finished tallying things up here! Well, except for the guests...
Sheikh Zubayr: *sigh* Is a simple reply really that much to ask of our guests? It's affecting our arrangements.
Hushang: It'll be fine... Besides, it never hurts to get things ready in advance.
Nilou: Haha. I was thinking the same thing. The feast will be held sooner or later, right?
Paimon: Hey, Nilou~!
Nilou: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon!
Paimon: We got your letter, so here we are!
Nilou: You're the best. The other guests haven't even replied yet...
Paimon: Huh? Are we the only ones that have arrived?
Nilou: Yeah, I had someone deliver letters to all of our guests, but maybe everyone is still busy with other things.
Sheikh Zubayr: Look, I get it, Sumeru is in an extremely important period of transition right now, but even if your friends are important figures, they shouldn't just ignore your request like this.
Sheikh Zubayr: Nilou is Sumeru's number one celebrity, after all.
Traveler: Of course, you're right.
Sheikh Zubayr: Hehe, you have no idea how happy I am to talk to people with good taste.
Paimon: If you consider enjoying Nilou's dance as having good taste, then almost everybody has good taste!
Paimon: Because Paimon thinks everybody will love her performance.
Hushang: That's right! We all think she's amazing, too.
Hushang: Nilou is an absolute favorite among those of us who frequent the Grand Bazaar. For outlanders, you have a great eye!
Hushang: Master Zubayr, let's have a vote for the most outstanding audience members next time. I think these two may win!
Sheikh Zubayr: Nonsense. It is not for us to determine the value of an audience.
Sheikh Zubayr: But indeed, we could try giving gifts to people with particularly good taste... I heard there's a device in Fontaine called a "Kamera" that can record people's appearances as pictures. Such pictures would make superb gifts...
Hushang: Ooh, good idea! I wonder where we can find one...
Nilou: Haha, you guys are so funny. There's really no need for that. I'm satisfied just being able to perform here.
Paimon: There's always a lot going on at the Grand Bazaar.
Nilou: Yeah, and that's why I love it here.
Nilou: #{NICKNAME} and Paimon, could you help confirm if the letters were actually delivered?
Nilou: If for some reason they didn't receive the letters, then please tell everyone that there will be a feast here!
Traveler: Okay, we'll go around and check.
Paimon: Yeah, we can also check out how everything in Sumeru is going now.
Traveler: Do you know where everybody is?
Nilou: Hmm... When I wrote the letters, I heard that Dehya was in Port Ormos, and Alhaitham was at the Akademiya.
Nilou: As for Cyno, we've only heard that he appears at the Akademiya from time to time...
Nilou: I'm not too sure about Rahman's whereabouts. My guess is that he's with Dehya.
Nilou: As for Dunyarzad, I just hope she's feeling better... I sent her a letter, but I was afraid of disturbing her. If you have time, please ask about her for me.
Paimon: #Okay, got it. Let's go, {NICKNAME}!

## Talk 5

Paimon: Hmm... we haven't seen Alhaitham anywhere. Let's ask that person over there.
Paimon: Ahem, hey there! Have you seen Alhaitham around?
Geoff: Yes, it seems Scribe Alhaitham has gone to the House of Daena. You should be able to find him there.
Geoff: But, you're already the second group of people I've seen looking for him today. He must be quite the busy man.
Paimon: Oh? Who else was looking for him?
Geoff: Mr. Kaveh was just here asking about him. You wouldn't believe how terrible their relationship is... and now you two are here...
Geoff: Don't tell me everyone's here looking for gossip about the sages?
Traveler: No, not at all.
Paimon: No way, we're strictly here on business!
Geoff: *ahem* Ah, I see. Sorry, I thought maybe everyone's as interested in rumors about the sages as I am...

## Talk 6

Paimon: Alhaitham should be around here somewhere, right?
Paimon: Oh, he's over there! But it looks like he might not have time for us...
Traveler: He's already talking with someone else.
Kaveh: Just put down that worthless book and tell me what happened in the Akademiya.
Alhaitham: This is not just some worthless book. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a physical book like this in Sumeru?
Kaveh: It doesn't matter, it's probably just another thing that you used your authority to get your hands on anyway. Just put it aside. Listen, I came back today only to hear that the sages have disappeared!
Alhaitham: Oh? You sound surprised. I thought you would already know the inside story.
Kaveh: Would I be here asking you if I knew? You're the Scribe, not me. So just tell me what you know already!
Alhaitham: Well, I almost became a sage.
Kaveh: Huh?
Alhaitham: Don't sound too surprised now. You're the renowned Kaveh, light of the Kshahrewar. Besides, as a master builder and craftsman, chances are you'll be appointed as a sage, too.
Kaveh: ...Hmph. Why do I feel like you don't really mean it?
Alhaitham: Hmph, what makes you say that? Why would you question my heartfelt sincerity?
Kaveh: Maybe it's because you've never said anything good about me before.
Alhaitham: Yeah, well, I share a similar sentiment. And anyone who knows you as well as I do would surely do the same.
Kaveh: Ugh, you...!
Kaveh: See!? This is why I hate discussing anything with you. Your ridiculous and arrogant attitude always gets in the way!
Alhaitham: Hm, it seems that you really can't stand my personality.
Kaveh: Hah, what was your first clue?
Alhaitham: Well, then you might as well move out of my house.
Kaveh: Are you threatening me? Stooping to a new low, I see!
Kaveh: Ugh, and don't change the subject. You? A sage? What a joke. The Akademiya might as well just close tomorrow!
Paimon: ...Are they... having a fight...?
Traveler: Let's see how this plays out. We're not in a rush, anyway...
Alhaitham: Forget what's going on with the Akademiya, haven't you been busy with your construction project? Tell me, when are you going to build yourself a mansion?
Kaveh: Don't get me started... I get angry just thinking about it.
Alhaitham: So, what great building did our master architect work on this time?
Kaveh: Like I need to tell you! Keep your nose out of my business.
Alhaitham: No, I think we deserve to know. Where were you when Sumeru needed you most?
Kaveh: I was in the desert for a large project, but considering Haravatat's utter ignorance of architectural and aesthetic matters, you probably wouldn't understand.
Kaveh: Which is truly unfortunate! I can only pity the man who doesn't understand the first thing about beauty and romance. Unlike a true...
Kaveh: Hold on, wait a second, what do you mean by "when Sumeru needed me most"?
Alhaitham: Well, while you were out fiddling around in the desert, many people came together to save Sumeru from a crisis.
Kaveh: Hah, and you think I'd believe that?
Alhaitham: Look, all you really need to know is that Azar and all his accomplices have all been overthrown.
Kaveh: Huh? What nonsense are you talking about?
Alhaitham: It's no skin off my nose if you don't believe me. It's not like my Darshan was the one trying to apply for funding from the Grand Sage. Yours, though, on the other hand...
Kaveh: You know what? I'll ask around! I'm sure someone knows what's going on here. You're dead if I find out you're lying to me.

## Talk 7

Paimon: Hey, Alhaitham!
Alhaitham: Oh, it's you two. What's the matter?
Paimon: We're running some errands for Nilou. Have you received her letter?
Alhaitham: Letter?
Paimon: Nilou said she sent out a letter inviting everyone to a celebration feast in two days at the Grand Bazaar. We'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra.
Alhaitham: If she addressed the letter to "Alhaitham of the Akademiya," then the letter should have gone to my office.
Alhaitham: I've been busy these days, so I haven't had time to check for any new mail at my office. I only now have some free time to attend to personal matters.
Paimon: Have you always been so busy with your work?
Alhaitham: Of course not. I'm only busy these days because several sages have been dismissed recently, and the whole Akademiya was practically turned upside down.
Paimon: Tighnari told us they all went to train in the Avidya Forest. Apparently they'll spend the rest of their lives there.
Alhaitham: That is already the best possible ending for the likes of them.
Alhaitham: Four of the Six Great Sages were possessed by their desire for power and attempted to create a new god. In order to pull it off, they even imprisoned the other two rational sages. To imagine such things could take place in the Akademiya... I don't know where to begin...
Traveler: "The Six Great Sages"... sounds pretty powerful.
Paimon: Yeah, you're right. Huh, it feels kinda strange to hear them called that after all this time... But then again, the "Six Great Schools" sounded pretty impressive, too.
Alhaitham: Yes, at least that's how they're supposed to sound.
Alhaitham: It's said that when the Akademiya was first founded, the Dendro Archon herself established the Six Great Schools, each representing one of the six different types of wisdom.
Alhaitham: Numerous Darshans have sprung up and faded. Only the Six Darshans, attaching themselves to the Six Great Schools, have stood the test of time and obtained permanent seats in the Akademiya.
Alhaitham: Now, the Six Darshans are nearly synonymous with the Six Great Schools, and the leaders selected for the schools are the Six Great Sages.
Alhaitham: Among the Six Great Sages there is one central leader, the Grand Sage.
Alhaitham: Unfortunately, only the sages from Vahumana and Amurta remain now. They were imprisoned for opposing Azar and were only rescued after Azar's downfall.
Paimon: So who's managing things in the other four schools now? Do they need to find someone new?
Alhaitham: Yes. Normally, new sages are selected based on a strict set of criteria.
Paimon: Oh, didn't you just say something about becoming a sage? If they pick you, then we'd have a huge connection in Sumeru!
Traveler: Paimon has a point!
Alhaitham: Yes, about that... *ahem* You didn't let me finish my sentence.
Alhaitham: The person in charge of personnel affairs nominated me to be the Grand Sage in place of Azar and help Lesser Lord Kusanali manage the Akademiya, but... I refused.
Paimon: Huh!? But... Why!? Ugh, can't you be a little more ambitious?
Alhaitham: I'm not even interested in being one of the Six Great Sages. Like I said before, I don't like being a leader.
Paimon: Oh, all right. So are you busy these days trying to find others to take the job?
Alhaitham: That's not my job, either. I'm only responsible for handling important affairs within the Akademiya before the new sages take office.
Traveler: So you're still a leader now, even if it's just temporary.
Alhaitham: Hah, and the first thing I'll do is reject Kshahrewar's application for funding.
Paimon: By the way, who was that other person just now? Is he your friend?
Alhaitham: Do we look like friends?
Paimon: Paimon doesn't know! That's why Paimon's asking!
Alhaitham: His name is Kaveh, my roommate. You could say he's the representative for Kshahrewar scholars.
Traveler: He didn't seem to believe a word you told him.
Alhaitham: Which is exactly why he always has so many problems.
Paimon: So everything that's happened recently must be a huge change for the people of Sumeru...
Traveler: Thanks for your hard work these days.
Alhaitham: Such is the work of the Akademiya Scribe.
Paimon: Well anyway, no matter how busy you are, since you were our planner, remember to attend the celebration feast in two days!
Alhaitham: All right, I'll see you there.

## Talk 8

Alhaitham: The House of Daena is the last quiet place in the whole Akademiya now. I was originally planning to stay here a little longer...
Alhaitham: But there's a chance that Kaveh might show up again... Tch, what a nuisance. I'd better go somewhere else.

## Talk 9

Paimon: This is Port Ormos, now where could Dehya be...?
Dunyarzad: Is that Paimon I hear?
Paimon: Huh?
Dunyarzad: It's been a while, how are you doing?
Paimon: Dunyarzad! It's been so long since we've seen you!
Traveler: We're good. How about you?
Dunyarzad: I'm doing well. I can go as far as saying I've never been happier in my entire life!
Dunyarzad: I don't know if you've heard, but Eleazar has completely disappeared, and all the patients have recovered.
Dehya: You kidding? Knowing them and the connections they've got, I'm sure they've heard about it.
Paimon: Dehya!
Traveler: Didn't expect to see you here.
Dehya: That's right. My lady is feeling better now, so I'm accompanying her for a walk.
Dunyarzad: Why do you still call me that, Dehya? You've already informed my father of your resignation.
Dehya: Haha, I guess I'm just used to calling you "my lady." Old habits die hard.
Paimon: Resignation? You mean you're quitting?
Dehya: Yeah, I might start losing my edge if I keep being a bodyguard for the Homayanis.
Dunyarzad: You know that my parents and I are fond of you and that we appreciate you very much. It wouldn't be a problem if you wished to continue to be our bodyguard.
Dehya: Heh, I'm not a woman that's easily persuaded. You should know that by now, my lady.
Dehya: When I took this job, I had already decided that I'd quit as soon as you recovered. It's time for me to get back out there and chase that horizon.
Paimon: So what're you gonna do now if you're not gonna be a bodyguard anymore?
Dehya: I want to take a risky job and put my body to the test again.
Paimon: Huh? But we literally just finished one of the most dangerous jobs ever. Are you getting bored already?
Dehya: I know. If I hadn't joined in that plan with you, I wouldn't have come up with this idea.
Dehya: I guess I still get fired up by that feeling of going all-out in a fight... It made me realize that I'm still a mercenary through and through.
Dehya: Life is short, and I'm happy I got to be a part of that operation.
Dehya: But the whole thing also made me realize that there are still many problems in Sumeru, and as a desert-dweller, I'm still not completely ready to settle down on this side of the wall.
Dunyarzad: Well, I remember a friend had someone bring you a message...
Dehya: You mean Alhaitham? Haha, I didn't expect him to still remember that. I thought he was joking.
Paimon: We just came from talking with Alhaitham at the Akademiya.
Dehya: Did he tell you that he suggested that I come work at the Akademiya?
Paimon: ...What!?
Traveler: We didn't hear anything about that.
Dehya: I heard that Azar and his cronies fell from power, and Alhaitham told me that now was a good time to find a job in the Akademiya, but only if I wanted to.
Paimon: Whoa... Paimon can't see you being anything other than a mercenary.
Dunyarzad: Hehe, me neither. But I think Dehya would look great dressed up as a scholar.
Dehya: Bleh, forget about it. I wouldn't last ten seconds in there...
Dehya: Alhaitham probably just liked the way I worked and knew I'm good in a fight, so he suggested I find some work in the Akademiya.
Paimon: But you know, if you take him up on the offer, Cyno might actually agree and let you become a matra.
Paimon: Because you're super amazing!
Dehya: Haha. The matra have all the talent they need as long as they have Cyno. I prefer to be free to live however I choose.
Dehya: In fact, I chose this job from the very start because I knew it'd be right up my alley.
Dunyarzad: ...Even if being a mercenary means facing all kinds of danger?
Dehya: A lion has to return to the wild sooner or later. If anything, being your bodyguard has been unfamiliar territory for me.
Dunyarzad: I don't want to see you go... But I'll respect your decision.
Dehya: I'm glad to hear you say that.
Dehya: C'mon, no need for the sad face, it's not like we'll never meet again.
Traveler: I guess being free is just a part of how Dehya operates.
Dehya: Once the whole Dendro Archon thing has settled, everything in Sumeru will take a turn for the better. That makes me happy, too.
Dehya: But a peaceful society will probably mean less demand for mercenaries like me. Before long, we'll be a dying breed, so I'd better get to work while I still can.
Paimon: Huh? But wait a second, you make it sound like you're leaving now!
Dehya: Well, no... not yet, at least. I promised my lady that I'd stick around until next week.
Paimon: So have you been in Port Ormos this entire time? We were wondering if you had received a letter from Nilou.
Dunyarzad: Oh, did Nilou write to us?
Paimon: She heard that you were seen in Port Ormos, so she sent the letter here.
Dehya: It was probably sent to the inn that we're staying at.
Dehya: My lady has been very energetic lately and keeps taking me on hikes, staying out even into the night. By the time we get back, the receptionist is usually off napping on the job.
Dunyarzad: Right, and we tend to leave quite early in the mornings, so the old man on duty is also usually dozing off...
Paimon: So what it really sounds like is that the person on duty is always asleep.
Dehya: I bet the letter's at the reception desk. I'll go check later.
Paimon: No wonder there wasn't a reply, you never received the letter. Good thing Nilou asked us to come and check on that.
Dehya: Ah, sorry to make you two come all the way out here.
Dunyarzad: It must be something important for Nilou to specifically write to us like that.
Paimon: Yes, she said they're preparing a victory feast in the Grand Bazaar, and we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra. She was hoping you could come.
Dunyarzad: Great. I'll be sure to attend!
Dehya: Count me in, too. But is there some sort of dress code or anything for the feast? Can I just show up looking like this?
Dunyarzad: Since it's being organized by Nilou, I don't think she'll be too picky about that. If anything, I think she'd want to see us as our most natural selves.
Dehya: Alright, then this is how I'll show up.
Paimon: The feast will be held in two days, so don't forget!
Dehya: Sure.
Dunyarzad: Thank you so much for letting us know. We'll see you there!
Paimon: Oh, by the way, do you happen to know where Cyno and Rahman are?
Dehya: The General Mahamatra always comes and goes without a trace. Normally, no one knows his whereabouts.
Paimon: Oh...
Dehya: But last time we met, he mentioned he had something to do in Aaru Village. You can try your luck there.
Dehya: As for Rahman, your guess is as good as mine. I only remember he said that he had something to discuss with Cyno... You can ask Cyno when you meet him.
Traveler: Thanks, Dehya.
Dehya: Don't mention it. You'd better get going.
Paimon: Alright, on to our next stop!

## Talk 10

Paimon: It's been a while since we last visited Aaru Village.
Paimon: Ah, there's Cyno!
Cyno: ...
Traveler: It's been a while.
Cyno: What brings you here?
Paimon: We recovered well, and Tighnari agreed to let us leave, so now we're out and about again!
Cyno: It seems Gandharva Ville's medical treatment is still as good as ever.
Paimon: Mm-hmm, and Tighnari is recovering well, too.
Cyno: That's good to hear.
Traveler: Thank you for taking us to him.
Paimon: Yeah, you're the one who brought us to him when we lost consciousness, right? Thanks for that!
Cyno: You're welcome. Tighnari has excellent medical skills, and Collei is quite attentive. It was the best place for you.
Paimon: But why are you just standing here like a dead tree?
Cyno: I'm meeting some people.
Paimon: Oh, you mean Candace?
Cyno: I've already talked with Candace and the village chief. They're still at the usual place. You can go there if you'd like to see them.
Cyno: But you know one of the people I'm meeting as well.
Rahman: Oh? By King Deshret's blessing, my friend suddenly appears in the desert. Don't tell me you've run into trouble and need us to help now.
Paimon: Rahman! And... huh? Setaria?
Setaria: Oh? You... know me?
Paimon: Uh, well... You're pretty famous in the Akademiya.
Rahman: Don't worry, these are our friends. No need to be so guarded.
Setaria: ...I see.
Traveler: How have you been doing lately?
Rahman: I'm doing well. Many good things have happened recently.
Setaria: Same here. Really, I feel that my whole life has started to shine after suddenly finding a new direction.
Paimon: Oh, tell us everything!
Rahman: Yeah, you go ahead!
Setaria: Alright, well I suppose I should start by saying...
Setaria: I've decided to leave the Akademiya.
Paimon: What!?
Traveler: You're not going to be a scholar anymore?
Setaria: It's not that I've given up on being a scholar... Instead, you could say I've found a new identity.
Setaria: I will no longer pursue research like a typical scholar, but I have not completely given up on my relationship to knowledge either.
Rahman: Haha, I can see what you're saying now.
Paimon: Uh, what do you mean?
Setaria: I plan to leave the Akademiya and return to teach here in the desert.
Paimon: Wow, so you want to become a teacher?
Rahman: Setaria will return to support education here and teach people from the desert.
Rahman: She can't teach everyone on her own, but there are many of us Eremites all over Sumeru. She came to discuss a collaboration with me and hoped that I could bring her ideas to the Eremites.
Setaria: Yes, it's my hope that the Eremites can help me select a group of smart people with the best aptitude for teaching. I'll teach them, and after they've finished learning from me, they can go educate more people.
Setaria: That is the true meaning of education and spreading of knowledge.
Rahman: The people of King Deshret suffer from sandstorms, exile, and ignorance. Miss Setaria is more than welcome to come teach here. Her arrival is like a star shining in the desert night.
Rahman: The stars have always guided caravans, thieves, soldiers, and travelers who get lost in the night. They lead those in the dark out of trouble and back to safety.
Setaria: Oh please, where's all of this coming from? I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed...
Rahman: You deserve these compliments. Mercenaries are accustomed to danger and don't fear death, which is why we recognize extraordinary actions that common people would easily overlook.
Cyno: Setaria's idea will bring much good to many people.
Setaria: At first, I feared it was destined to fail... Everyone knows that the Akademiya doesn't allow scholars to teach in the desert without permission.
Setaria: As you know, all knowledge is under their surveillance and control, and very few desert-dwellers are as lucky as me...
Setaria: But what I heard at that time has been haunting my heart, as if there were lightning bolts constantly bombarding my soul.
Setaria: "Setaria, you tread a treacherous path, and the longer you ignore it, the tighter the Akademiya's grasp on you will become..."
Setaria: "Setaria, why haven't you gone home?" "Never forget that the desert that belongs to you lies elsewhere."
Rahman: Miss...
Setaria: These words sparked something in me, and I knew that I had to bring something back to my people after going home.
Setaria: I gathered up the courage to approach the Grand Sage, only to find that he was no longer at the Akademiya. Lord Cyno told me that Azar didn't belong there anymore.
Cyno: Azar has received much-needed punishment, though if you ask me, it may have been too light... *sigh* You probably have already heard.
Traveler: Yeah, we heard.
Setaria: Lord Cyno helped me obtain permission to leave the Akademiya for the desert, and accompanied me here to discuss collaboration with members of the Eremites.
Setaria: My plan was able to go smoothly thanks to him and Rahman.
Paimon: You're all doing so much for the desert!
Rahman: Aside from that, I also have some other business to discuss with Cyno.
Cyno: Lesser Lord Kusanali has allocated many resources to support and develop the desert. I've done some business for her, and part of it required the assistance of the Eremites.
Cyno: I applied for a few batches of educational materials from the Akademiya and sent them to several groups in the desert, as instructed by Lesser Lord Kusanali. I believe the people will make good use of them.
Rahman: That's exactly what the people here need. Physical books and other related items... If it weren't for Cyno and Lesser Lord Kusanali, I'm afraid we'd never be able to get our hands on them.
Cyno: Apart from this, the Akademiya is also recruiting scholars that are willing to teach in the desert. I'll let you and Setaria know as soon as I have any more news.
Cyno: We must be persistent about this and maintain these resources to ensure long-term effectiveness.
Rahman: This is the first time in hundreds of years we've had a glimmer of hope. I think this may be the turning point for the desert.
Rahman: Remember these words? "Here lies our faithful priest, Kasala. His wisdom is a miracle among the people, deserving of high praise and admiration."
Rahman: I hope people with wisdom like that priest will rise again among the desert-dwellers... then we'll once again see the wisdom and glory that once shook the world.
Setaria: Enough about us, are you here to discuss some business, too?
Paimon: No, not at all! We're actually here on behalf of Nilou.
Paimon: Nilou wanted to write to everyone, but she wasn't sure where the letters should be sent, so she asked us to come find everyone personally.
Paimon: A celebration feast will be held in two days at the Grand Bazaar. She hopes that all of you would be able to attend.
Paimon: At the feast, we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra!
Paimon: Although uh, judging from your appearance, it seems you've already been reinstated... Paimon thought you would only start working for the Akademiya after the feast.
Cyno: Celebration... feast?
Traveler: Oh? So you really didn't know?
Cyno: It's the first I've heard of it.
Paimon: Tighnari was right, he really didn't know...
Rahman: Hahaha, this feast is for you, Cyno. Sounds to me like you'll have to be there.
Cyno: ...
Setaria: It's rare to see that kind of expression from Lord Cyno... You must not like feasts very much.
Cyno: No, not really, but I'll go.
Traveler: You two are invited as well!
Rahman: I still have a lot to handle here. Besides, I need to look after Miss Setaria in the desert, so I'll have to pass.
Setaria: I'm afraid I won't be able to join you. Although, if you'd be so kind... please give a message to Miss Nilou for me.
Setaria: ...The message is...
Setaria: "I'm sorry for how I treated you before, but now I understand the beauty of your dance. It's like a light shining in the sky."
Setaria: "You and the art you symbolize are not only beautiful, but also lively and powerful, so much so that it was prohibited."
Setaria: "Please keep dancing, and someday, I'll be able to appreciate your art in person."
Paimon: Okay, we've got all that down!
Traveler: We'll be sure to give the message to Nilou.
Paimon: Our job here is complete as well. Cyno, remember, party's in two days! Make sure you're there!
Cyno: Got it.

## Talk 11

Hushang: I'll go to the Adventurers' Guild later and ask Miss Katheryne if she knows how to get one of those Kameras.
Sheikh Zubayr: Yes, please do. I'm sure the audience would be thrilled at the chance of receiving commemorative gifts.
Sheikh Zubayr: It could be our special surprise that we prepare for everyone.
Nilou: I think it's an amazing idea! Who knows, if we take more pictures, they might even become the signature souvenir of the Grand Bazaar.
Hushang: And Nilou will become even more famous, haha! It won't be long till people are fighting for front row at your performances.
Sheikh Zubayr: I've heard that this Kamera is not just something anyone can use as they please. It must be aimed properly and subjects should pose for the best results.
Nilou: Ah, should we get ready then? Perhaps we should wear something a little more appropriate...
Hushang: No, no, I think we look absolutely fine! If anything, when we pose for this... uh, clever invention, we should just be ourselves, hm?
Sheikh Zubayr: You really think so...?

## Talk 12

Paimon: Everybody's already here. Looks like we're the last ones to arrive.
Cyno: You're here.
Nilou: Ah, there you are!
Traveler: Good evening.
Dehya: Well, look who finally decided to show up.
Dunyarzad: You look like you came here immediately after finishing up some work. I'm very happy to see you here!
Paimon: But we're not late, are we? It's just that everyone else arrived ahead of time!
Alhaitham: I propose that the last one who arrived be put in charge of today's speeches.
Dehya: Nah, there won't be any speeches today.
Alhaitham: Oh really? Well, even better.
Nilou: Come join us over here! Let's share some great food and drinks, and chat about all sorts of fun things.
Cyno: Everything looks quite good.
Paimon: #Wow... Paimon can't wait! {NICKNAME}, just look at all the delicious food here!
Black Screen Text: The feast and celebration of the General Mahamatra in the Grand Bazaar goes as planned. Drinks are flowing, the food is delicious, and the venue is beautifully arranged.
Black Screen Text: Everybody eats and drinks before enjoying the performance prepared by Nilou and everyone in the Grand Bazaar...
Black Screen Text: Time passes gradually in the wonderful atmosphere, and the beautiful evening feels almost like a dream.
Paimon: Whoa~! It's so delicious! Oh~! This grilled meat tastes amazing!
Nilou: The food was specially prepared for you by everyone in the Grand Bazaar, and we have gifts that were sent by the residents of Sumeru City when they heard we were holding a feast.
Nilou: Everyone that came said that you saved Sumeru, and wanted me to thank you all on their behalf.
Dehya: Feels kinda nice to be seen as a hero. I could get used to this.
Dunyarzad: Being a bodyguard is also a hero's job! You've always been amazing, Dehya.
Dehya: Haha, my lady sure has a way with words. Thanks, I'm glad to hear it!
Dunyarzad: And I'm happy to meet everyone that participated in the great plan.
Cyno: Don't mention it.
Paimon: Come to think of it, we've really done something impressive together... It's unbelievable!
Alhaitham: We owe it to our abilities... and luck.
Dehya: Really? Why do I remember everybody thinking that luck was against us and feeling like we hardly had a chance of succeeding?
Cyno: That's how I remember it, too.
Alhaitham: It's luck that brought us together and it was luck that let us form a team. Then it took even more luck for us to formulate a plan and implement it successfully.
Alhaitham: Moreover, judging from the results, everything worked out well.
Nilou: Yeah, everyone gave it their all when it mattered most.
Nilou: It was almost like a performance. We took the stage and put on our best show.
Nilou: Everyone played their part, and thanks to everyone's efforts, the performance was a great success.
Paimon: So would you say we're good actors too?
Traveler: That's one more talent under our belt.
Nilou: It's such a blessing that Lesser Lord Kusanali was able to return to power at the Akademiya.
Dunyarzad: Yes! Even after being abandoned and neglected so many times, she has finally returned.
Traveler: Return to the Akademiya? Abandoned and neglected...?
Dunyarzad: Mm-hmm, Lesser Lord Kusanali once used all her power in a great disaster, which resulted in her losing all of her wisdom and memories of the past. The Akademiya basically abandoned her because of it.
Dunyarzad: This should be something everybody should remember... Huh, you look surprised... I didn't say anything wrong, did I?
Alhaitham: No, everything you said is correct.
Dunyarzad: Whew, that's good.
Cyno: Something wrong?
Paimon: #Yeah {NICKNAME}, what's with that face? You knew all of this already!
Traveler: Don't mind me, my... my mind was elsewhere.
Dehya: *ahem* Even if those two giants of the Akademiya are here, I still have to say it...
Dehya: Those sages really have some nerve. Five hundred years ago, Lesser Lord Kusanali used all her power for the people of Sumeru, and what did they do in return?
Traveler: (It seems that after everyone forgot Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, their understanding of Sumeru's history also changed...)
Traveler: (Now everyone believes that Lesser Lord Kusanali has been Sumeru's archon all along.)
Traveler: (Maybe I'm the only one in all of Teyvat who remembers that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata ever existed.)
Traveler: (As the witness of all that happened, I shall respect her choice and keep the secret for her.)
Dehya: If you bite the hand that feeds you, then don't act surprised when it turns into a knuckle sandwich, right, Cyno?
Cyno: Perhaps I shouldn't say this, but their treatment of Lesser Lord Kusanali calls for a more severe punishment.
Alhaitham: You could simply tell Lesser Lord Kusanali that you wish to have Azar and his accomplices severely punished.
Cyno: ...I respect our deity's decision, and won't interfere in any way.
Cyno: While we're on this topic, why didn't you accept the Akademiya's invitation to become the Grand Sage?
Alhaitham: Are you trying to say that I'm fit to be a sage?
Cyno: Heh, not at all, but every person handling the selection process has said that you are the most suitable candidate to lead the Akademiya right now.
Dehya: Why? Because he dethroned Azar from power?
Alhaitham: *ahem* Could you try to put it another way? This is a good thing, yet you're making it sound like I overthrew Azar for my own personal gain.
Dehya: But seriously though, I always wondered if you had some personal motives behind it.
Alhaitham: I did have my own motive, but it had nothing to do with being a sage.
Alhaitham: If the rules of our nation were suddenly cast by the wayside, then it wouldn't be long until chaos ensued. I had no intention of letting their dreams disrupt my life.
Dehya: By that, you mean your life working as the Akademiya's Scribe?
Alhaitham: Precisely.
Nilou: Huh? Wait, is that all?
Paimon: So that's the only reason why you joined us and came up with all those plans?
Alhaitham: It's reason enough.
Dunyarzad: You've certainly got quite the personality...
Alhaitham: You flatter me.
Dehya: Alright then, how about you? You've already resumed work as the General Mahamatra, right?
Cyno: That's right.
Nilou: Will you be happy with that life?
Cyno: ...It's not about being happy. There are merely a lot of things that I must do.
Nilou: Even so, keep your spirits up and try to be happy, okay? And try to smile more every day, just like I'm doing now.
Cyno: ...
Cyno: Thank you. I'll keep that in mind.

## Talk 13

Dehya: My lady, the grilled meat over there is delicious. Have you tried it?
Dunyarzad: Yes! I also tried some fruits just now. They're very sweet.
Dunyarzad: What an amazing place to relax. No wonder everybody likes to rest at the Grand Bazaar.
Dehya: You said it. Oh, look who else is here.
Dunyarzad: Hello, I'm so happy Nilou invited everybody. Now I have a chance to meet all the heroes.
Traveler: My pleasure, I'm glad we could come.
Dehya: Hey, less of that polite chit-chat and more eating and drinking. The feast is about having fun, not stuffy formalities!

## Talk 14

Alhaitham: I seldom participate in such lively gatherings, but the atmosphere here is quite good.
Traveler: Huh. I thought you might find it boring.
Alhaitham: No, this gathering today has a unique meaning.
Alhaitham: The Grand Bazaar is lively because the people here feel happiness from the bottom of their hearts, unlike the farces at the Akademiya.
Alhaitham: That happiness is an emotion that'll be forever alien to those bookworms who have driven themselves insane by studying.
Alhaitham: ...Hm, I seem to have taken both keys when I left the house.
Alhaitham: Heh, oh well.

## Talk 15

Nilou: #Ah, there you are, {NICKNAME}!
Nilou: Well, how is it? Are you enjoying the feast today? If there's anything you're unhappy with, just let me know. I'll be sure to take note of it.
Traveler: It's great, thanks for inviting me.
Nilou: Hehe... That's good.
Nilou: It's the first time I've ever invited so many exceptional people to one place. I was a little nervous myself.
Nilou: You see, every guest here is quite extraordinary. It's unbelievable that we got everyone to gather here... almost like a fairy tale.
Nilou: Make sure you live it up tonight! I'll be happy as long as you're enjoying yourselves.
Traveler: We have a message to tell you.
Black Screen Text: You tell Setaria's message to Nilou...
Nilou: I'm honored to have her think of me this way. If I have a chance in the future, I would really like to invite her to one of my performances.
Nilou: #I can't explain why, but I just feel elated right now! Thank you, {NICKNAME}!

## Talk 16

Cyno: The atmosphere here is good, and everything is delicious.
Traveler: It must be rare to see you at such a lively gathering.
Cyno: Yeah.
Cyno: I don't often come to such places, but it feels quite good.
Cyno: I have a lot to handle these days. Otherwise, I could show you around.
Traveler: It's alright, don't worry about us.
Cyno: There's always next time. We're friends, after all.
Cyno: ...This feast is pretty good. I like it.

## Talk 17

Paimon: Hey, what's wrong? Your head is starting to droop...
Traveler: I'm suddenly a little sleepy...
Paimon: Hey, you can't just fall asleep here! Paimon will go find something delicious for you to eat. You'll wake up once you've put something yummy in your tummy!
Traveler: Really?
Paimon: Of course. Just wait here for Paimon!
Traveler: (Is it because I didn't sleep well last night that I feel sleepy all of a sudden? Or is it because I'm too full...?)
Traveler: (Huh? It seems like someone is there...)
Nahida: Hehe, it's me.
Traveler: (Nahida, it looks like my consciousness is connected to yours again.)
Nahida: Mhm. You may blame me for being a bit too self-indulgent. I was thinking about talking with you, and the next thing I knew, I had made a connection with you.
Nahida: The connection between us is amazing! It's like flora and the fence it grows upon.
Traveler: (Is there anything you need from me?)
Nahida: I heard there's an amazing celebration feast today at the Grand Bazaar. I wanted to have a look for myself, so I snuck in.
Nahida: Lately, I've been so busy dealing with all the fallout from recent events, so I really haven't had any free time...
Nahida: #{NICKNAME}, although you've already helped me with a lot, there's still one more thing I hope you can help me with.
Traveler: (What is it?)
Nahida: Please say thank you to everyone for me.
Traveler: (Ah, so that's what this is about... Nahida, it'd be better if you could do that yourself.)
Nahida: Oh... Is it not convenient for you to do that for me?
Traveler: (Some things in this world must be done by yourself.)
Nahida: But, if I just show up all of a sudden... people will become all quiet and stiff, won't they?
Nahida: What if I end up scaring them and ruining this wonderful feast... That'd be the last thing I want.
Traveler: (It'll be fine. Please don't worry too much!)
Nahida: Hmm... Let me think about it...
Nahida: ...Okay!
Traveler: (Have you made up your mind?)
Nahida: Yes, I have.
Traveler: (That's good... Wait? Huh!?)
Nahida: You said I should go thank everyone as myself, right? So...
Nahida: I've decided to borrow your body for the time being. Please don't blame me. The flora also climbs up the fence to get closer to the sky.
Traveler: (Then at least promise me you won't say anything weird when you're in my body!)
Nahida: Everyone.
Paimon: Are you awake now? Paimon was just about to bring you the food!
Nahida: It's me.
Paimon: Huh, that voice... Nahida!?
Dehya: #Hold up! What's going on, {NICKNAME}?
Alhaitham: I didn't expect to have a conversation with the consciousness of Lesser Lord Kusanali in the Grand Bazaar. Interesting. Is this also a part of the feast?
Nilou: No, no, of course not! Are you... Lesser Lord Kusanali?
Nahida: Hello, Nilou.
Nilou: You know who I am!?
Nahida: Yes, I already know every one of you. Nilou, Alhaitham, Cyno, Dehya, Paimon, and Dunyarzad.
Dunyarzad: Lesser... Lord Kusanali...?
Nahida: #I took the liberty of occupying {NICKNAME}'s body so that I could thank all of you in person.
Nahida: Thank you so much for rescuing me, even if that meant placing your own safety in peril, and taking the risk of becoming enemies with the Akademiya, the Sages, The Doctor, The Balladeer, and even the entirety of Sumeru.
Nahida: Without you, without any of you... I would have been in a much more difficult situation.
Nahida: Had you not helped me to resolve the crisis, not only I, but Sumeru and even the entirety of Teyvat, would've suffered great misfortune.
Nahida: People refer to you as "the heroes who managed to rescue a god." I am quite fond of this name. It not only explains your identities, but also bears witness to your relationship with me.
Nahida: Please allow me to present to you my most sincere gratitude.
Dunyarzad: Lesser Lord Kusanali, y—you've done so much for Sumeru, and I... I didn't even have a chance to do anything for you... You don't have to do this.
Nahida: Dunyarzad, the suffering you endured during your illness is also proof of you being with me and praying for me. Thank you.
Cyno: You don't need to be so ceremonious... It's always been my duty to protect you.
Alhaitham: This is how the relationship between the Akademiya and Dendro Archon should be. We just did what was necessary and set things back on the right path.
Dehya: You're an archon, but you act so humble. You really don't need to be so polite with us.
Nilou: I... I'm honored to have been able to take part in this plan! I hope you liked the dance I dedicated to you!
Nahida: ...Thank you, all of you. Thank you so much.
Traveler: (See? Just like I said, everybody is very happy to meet you.)
Nahida: ...Yeah!
Black Screen Text: Nahida shows up for a surprise visit and brings the feast to its climax. Sincere joy flows in the hearts of everyone present.
Black Screen Text: A warm atmosphere of talking and laughter carries on late into the night...
Black Screen Text: And the feast ends on a perfect note.
Traveler: Feels like I'm about to nod off...

## Talk 18

Paimon: Are you awake? Did you rest well?
Traveler: I think... I slept alright.
Paimon: After Nahida left, you ate a lot of food. You've become a glutton!
Traveler: Still nothing compared to Paimon.
Paimon: Hmph. That just means you still have a lot to learn from Master Paimon, the Sage of Gluttony!
Paimon: All right. Since you're awake now, should we go and have a chat with Nahida?
Paimon: She should be in the Akademiya right about now. If you have any questions, now's your chance to ask.

## Talk 19

Paimon: Nahida!
Nahida: Hello, Traveler and Paimon.
Nahida: What a fantastic night. I'm still immersed in all the happiness and joy, like a candle floating on water.
Paimon: So are we, and that's why we're here to talk with you!
Nahida: Is there anything you want to know?
Traveler: About the Akasha...
Traveler: About what happened after I fell asleep that day...
Traveler: About The Balladeer...
Traveler: About Fontaine, the next stop on my journey...
Traveler: I've got nothing else to say.
Nahida: After recent events, the Akasha can no longer function as it used to.
Nahida: I've given it some thought, and have decided to shut it down permanently.
Nahida: But this is definitely not a bad thing. Even from the beginning, I've been planning to shut it down.
Nahida: The Akasha's centralized administration of knowledge has always restrained people's curiosity and curtailed the number of paths available to them. I don't think this is good for Sumeru.
Nahida: Although people may initially feel a little uncomfortable with the loss of the Akasha, they will soon understand that this life is more suitable for them.
Nahida: And as for the future of Sumeru... I'm preparing to regain control of the Akademiya.
Nahida: The former sages have received their punishment, but the new sages have yet to be selected. I will oversee the process personally.
Nahida: I hope that the new Six Great Sages will be more focused on academics. Sumeru needs such leaders more than ever.
Nahida: The other big issue is the people of King Deshret — all the residents of the desert, in fact. They have been mistreated for far too long.
Nahida: I've already taken some measures to address this. It will take some time to rebuild everything, but no matter if it's culture, friendship, or trust... we will rebuild it.
Nahida: You mean, what happened after The Doctor put you to sleep?
Traveler: Did he take the Gnoses?
Nahida: You guessed correctly... The top-ranked Fatui Harbingers, up to No. 3, possess power comparable to that of gods. I was no match for him in that kind of situation.
Nahida: However, in spite of the bad situation, I still managed to make a fair deal with The Doctor.
Nahida: I'm sure you remember the entity that changed your fate — the Heavenly Principles.
Nahida: In fact, the Heavenly Principles has been quiet since the Khaenri'ah disaster five hundred years ago. I used this point as leverage against The Doctor.
Nahida: I told him that the Heavenly Principles may be awakened if I destroyed a Gnosis. Although it was just a bluff, he still fell for it.
Nahida: I assumed that the Heavenly Principles wouldn't just stand by and let such extensive damage to its "laws" take place.
Nahida: And as for what I exchanged for the Gnoses...
Nahida: The exchange served as both punishment for The Doctor, as well as a boon of new knowledge that I couldn't refuse as the God of Wisdom.
Nahida: He's still in a coma. I've hidden him like how one would hide a feather.
Nahida: I know you have many misgivings about him, but as someone who had "become a god," he has retained a number of very useful features.
Nahida: Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't do any evil.
Nahida: In addition, there are still some mysteries left in him. Some things may be very clear from my perspective, but he has still yet to understand them himself.
Nahida: His future will be determined by fate.
Nahida: Is that where you're headed next? Fontaine, the nation of justice.
Nahida: As far as I know, that nation operates on a judicial system.
Paimon: Does their archon personally judge people?
Nahida: No, there's a Chief Justice in Fontaine. Generally speaking, the Hydro Archon, Focalors, won't preside over individual trials.
Nahida: However... even then, Focalors will still make herself present at just about every trial. It seems that she just likes to immerse herself in that sort of atmosphere.
Nahida: As archon, she still reserves the right to influence the final verdict.
Nahida: Anyway, let's just say she's got... hmm... a very unique personality.
Nahida: Are you sure? Isn't there something else that you haven't asked about yet?
Paimon: Huh? You mean...
Nahida: #About... your {M#sister}{F#brother}.
Nahida: #While you were resting at Gandharva Ville, I took some time to perform an Irminsul search for information on your {M#sister}{F#brother}.
Traveler: But... we both came from beyond the sea of stars.
Traveler: #There shouldn't be any information on {M#her}{F#him} in Irminsul.
Paimon: #Yeah, isn't Irminsul a repository for all the information and memories of Teyvat? So there shouldn't be anything on {M#him}{F#her} or {M#his sister}{F#her brother}.
Nahida: #This is true in your case, {NICKNAME}. Irminsul indeed does not have any information on you.
Nahida: However...
Nahida: #There must be something different about your {F#brother}{M#sister}... because as it turns out, the world has recorded information on {F#him}{M#her} after all.
Paimon: What!?
Traveler: !?
Nahida: #There's only one possible explanation: {M#She}{F#He} belongs to this world.
Traveler: #(How is that possible? We journeyed the sea of stars all our lives until we came here. How could {M#she}{F#he} possibly hail from Teyvat...?)
Traveler: #(Things don't add up. Is there something wrong with my memories? Or is it this world that has done something to {M#her}{F#him}...)
Paimon: But... nothing about this makes any sense. Wasn't this your first trip to Teyvat?
Traveler: Do you have any further intel?
Traveler: #Do you know what {M#she}{F#he} has been through?
Nahida: According to the records I was able to access, your sibling suddenly appeared in Khaenri'ah...
Nahida: #After the Khaenri'ah disaster, {M#she}{F#he} began {M#her}{F#his} journey through the seven nations of Teyvat.
Nahida: #But just as {M#her}{F#his} journey was about to reach its conclusion, the Irminsul records on {M#her}{F#him} suddenly become fuzzy...
Paimon: #What do you mean, "fuzzy"? Did something happen to {M#her}{F#him}?
Nahida: #All I know for sure is that somebody, for reasons only they can know, is deliberately obfuscating {F#his}{M#her} fate...
Nahida: And whoever it is... if they can do that, who knows what else they're capable of.
Traveler: Could it be related to... the Abyss?
Paimon: #But even that wouldn't explain how {F#he}{M#she} somehow comes from this world...
Nahida: Something else I noticed was that according to these records, the Fatui have not classified your sibling as one of the "Descenders."
Traveler: Descenders?
Paimon: ...What's a Descender? Paimon's never heard of it...
Nahida: Look, I'm sure you must be curious about the information I received from the Fatui in return for my Gnosis, right?
Nahida: A very important part of the intel was about this world's Descenders... external beings, ones that don't belong to this world.
Nahida: #{NICKNAME}, you are Teyvat's "Fourth Descender."
Traveler: Fourth...?
Paimon: #Huh!? So the Fatui count three other Descenders before {NICKNAME}? And {M#his sister}{F#her brother} isn't even one of them?
Nahida: That's right. My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.
Nahida: As for the other Descenders... I still need to verify their existence. It could take me some time.
Paimon: Whew... Paimon's head's about to burst from all this crazy new information...
Nahida: And yet, even knowing all this, I'm sure you must still have a lot of unanswered questions. I must say, I truly regret that I can't help you more as the God of Wisdom...
Nahida: There are many questions in my heart as well. I will need some time to go through each one of them.
Traveler: Same here... I'll need some time to reflect on what you've said.
Nahida: And soon, you'll also begin your journey anew, and depart from Sumeru.
Nahida: I'm very interested in your future. It's a journey that can't be observed or recorded by this world...
Nahida: If fate is the ultimate knowledge, then your future will be the ultimate fate.
Paimon: Paimon's sure glad we got to meet you, Nahida.
Nahida: The pleasure is all mine... I can't thank you enough.
Nahida: All right, that's enough talk for today. If you ever miss me, just close your eyes — and maybe I'll appear in your dreams~

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Collei: Everything has been getting better lately, and my mood has been improving as well.
Collei: You can come find me anytime if you need anything.
Traveler: Thanks for looking after us.
Collei: You're welcome, I was just doing my duty. Remember to talk to Master Tighnari before you leave.

### Additional Talk 2

Tighnari: Is there anything else you'd like to ask about?
Traveler: How's Haypasia?
Tighnari: Ah yes, thank you for remembering her. She continued her training in the forest after she recovered. As a scholar, she never slacks off.
Traveler: Great.
Tighnari: A lot has happened lately. Collei and I have been busy, but don't worry, we'll take care of ourselves.
Tighnari: As for Cyno's reinstatement, the more I think about it, the more I suspect that he just doesn't have a single clue about this feast.
Tighnari: But this does remind me that Collei and I should find an opportunity to celebrate him as well. He has helped me a lot during this time.
Tighnari: And you as well, thank you.
Traveler: Don't mention it.
Tighnari: Take care. Please find me if you need anything.

### Additional Talk 3

Kaveh: Azar has gone to the Avidya Forest to reflect on himself for the rest of his life, and those people say they want you to replace him as the Grand Sage? What have you done!?
Alhaitham: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Azar's downfall is of his own making. What does it have to do with me?
Kaveh: Everyone out there is saying something different. Some say Azar wanted to create a god, while others say he wanted to sell his power...
Kaveh: Heh, but none of these sound very likely. If you ask me, I think the people spreading rumors around here don't have access to any real information.
Alhaitham: Really? Then I'm sure you can use your abilities to uncover the truth for yourself.
Kaveh: ...
Kaveh: Can't you show just a little respect to your senior and explain what's going on!?
Alhaitham: You were out there all this time and yet you still haven't managed to learn a single crucial bit of information. Heh, I'm impressed.
Alhaitham: Fine. Apart from the leaders of Amurta and Vahumana, all the sages have been exposed and removed as Azar's accomplices. We need to select new sages for your Kshahrewar Darshan as well as my Haravatat Darshan.
Kaveh: What? Did my Darshan collude with Azar as well? Wait... could this be why they sent me out on a project?
Alhaitham: Oh, I think that's just a coincidence. Besides, whatever you were doing won't have any significant impact now or in times to come.
Kaveh: You... Hmph! Listen here, I'm not buying any of it. Don't try to use this as an opportunity to talk about your crazy theories.
Kaveh: I think there are a few details that everyone is overlooking... For example, how as the Scribe, you were somehow able to escape this political crisis completely unscathed...
Kaveh: This can easily be seen as the results of a power struggle, no? Yet nobody has stopped to point that out yet... I almost feel like I should go out and start telling people about that!
Alhaitham: Be my guest, but I think everybody will be more interested in your own well-known gaffes.
Kaveh: Do you know what? I am done with you!

### Additional Talk 4

Dunyarzad: After recovering from Eleazar, everything seems so different to me. When I look at the scenery I've visited before, it has a completely different feeling.
Dehya: Yeah, you need to be stronger than an ox to take life by the horns.
Dunyarzad: I think I've heard you say something like that before, but today, I finally understand what you mean!
Dehya: Is there any place you'd like to go? I can accompany you, I've got time.
Dunyarzad: Hmm... What if I tell you I want to go to the desert?
Dehya: Fine by me!
Dehya: If we go to the desert, I can introduce you to my friends there. But we should prepare and get everything we need before setting off.
Dunyarzad: Let's go! I'll go pack my luggage now. After we're done with the feast in two days, we can go have fun in the desert!
Dehya: You can count me in!

### Additional Talk 5

Rahman: Anyway, our preparation has been going smoothly these days. Can such good things really be happening in the desert? It's almost hard to believe...
Setaria: Yes, even if you can't bring yourself to believe it, you should at least believe in those of us who are working hard to make it a reality.
Cyno: Indeed. Take it one step at a time. There is still a long journey before you.
Rahman: Haha, what heartwarming words.

### Additional Talk 6

Candace: #{NICKNAME}, it's good to see you again. Cyno said you were resting in Gandharva Ville for some time. How are you feeling now?
Traveler: I've fully recovered now.
Candace: Good to hear. I'm happy that you've returned safe and sound.
Candace: Thanks for all that you've done. The villagers won't be exaggerating when they say, "Heroes once passed through our village."
Candace: If you ever have time, please come visit Aaru Village again. I still want to go hunting with you.

### Additional Talk 7

Sheikh Zubayr: Behold, everyone! Allow me to present you with our best show ever!