# The Phantom Toy Master and the Barking Fox

Madiha: I should have hired someone to do this for me...
Madiha: It's only the first test, but I have to cross mountains... This is torture!
Paimon: Are you alright? You sound so weak...
Paimon: #{NICKNAME}, she looks absolutely exhausted. Let's make her some food!
Black Screen Text: You cook up some piping-hot Fried Radish Balls and Steak at the nearby stove to help the stranger regain her strength...
Madiha: Hahahaha! I feel so ALIVE!
Madiha: You've got skills. However, the low-quality ingredients and spices resulted in a rather dry texture.
Paimon: How can you be so picky at a time like this!? A full stomach is all that matters!
Madiha: On the contrary! The harder times get, the more you must crave the luxuries of life! It's how you stay motivated!
Madiha: The more your cash flow dries up, the bigger the loan you take out! It's the only way you can go all out and reverse your fortune!
Madiha: That is the trade secret of turning the tides that I, the Phantom Toy Master Madiha, am bestowing upon you in return for your aid.
Paimon: Ph—Phantom Toy Master? That sounds pretty cool! But looking like that, it doesn't seem right...
Traveler: Your toy isn't finished yet, huh?
Madiha: Hey! H—How did you know!?
Paimon: Let's see... you nearly died of hunger, you were so confused that you were talking to yourself, something about a test and hiring someone...
Paimon: So obviously, you haven't finished your signature toy, right? It must be going really bad if you can't even remember to eat!
Madiha: H—How could you say that! I won't be spoken of like that! My Barking Fox is in the final stage before production!
Madiha: Once I figure out the flight envelope of the Barking Fox, I'll be able to write a manual that even Fungi can understand! Then with another loan for mass-production, I'll be able to turn a huge profit!
Paimon: Flight envelope? What manual? Explain without the technical jargon so Paimon can understand!
Madiha: It's easier to just show you!
Black Screen Text: Madiha pulls out a blue package from her bag and quickly inflates it.
A moment later, a strange-looking toy appears and floats steadily in midair.
Paimon: Is that your signature toy? It doesn't even look like a fox! You should just call it something like... Limited Edition Big-Eared Sunsettia Bomb: Blue Star!
Paimon: And why is it called "Barking"? It doesn't even look like it's barking with laughter!
Madiha: No, no, no! It's because its jet sounds like someone barking with laughter! Have a listen if you don't believe me!
Madiha: (It emits an indescribably low howling sound. It would be stretching the bounds of the truth to even consider comparing it to "barking.")
Paimon: #Where did she even hear that laughter from...? {NICKNAME}, Paimon thinks she may be barking mad...
Madiha: Anyway, a small hot air balloon provides lift for the Barking Fox while the hidden jet provides propulsion, so it has excellent maneuverability.
Madiha: Just imagine a toy that can fly nimbly! Forget kids, even adults wouldn't be able to resist its charms!
Traveler: That does sound quite novel.
Paimon: Paimon smells something familiar...
Paimon: Let Paimon guess! Madiha is going to say: Please help me complete the final tests, and I'll reward you.
Paimon: #But Paimon and {NICKNAME} will have to think about it. We're busy, and you'll have to make it worth our while...
Madiha: No! Of course a small reward won't be enough! Let me do the math...
Madiha: 60%... No! 70% of the total Barking Fox profits for the next year! What do you think?
Paimon: 70%! Isn't that a bit too much...?
Paimon: Ahem... Paimon means to say that you're speaking Paimon's language, Phantom Toy Master!
Traveler: Can it even be mass-produced within a year?
Madiha: Now you've grasped the crux of the matter! The faster you complete testing, the sooner the Barking Fox can enter production and begin sales, and the more you'll make!
Madiha: We must work together to perfect it quickly! It's a win-win situation!
Paimon: Oh, this is starting to make sense now...
Paimon: #Hehe, {NICKNAME}, if we do this, we'll be involved in the toy industry and can be called merchants, right?
Madiha: Time is money! Let's get to it. I sought help from a few adventurers in the past and set up a few flight envelope test challenges based on their experiences. Let me show you where they are...
Madiha: The Barking Fox's future and the Phantom Toy Master's brand are in your hands!
Traveler: And even mass-production may not turn a profit...
Traveler: It may sell well.
Traveler: Maybe you're broke?