# Tell Me, Mirror Mirror

Lamiya: Ahem! You two, over there, excuse me...
Lamiya: There's a brand new game here for you two to play! Hehe, as long as you complete the challenge, you'll obtain a ton of funding for experiments!
Paimon: Funding?
Lamiya: Ah! No, sorry, I spoke too quickly! What I mean is, if you finish the game and fill out the survey, then you'll get amazing rewards!
Lamiya: The game is really simple too! Heehee, there aren't many chances to obtain rewards this easily, you know...
Paimon: Hm, that seems a bit suspicious to Paimon!
Traveler: Is this some kind of new scam?
Lamiya: Whoa, whoa, don't be like that! There's no need to get so suspicious right off the bat, really... Though I admit that randomly inviting strangers passing by in a place like this might be seen as somewhat unusual.
Lamiya: But at least listen to my excuse! Er, I mean, listen to my explanation!
Traveler: Alright, let's hear it.
Lamiya: Though the two of you cannot tell, I am a researcher from the Amurta Darshan of the Akademiya. My name is Lamiya.
Paimon: Um, it's actually really obvious, since you're wearing Akademiya clothing.
Lamiya: Oho, that's where you're wrong! What if a con artist merely put on Akademiya robes to fool you into thinking they were a researcher?
Paimon: ...
Lamiya: Of course, I am most definitely not talking about myself! Pfff, come on, I was just reminding you two! I really am from Amurta, if you doubt me, just ask any matra! I'm definitely at the top of quite a few of their lists.
Paimon: Is that supposed to be... a good thing?
Lamiya: Ahem! Anyway, you two... oh, right! I haven't asked your names yet...
Paimon: Paimon's name is Paimon!
Traveler: #And I'm {NICKNAME}.
Lamiya: #Hehe, in that case, {NICKNAME} and Paimon, allow me to explain this little challenge to you!
Lamiya: This is actually all related to a story I read when I was a child, about a boy who turns into a cat and has all kinds of adventures in the land of cats!
Lamiya: It's a really cute story, hehe, after the protagonist falls in love with a beautiful cat, he turns back into a human! Then, the story ends with him as the owner of that gorgeous cat, living out their lives as pet and master... it's a pretty good ending.
Paimon: No... That's actually a really weird ending.
Lamiya: Well, at the very end, the boy finds out the beautiful cat is actually male! So I think the ending actually has quite a bit of literary value...
Lamiya: Hehe... sorry, we got a bit off topic. Anyway, the whole point is that much of the story is written from the perspective of an animal, which fascinated me! After becoming a scholar, I decided that would be my research area.
Lamiya: By combining the equipment I developed with the mature tech of the Akasha, we can see the world through the eyes of various animals.
Paimon: Now that sounds more like it! Though, using the Akademiya's research funds to chase your dreams, isn't that a bit like abusing your position to get what you want?
Lamiya: Haha, perhaps it is appropriating public technology for my private purposes, and a bit selfish, but this also is quite practical and has a lot of potential.
Lamiya: When searching for victims after a disaster, or exploring collapsed ruins, small animals are far more agile than us, and if we could borrow their eyes...
Traveler: Then you can infiltrate places you aren't supposed to.
Paimon: What do you mean, infiltrate places you aren't supposed to...? Lamiya was clearly talking about really good and noble uses!
Lamiya: #Hehe, exactly! Quite perceptive, {NICKNAME}, humans tend to be cautious around their own kind, but are quite relaxed around animals.
Paimon: HEY! Don't actually use it for any weird stuff!
Lamiya: A joke, a jest! Each time the tech is used, everything is recorded. If you use it for anything naughty, you'll immediately be caught and punished.
Lamiya: But still, what do you think? Sounds like some pretty amazing research, doesn't it?
Paimon: It actually does sound quite impressive.
Lamiya: I was planning on taking my time, b—but those fools at Kshahrewar managed to see the promise in such research, and are planning to achieve similar results with tiny machines!
Lamiya: It's b—blasphemy, I say! Corruption and evil! Compared to cute little animals, who wants cold machines!?
Lamiya: #Right, {NICKNAME} and Paimon!?
Paimon: Well, uh...
Traveler: Of course animals are much cuter!
Lamiya: #I just knew you'd understand, {NICKNAME}!
Lamiya: Anyway, the point is that if I can't produce results ASAP, those Kshahrewar dolts will certainly beat me to the punch! So grabbing passersby out here away from prying eyes is my only option.
Lamiya: Hehe, when you think about it like that, there's nothing suspicious about it at all.
Paimon: Sounds like it's pretty legit after all!
Traveler: "Not many chances to obtain rewards this easily"...
Paimon: Alright, then count us in!
Lamiya: Hehe, thank you, thank you so much!
Lamiya: Anyway, take this first! It's a tool I invented, I call it the Inscribed Mirror. The mirror will show you what the animal connected to my device sees!
Lamiya: Just use the images shown in the Inscribed Mirror to figure out where the animals with the devices attached are, then catch them to earn your reward!
Paimon: Huh? So if they're running around all over the place...
Lamiya: It's fine, hehe, they're all trained, and will stay in the area! They won't go too far, so don't worry about that!
Paimon: #Okay! C'mon, {NICKNAME}, let's roll out!
Traveler: I am from the "Beep, Construct, Beep" Darshan.
Lamiya: ?
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon has no idea what you're talking about!
Traveler: Searching for things will be much easier.
Lamiya: Exactly! For example, if you can borrow the vision of a Weasel Thief, you can explore ruins quite quickly.
Lamiya: With the eyes of birds, you can look down from on high, and on a clear day with good visibility, it would be very easy to conduct topography or other forms of observation.
Lamiya: Hehe, what do you think? Sounds like some pretty amazing research, doesn't it?
Traveler: Should we report this to the matra?