# Missing title (3799081631)

Mona: Me... Meow?
Mona: Is this really how cats greet one another? I wonder if my pronunciation's on point...?
Snowball: Meow?
Paimon: Looks like "Snowball" didn't understand even a whisker.
Paimon: Mona, are you trying to speak "Cat"...?
Traveler: Professor Megistus, that is not how you pronounce it.
Paimon: Hey! "Rawr" sounds more like tigers or lions! That's a good way to frighten a kitty and turn it into a scaredy-cat!
Mona: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon! So the rumors were true — you really are working at the Furball Fortress!
Paimon: "Working" probably isn't the right word. We're helping Valerina and Rosaria out, so we're more like... consultants!
Paimon: Yeah, that's it! Being called a "consultant" sounds really impressive, hehe!
Paimon: By the way, Great Astrologer Mona, are you looking to adopt a cat to assist you in your astronomical observations?
Mona: Based on my understanding of astrology, it shouldn't be too hard to teach a cat to read the various aspects of the stars. I might even... teach one to help me write manuscripts...?
Mona: (Steals a peek at Snowball)
Paimon: (Boldly stares straight at Snowball)
Snowball: Meow!
Mona: *cough* On second thought, maybe not. One who can only read the stars but is ill-versed at stringing words together would not suffice to convey my illuminating insights.
Mona: If I really needed an assistant, it would be better to just take a trip to Fontaine and recruit some staff member from The Steambird or find a Melusine who can use a typewriter and bring them back to Mondstadt...
Mona: Were I to really adopt a cat, at most it would be to play with it a bit, to relax and relieve the stress from the exhaustion of academic inquiry.
Mona: One mustn't be a bad owner. When you get tired, it would be best if the cat is tired enough for a cat nap as well.
Mona: Before I set foot in here, I never imagined hanging out with cats would be such a joy... Ah, how wonderful life would be if we could always be happy like this!
Paimon: Hehe, looks like you're going to be a really conscientious owner! Guess this cat's gonna be in fine hands!
Mona: But I've also heard that some cats can be quite rambunctious. Always jumping around, biting, and clawing the furniture...
Mona: Imagine my manuscripts or astrology tomes, ruined by feline canines — that'd be troublesome indeed!
Paimon: Making a snack out of precious books... Paimon can barely imagine something so terrifying!
Mona: "Snowball" looks quite well-behaved, but seems not to comprehend my meaning... Perhaps we lack that special connection.
Mona: So I would like to observe a bit more — you know, keep an eye out for obedient cats.
Mona: Oh, and I must calculate the cost of a cat bed, cat food, and other expenses. Not too luxurious, but also not so shabby. Wouldn't do to submit the cat to hardship.
Traveler: It's okay, take your time.
Paimon: Yeah, Valerina said that she'll adopt even more strays in the future, so even if no cats catch your eye today, you can always come back often to play and have a look!
Snowball: Meow~
Traveler: There are many more furry felines in this fortress.
Traveler: Try roaring at it, like, "RAWR"!