# Iridescent Cloud-Striding

Juanshu: Esteemed guests, I, the apprentice Storyteller Juanshu, must humbly request you cease your steps for a moment—
Juanshu: Perhaps you have heard a tale that goes something like this? "In the beautiful night of Lantern Rite, flaming lights once danced across the sky like glowing brushes, like a majestic scroll..."
Paimon: Uh, Paimon didn't quite catch that.
Paimon: Flaming lights? Painting in the sky? That's not something ordinary people can do... Even if you had some kinda airship, there's no kind of mysterious paint that can just hang in the air like that.
Paimon: Sounds like a seriously exaggerated analogy!
Traveler: Surely not an ordinary painting?
Juanshu: #Anyway! The protagonists of this tale are none other than you two, the renowned Traveler whose fame has spread throughout the land, and his companion Paimon!
Paimon: Huh? Why is it suddenly about us?
Juanshu: Perhaps you have already forgotten, but this time last year, you accepted a commission from the Adventurer Tiantian and participated in a special speedrun challenge.
Juanshu: That speedrun challenge was illuminated by the glow of fireworks! A sight most majestic, a splendorous scene not oft seen!
Paimon: Now that you mention it, Paimon kinda remembers that we helped some promoter from the Adventurers' Guild... It was nothing, really...
Paimon: She said she wanted to use the event to recruit new members — no idea if it actually worked, though.
Traveler: I guess something like that might've happened?
Juanshu: At the time, I was drowning my sorrows in liquor near the Wangshu Inn, and as I looked up, I saw your silhouettes framed by the fireworks...
Juanshu: In a moment, the sadness from flunking the exam, my confusion about the path that lay before me, it was all dispelled in a flash by your radiant figures blazing bright with vitality!
Juanshu: So I pulled myself together, and continued my research into folktales, and thus came to Chenyu Vale, drinking deep of my favorite subject... I must thank you for the encouragement you gave me!
Juanshu: And it is not just me! Many were moved by your splendid silhouettes, joining the Adventurers' Guild and finding new direction in life!
Paimon: P—Paimon never imagined anything like that! We didn't even notice anyone watching at the time, and didn't even think us joining in a little race could inspire other people!
Paimon: When you put it like that, it's kinda embarrassing...
Traveler: It's good to see that your spirits have improved.
Juanshu: To run into you today is truly my good fortune. There is one thing I would like to ask, in addition to expressing my sincerest gratitude—
Juanshu: Please, pass your radiant glory onward, and continue to inspire even more people!
Paimon: Though we aren't nearly as great as you say, you've got a good idea going! If we can cheer up more people, we're in!
Paimon: Though now that you mention it, just what should we do?
Juanshu: In accordance with usual practices, I used Tiantian's racing challenge as a reference and teamed up with other Adventurers inspired by you. We've planned a brand new activity: "Iridescent Cloud-Striding."
Juanshu: There are many wondrous things here in Chenyu Vale, including a strange carp whose power allows you to travel most swiftly.
Juanshu: All you need to do is vault over valleys and mount the mountaintops with your nimbleness, showing your vibrant dynamism to all and sundry, just as before!
Traveler: Easy-peasy!
Juanshu: Of course, beyond the Mora I have prepared as a token of appreciation, we've prepared a variety of other rewards to express our gratitude.
Juanshu: Such paltry gestures pale with the hope you have gifted to so many and the excitement your past deeds inspire! But that is not all. In the future, we will find more chances to repay you!
Paimon: Hehe, you're too kind! We'll keep on journeying and helping out those in need along the way, even without any rewards!
Paimon: But after hearing you, we're even more inspired to keep on adventuring! Let's give this Iridescent Cloud-Striding a try!
Traveler: We're in!
Traveler: Congratulations on getting it together.
Traveler: So what's your point?
Traveler: Could you be talking about fireworks?