# When All Return to the Waters


## Talk 1

Paimon: Let's see what's written here... Nothing escapes Detective Paimon's eyes!
Paimon: Hmm, Callas... Navia's father! This seems to be an investigation report on him.
Traveler: It's probably related to his and Jacques' case.
Paimon: Mhm... hmm... Yep, it's about finding someone to assassinate Jacques and Callas, because of a lack of confidence that Jacques himself would go through with it...
Paimon: This should prove the existence of the "third person," right?
Traveler: Is there anything else?
Paimon: Hmm... "We have still not determined the exact content of the key information Callas has passed on to certain members of his organization."
Paimon: "The old dog's a real menace to deal with. Even if he abides by the promise he's made to us, he will still have the upper hand."
Paimon: "He can act whenever he wants to make our lives miserable. The only option left is to remove him from the picture entirely."
Paimon: "I concur. Let's send someone to kill him. He won't declare war as long as we don't touch Navia."
Paimon: Seems like we've got a bunch of correspondence between the higher-ups...
Traveler: They planned this well in advance.
Paimon: *sigh* They're all just so evil...

## Talk 2

Paimon: Now that Navia has set out for Erinnyes, we should also get going!
Paimon: The location has already been marked on the map, so let's head over.

## Talk 3

Paimon: According to Melus' info, the Sinthe production base is underwater...
Paimon: Let's go and try to find the entrance!

## Talk 4

Paimon: Now that Navia has set out for Erinnyes, we should also get going!
Paimon: But the place Melus mentioned seems to be underwater... How are we supposed to get there?
Paimon: Let's see if we can figure something out.

## Talk 5

Neuvillette: On the day of the murder, Spina di Rosula hosted a large banquet in a countryside estate owned by the Confrerie of Cabriere.
Neuvillette: During the banquet, all attending guests heard two gunshots from the courtyard.
Neuvillette: When the guests arrived at the scene, they found the primary suspect, Callas, holding a gun, while his acquaintance, Jacques, lay dead from a gunshot wound.
Neuvillette: The Gardes' investigation did not recover any other firearms from the scene. As a result, they concluded that the suspect's first shot must have missed, while the second must have taken Jacques' life.
Neuvillette: The suspect did not dispute this conclusion, and also declined to defend himself in court. Instead, he chose to prove his innocence through a duel.
Neuvillette: Callas was defeated by Champion Duelist Clorinde in the ensuing duel, and soon succumbed to the injuries.
Neuvillette: These are the known facts about the case.
Navia: A pile of clothing was found at the scene. The Gardes once believed they were used by Jacques as a costume to disguise himself...
Navia: But now, it is clear that the clothes were proof that there was a third person at the scene, and that they were turned into water after committing the murder.
Navia: Since it was raining that day, the culprit was confident that they could use the rain to wash away all traces of their dissolved accomplice.
Navia: The testimony of the victim's family confirms that Jacques had thoughts of assassinating Callas when he set out for the banquet.
Navia: However, in the end he reconsidered, and instead shared everything with Callas, hoping to seek the latter's protection.
Navia: Unfortunately for Jacques, the true culprit had already considered this possibility, and had sent out another assassin.
Navia: This assassin first shot Jacques, then turned to shoot Callas, only for Callas to wrestle the gun from him and kill him instead.
Navia: Realizing this, the true culprit caused the hired assassin to dissolve into water, leading everyone to believe Callas was responsible for Jacques' murder. This is the true version of events.
Navia: (Something's not right... Let me think for a little while longer.)

## Talk 6

Paimon: Whoa, there's so much Sinthe here! And so many bottles of ingredients that probably just contain the Waters of the Primordial Sea...
Traveler: There are so many...
Paimon: Hmm... "Mixing-in-Progress" ... "Ready-To-Drink" ... "Stock Sample" ... Huh, they've also got all the Sinthe pretty clearly labeled.
Paimon: Whoa, there's even fruit-flavored Sinthe!?
Traveler: Well, that definitely proves that this is where they produce Sinthe.
Paimon: Yep, it's super obvious!

## Talk 7

Paimon: Phew... After all that, we finally made it to the innermost sanctum.
Paimon: Though as expected, the mastermind isn't here...
Traveler: If I'm not mistaken...
Paimon: Ah, that's right! Then let's hurry up and find some evidence so we can get back to the Opera House and help Navia!
Traveler: He's being charged by Navia as we speak.

## Talk 8

Paimon: We've looked at almost everything here, and it seems like our theories were spot on! But...
Traveler: Who really is this "Vacher"...?
Paimon: Yeah, we haven't found anything that reveals his true identity...
Paimon: No wonder even Neuvillette wasn't able to find anything... Whoever it is probably destroyed everything to do with that name a long time ago...
Paimon: That way, even if we bring all of this back to the Opera, we won't be able to identify the true culprit.
Traveler: Clever...
Paimon: Sure thing! Paimon won't admit defeat to this guy either!
Traveler: But maybe not clever enough. Let's look again.

## Talk 9

Paimon: You take that side, and Paimon will take this side. Check everything carefully! We'll find something for sure!
Black Screen Text: After some time...
Paimon: Ugh, nothing at all! And Paimon can't even find snacks either!
Traveler: Paimon, I found it.
Paimon: Woah, really? Let Paimon see!
Paimon: "Vigneire"... Isn't that Vacher's lover's name?
Paimon: Then, you found her diary? Let's see...
Paimon: Aw, it's just a normal diary chronicling their love story. She was so sweet too, Paimon feels even worse for her now...
Traveler: Take a look at this page.
Paimon: So many... A whole page's worth! But they're all crossed out. Was she unhappy with all of them?
Paimon: The final name she decided on was...
Paimon: "Marcel"!?
Paimon: Wait, but Marcel's pretty old... Has this case been going on for so long that he's Vacher and Vigneire's grown son?
Traveler: I've figured it out.
Paimon: H—Hey! Paimon still hasn't figured it out yet!
Traveler: Let's go, Paimon.
Traveler: She made a list of baby names.

## Talk 10

Navia: And whose image do you see, Marcel?
Navia: Is it a man named "Vacher"?
Marcel: ...!?
Navia: Oh? So you do know that name.
Marcel: I'm merely surprised you'd suddenly say the name of someone I've never even heard of.
Navia: I was waiting for you to say that.
Paimon: Naviaaaa! We're baaaack!
Navia: As expected of my partner! I just knew you'd return in the nick of time!
Neuvillette: Just how often do you intend to flout the rules of this court...
Furina: It's alright, Monsieur Neuvillette. Given their confidence, I expect they've found the crucial evidence.
Traveler: You say you've never heard of Vacher...

## Talk 11

Paimon: Hey, Monsieur Neuvillette, what's going on? Shouldn't he have been cleared already?
Neuvillette: Apologies, this is also the first time I've encountered such a situation. However, according to the rules established at the conception of Fontaine's court system, the Oratrice's judgment is the final verdict of the court.
Neuvillette: All I do is follow court procedure. As for why the Oratrice arrived at the conclusion it did, you should probably ask someone more knowledgeable than me.
Traveler: If even the Chief Justice doesn't know...
Furina: Ah... Wh—Why are you looking at me? I had nothing to do with it...
Furina: I—I don't know what happened there, either... H—Hey, stop staring at me...
Confident Audience Member: ...What does Lady Furina mean by that?
Contemplative Audience Member: She says she has no idea either? But that's impossible... Didn't she create the Oratrice herself?
Doubtful Audience Member: ...Yeah, so are the verdicts reliable or not? Can results like this really be called justice?
Furina: ...
Furina: Ahem... My dearest citizens, did you really think we'd allow an incorrect verdict to be handed out in this court? Did you really believe that the judgment could be mistaken, or be the result of some sort of random mishap?
Furina: Don't tell me... you thought even I had been blindsided by the Oratrice's result?
Paimon: Hmm... But the way she looked just now, it was pretty obvious she had no idea what was going on...
Furina: However, given the state of things, I shall give you an explanation. Everything that just took place — including my supposed shock and bafflement — was a part of an elaborate performance, with every action meant to stir up drama and excitement.
Furina: And of course, for every performance, there is a script. Everything has unfolded exactly as I expected from the very beginning. As the embodiment of the very concept of justice, the Oratrice shall never render an arbitrary judgment!
Furina: If you thought Childe had nothing to do with the serial disappearances case, it is only because you have been blinded by the superficial appearance of innocence...
Furina: Everything he's done, not to mention the danger he poses, are beyond ordinary comprehension and completely unforgivable!
Furina: All shall be revealed in time! You will come to understand my noble intentions, as well as the absolute correctness of the Oratrice's verdict. Hahahaha...
Furina: ...Now, having said that, although I hate to leave things hanging in suspense, it is now time for this performance to end. As the lead actress, I shall be the first to take my leave. Toodle-oo~
Neuvillette: ...So she chose to make her escape after all, did she.
Paimon: Er... So you're saying we shouldn't put much stock in what she just said?
Neuvillette: Mm, she probably just put on that performance to save face. As for the truth, it's unlikely that she actually has any idea.
Traveler: Way to pull the rug out from under her...
Neuvillette: However, please be assured that I will continue to investigate this case in a personal capacity. Just as I promised, if the judgment has been incorrect, we will do our utmost to clear his name.
Paimon: Alright... Even though we feel pretty badly for him, we'll take your word for it for now.
Paimon: After all, he's done plenty of bad stuff, so he should have known he'd go to prison someday, right?
Traveler: ...Then we have no choice but to ask the Archon herself.

## Talk 12

Esmond: Hey, what are you doing!? Quick, stop him!
Marcel: #{NICKNAME}! Hey! {NICKNAME}!
Paimon: Ahh! Marcel, what are you doing over here?
Esmond: Stop resisting arrest! Cease, or we'll add another charge to the list!
Marcel: #No, no, wait! I just wanted to ask {NICKNAME} something... I'm not looking to run away, please, please just let me ask this one small thing...
Neuvillette: ...Go on.
Marcel: Thank you... Thank you...
Marcel: I was being led away when I finally realized something... Where did you first hear the name "Vacher"?
Marcel: I erased all records of that name... So... Unless...
Esmond: Are you still trying to prove your innocence? Give it up, you've already been convicted.
Traveler: Yes...
Marcel: A—Ah... Really? You, you did? You're sure? You met her... But how could that be, how did you manage to do it!?
Traveler: It was around the Fountain of Lucine...
Marcel: The Fountain of Lucine!? Then... Then she's been so close to me all along!? And I just never...
Marcel: #Please, please give me a chance to talk to her again, just let {NICKNAME} take me to the Fountain to see her one last time... This is the last request I'll ever make in my life, you can do whatever you want to me afterwards, I don't care...
Esmond: What, give you an inch, and you wanna take a mile? Do you think serial killers get to make requests like that?
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon agrees! Why should we give him what he wants when he's only done a ton of super terrible things?
Neuvillette: This request, is it worth as much to you as your life?
Marcel: Of course! Wait, no, it's worth even more than my life...
Neuvillette: Humans... will they betray the instinct to live just to satisfy spiritual needs...?
Neuvillette: Very well, I will grant your request.
Esmond: Your Honor, I fear that...
Neuvillette: I will go with him. You do not need to worry about any escape.
Esmond: Ah... In that case, I shall leave him in your most capable hands, Chief Justice.
Marcel: Thank you... Thank you, Your Honor...
Traveler: Something to do with my sensitivity to the Hydro element...
Traveler: I met "her."

## Talk 13

Marcel: Is this the place...? You said she's here, but what do I need to do to see her?
Traveler: Back then, I drank Water from the Primordial Sea...
Paimon: Yeah, and even Paimon could hear her after drinking that thing! Didn't you just drink a lot of it on the stage as well? In that case...
Oceanid?: "Vacher..."
Marcel: !!!
Paimon: Yes, that's it! So you heard it too!
Marcel: Vigneire, it's me! It's me, Vacher!
Oceanid?: "Vacher... Vacher..."
Marcel: I'm here, I'm here... Where are you, Vigneire? I'm coming for you, I'm finally here for you...
Paimon: Hey, wait, be careful, hey, waaaaait!
Traveler: It heightened my sensitivity to the Hydro element...

## Talk 14

Marcel: Vigneire... Is that you? It's me, Vacher... Vigneire...!
Oceanid?: Vacher... Why did you come... Didn't I say... You don't need to look for me...
Oceanid?: You... You look a lot older than I remember... How long has it been?
Marcel: It's been... More than twenty years. I've suffered for over twenty years since the day you left...
Marcel: All this time, only the thought of bringing you back has kept me alive... Nothing else mattered to me...
Marcel: Ah, I must be dreaming... Who would have thought I'd get the chance to tell you all of my feelings like this...
Marcel: Vigneire... You are my everything... I really don't know... how I could live without you...
Oceanid?: But Vacher... If you ask me, this world would be better off without you.
Marcel: Wh—What are you saying?
Oceanid?: If not for you, I would have finished my law degree, and probably become a top-tier attorney one day...
Oceanid?: If not for you, I would have continued to pursue my love of the arts, and my works would have been displayed in the Palais Mermonia itself...
Oceanid?: If not for you... I would at least have been able to take care of my mother, and she would not have grown old and died alone, with nothing but the tears on her cheeks...
Oceanid?: It's all because of your selfishness, Vacher, it's all because of you!
Marcel: You... Wait, you are not Vigneire... Who are you!?
Oceanid?: You're right, I'm not Vigneire... I am... the "sacrifices."
Oceanid?: Every woman who died by your hand... as our bodies dissolved, our consciousnesses flowed back to the Primordial Sea.
Oceanid?: Our thoughts circulated endlessly within the Primordial Sea, and we were no longer individuals, but we became one, just as streams of water come together in the sea.
Oceanid?: I'm Crecy, I'm Lemonie, I'm Aisine...
Oceanid?: The only one I am not... is Vigneire.
Marcel: Why... But then, where is Vigneire!?
Oceanid?: She doesn't want to see you anymore... Every tendril of her consciousness is avoiding you.
Oceanid?: This is what you get for your selfishness! Your selfishness robbed us of our lives and our futures. You said time and time again that you'd do any and everything for her...
Oceanid?: But did you ever consider whether she'd want to see you do the things that you did? If she would despise you for what you became?
Marcel: I... I...
Oceanid?: You are a liar, a heartless murderer, and a cowardly narcissist.
Oceanid?: The only thing you're not... is Vigneire's beloved.
Oceanid?: From the moment your first victim died, and her consciousness merged with Vigneire's, she has had nothing but pure hatred for you.
Traveler: (It looks like I didn't meet Vigneire back then either... They must have wanted me to lure Marcel here from the very beginning...)
Marcel: No... Vigneire, she can't hate me... Let me see her, please, have mercy...
Oceanid?: You still don't understand? When I said, don't look for me... That came from the real Vigneire, she really doesn't want to see you anymore...
Oceanid?: But on top of that, she also said that because... it's her final drop of pity for you.
Oceanid?: She said that because she knew... That if you did come here, "we"... will show no mercy to you...
Oceanid?: "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"...
Oceanid?: "Drown."
Marcel: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—
Black Screen Text: Later, the Gardes find that the culprit of the serial disappearances of young women case, Marcel, appeared to have lost his soul.
However, the final report from the physicians states that he died of a massive fright.

## Talk 15

Paimon: Finally, we have some time to do shopping! Gosh, it's really been a long time since we've been able to relax...
Traveler: Shopping is stressful in its own way, though.
Navia: Well met, partner! I knew something great was going to happen when I woke up in such a good mood today.
Melus: Even this weather can't put a damper on the Demoiselle's mood.
Silver: It's a pleasure to see you both again.
Paimon: Oh, hey, Navia! It's been a few days, Paimon's already started to miss you!
Navia: Oho, now that I believe! I'm easy to work with, and always bring home the bacon; who wouldn't treasure having a partner like me?
Paimon: Haha, sounds like you're really enjoying life these days, Navia! What have you been busy with since the trial?
Navia: Ugh, it's just been one thing after the other. I've been making non-stop trips between Poisson and the Court since then...
Navia: Everyone from Spina di Rosula organized a memorial for my father. We never held a memorial when he first died, since everyone knew that even if we held one back then, no one was going to come.
Navia: This time, though, everyone in Poisson and even many people from the Court all attended.
Paimon: Ah, so his name's definitely been cleared now! That's what we like to hear!
Melus: It's been the dearest wish of Demoiselle all along.
Navia: Hahaha... that blasted stubborn fool, I was right to put my faith in him. I'm so glad I didn't give up on the case all those years ago...
Traveler: Things turned out as well as they could have.
Navia: Oh, by the way... I ran into Charlotte just after I left the memorial service.
Navia: Well, maybe it'd be more accurate to say that I knew that she would be there, and there was no way she'd just let me go...
Paimon: Eh!? So you know Charlotte too? The Charlotte... journalist from The Steambird?
Navia: Yeah, way back when I first became the president of the Spina di Rosula, she was all over me, wouldn't take no for an answer...
Navia: I believe the story was called "The True Heart of Darkness: Secret Tales of the Yellow Rose."
Navia: To be fair, though, it was a really flattering feature, hahaha... So we've been on pretty good terms ever since.
Navia: She was trying to lean on our friendship to get me to do an exclusive piece on the serial disappearances case.
Paimon: Oh, yeah, she told us about that... She's always been super interested in that case, so now, her wish has finally come true too!
Navia: Anyway, I told her to make sure that when she writes about you guys entering the Opera House with the critical evidence that you both sound really cool.
Paimon: Hehe, now that's another thing to look forward to! We trust Charlotte's skills with a pen for sure!
Navia: Oh, and in other news, I also took Clorinde out for a meal.
Paimon: Oh? Are you two on better terms now?
Navia: Hmm... While you were investigating Vacher's headquarters, Clorinde gave testimony on my father's behalf.
Navia: It was thanks to her that we were able to turn the tide, I wanted to thank her... I mean, there's also no point in being awkward all the time... so, we took the chance to reconcile with each other.
Paimon: Oh, that's great! Paimon also thought Clorinde wasn't actually a bad person. It's always good to have more friends.
Navia: Anyway, now that the case has finally been solved, perhaps it will slowly begin to fade from the public consciousness.
Navia: Oh, actually, there's still one last thing I need to do...
Paimon: What is it?
Navia: ...I should pay a visit to my father's grave, and tell him the truth of what happened, as well as how it all ended.
Navia: And on top of that, just how much people still look up to him to this day...
Navia: ...That includes me, too.
Silver: Miss Navia...
Melus: Indeed.
Traveler: ...Can I come, too?
Paimon: Mhm, we want to go, too! We also think Callas is a really admirable person.
Navia: Sure thing. I'd like you two to share the moment with me. After all, without you, there might not have been such a positive ending.
Melus: Then in that case, everyone, let's be off. Considering the recent weather, we'll be lucky if we can reach Poisson before dark...
Navia: Yeah, you're right... It's been raining non-stop for a few days now.
Traveler: My legs are killing me...

## Talk 16

Navia: Marcel, the head of Confrerie of Cabriere!
Confident Audience Member: Huh? What confrerie? Never heard of them in my life.
Contemplative Audience Member: I've heard of them, but... weren't they Spina di Rosula's sister organization?
Scornful Audience Member: Ooh! Is this going to be friends-to-enemies type situation!?
Neuvillette: Please let me remind you, Miss Navia, that charging someone is an incredibly serious matter. Committing to the charge also means taking on the legal responsibilities associated with it.
Neuvillette: And if the charge fails, depending on the circumstances, you may also be charged with the crime of making a false accusation. Knowing this, do you still wish to charge this man?
Navia: Yes, I do.
Neuvillette: In that case, I declare the charge to be valid. Miss Navia and attorneys, please take your places on the court.
Neuvillette: Members of the Gardes, please contact Mr. Marcel right away so that he may stand trial.
Black Screen Text: After some time, a shocked and confused Marcel is brought to the stands.
Neuvillette: Mr. Marcel, you will not require an attorney, is that correct?
Marcel: Ah... Apologies, it all just happened so quickly, I still haven't figured out what's going on.
Marcel: I think an attorney won't be necessary. This is probably just a misunderstanding between me and Navia.
Neuvillette: Very well. In that case, since both sides have now arrived, Miss Navia, please present your charges.
Navia: I would like to take everyone back to three years ago, to the case of "Callas the Unfaithful."
Navia: Only through elucidating what really happened in that case can we connect all the dots for the serial disappearances case.
Marcel: Navia, do you really think I was the one who killed your father?
Marcel: Come on, why would I do that? Callas was my benefactor, and remember, both you and I only ran to the scene when we heard the sound of a gun.
Marcel: If that's enough to make me a suspect, wouldn't that make everyone at that banquet a suspect as well?
Furina: I, uh... I think there's no point in getting into the specifics right now. The audience doesn't even have the big picture yet. Even I'm... ahem, struggling to remember some details of that case.
Navia: Exactly correct, Your Honor. I must refresh everyone's memory about that case before I can explain my charge and reasoning.
Neuvillette: I see. In which case, I will recount the findings about that case as originally recorded by Maison Gardiennage.
Navia: (The one with the motive to kill was Jacques, not my father, and even so, Jacques still had no reason to pull the trigger.)
Navia: (In truth, the third person shot Jacques first, and was shot in turn by my father when my father seized the gun from him.)
Navia: (After that, the true culprit turned the third person into water, erasing all traces of him from the scene.)
Navia: Thank you for the summary, Your Honor. Of course, the Gardes' conclusion appeared quite sensible to us at the time.
Navia: However, we should revisit the case now that we've gained new information about the abilities of Water from the Primordial Sea.

## Talk 17

Navia: This is where my father's grave is... To be perfectly honest, even I haven't been back here for a long time.
Paimon: Huh, there's someone there already... Wait, that figure, it can't be...?
Navia: ...
Paimon: Isn't that Neuvillette? Why would the Chief Justice be here... Eh, Navia?
Neuvillette: ...Mm?
Navia: ...
Neuvillette: ...My apologies. I should have asked before coming to pay my respects.
Navia: Don't say that.
Neuvillette: Sorry about that.
Navia: Oh, I was trying to say there's no need for you to apologize.
Navia: I wanted to show my father how much I've grown, but still, I doubt I've grown to the point that even the Chief Justice would feel compelled to apologize to me over and over.
Neuvillette: In that case... I will stop apologizing for now.
Navia: You really could use some pointers on understanding human emotions, Monsieur Neuvillette...
Navia: In any case... why did you come to Poisson?
Neuvillette: Hmm... Well, ever since that day, I've been turning a question over and over in my head... Just what is justice, anyway?
Neuvillette: There was once a time when I didn't want to believe that there could be anything more important to humans than life itself.
Neuvillette: No, rather than that, it's probably more truthful to say I didn't believe humans were capable of resisting the most basic instinct of living things. That they could rebel against their own nature, or consider certain things to be more important than their own lives.
Neuvillette: Which is also why I didn't stop your father from beginning that fateful duel...
Neuvillette: I believed that a truly innocent man would never throw away his life like that. That there was nothing... should have been nothing more important than one's own continued survival.
Neuvillette: But Mr. Callas proved me utterly and decisively wrong.
Neuvillette: If not for his sacrifice, the serial disappearances case would have remained unsolved to this day.
Neuvillette: Mr. Callas made the choice he did for his daughter, for his associates, and for many people completely unrelated to him...
Neuvillette: And in the end, from a certain perspective, one could say that he did it all for the sake of justice.
Neuvillette: A justice that is higher than... life itself.
Neuvillette: So, you asked me why I came here.
Neuvillette: I just wanted to say my apologies to Mr. Callas in person... I should have noticed all of this much sooner.
Neuvillette: This regret has filled me with a sadness that has haunted me for days.
Neuvillette: That high and mighty chair in the Opera Epiclese indeed insulates one from many important things. Spina di Rosula, thank you so much for your hard work and perseverance.
Navia: I... I'm sorry for being mad at you before.
Navia: So you're actually... One of those types that's cold on the outside but pretty thoughtful on the inside, huh? That reminds me of Silver, one of my guys...
Neuvillette: Sorry about that. Self-expression is not one of my strong suits.
Navia: Didn't I just say you don't need to apologize...
Paimon: Huh, so Navia and Neuvillette seem to have made their peace as well...
Paimon: Let's not disturb them for now... We can wait until after they're done.
Black Screen Text: Following Navia and Neuvillette, you also pay your respects to Callas...
Paimon: Whew... Paimon's never paid respects at someone's grave before, did Paimon do anything rude there?
Traveler: Well, you're not usually supposed to fly around someone's grave.
Paimon: Huh? Paimon didn't know that was a thing... But... But Paimon doesn't know what she should do if she can't fly...
Paimon: Nooo... Paimon hopes Miss Navia won't be too mad...
Traveler: (Wow, she took it seriously...)
Paimon: Anyway, Neuvillette is still standing around there... It's not often that we can catch him alone like this, so why don't we go talk to him for a bit? If we can't talk to Lady Furina, we can at least talk to him, right?

## Talk 18

Paimon: Oh look! There's an important-looking basin over here... and it's full of water!
Traveler: That must be the Water from the Primordial Sea.
Paimon: That means this is where they make all the Sinthe! And that special water is the main ingredient.
Paimon: If you dilute it with normal water, you'll get Sinthe, but the pure stuff can dissolve a human...
Paimon: Paimon will take notes on this incriminating evidence!

## Talk 19

Paimon: What's all this... Ah, it's a bunch of really cute things!
Paimon: Pink accessories, a hair tie, a necklace, even a makeup box...
Traveler: There's a name, too.
Paimon: Oh, Paimon sees it too. But... why are all these cute things labeled with different girls' names?
Traveler: They probably belonged to the victims.
Paimon: Huh!? You mean, the girls from the serial disappearances... they were brought here!?
Paimon: And then, they were turned into water...
Paimon: And all these boxes of things... these names... that means... This is terrible...

## Talk 20

Paimon: What's this over here? Looks like some kind of place for research.
Paimon: "Experiment number sixteen aims to verify Jakob Ingold's research conclusions on the Primordial Sea, and use his theory as a foundation to achieve a breakthrough."
Paimon: "The experiment was a failure. No individual managed to resurface from the Water from the Primordial Sea. Female specimens twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four were dissolved..."
Paimon: Waaaaaah!!!
Traveler: Calm down, Paimon.
Paimon: #Sorry, {NICKNAME}, Paimon will try her best! It's just that P—Paimon's never read something so scary before...
Paimon: How can someone write something that terrible in such a matter-of-fact tone!?
Paimon: You read the rest... Paimon's too scared to keep going...
Traveler: The goal of the researcher...
Paimon: So that's why he did all of these experiments...
Paimon: But did he really think he'd be able to find a way just by dissolving people over and over? That's just insane!
Traveler: There's another name here...
Paimon: Huh? Isn't that the name you heard by the fountain? Paimon thought... he was an eyewitness in the serial disappearances case?
Traveler: No.
Paimon: Ah... You mean, Vacher is the one who did all of these... ugh, experiments?
Traveler: Yes. He signed off on a bunch of the experiment reports.
Paimon: So that's it... Vacher was no victim, but personally took his lover and...
Paimon: No, that's not it either... If that's the case, why would he want people to resurface from the water?
Traveler: There must be more to this than meets the eye.
Paimon: In any case, Paimon will write it all down...
Traveler: The voice I heard from the fountain was probably Vigneire.
Traveler: He is the researcher.
Traveler: "Vacher."
Traveler: Is to save his lover, a woman called Vigneire, who was dissolved.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Traveler: But the truth of it, Marcel, is that you've always been Vacher!
Marcel: Huh!?
Paimon: We've investigated your lair, and we already know everything!
Paimon: After your lover, Vigneire, was dissolved, you kept abducting young women to experiment on in hopes of bringing her back to you!
Paimon: You even created "Marcel" as a new identity, and destroyed all records of your past as Vacher!
Furina: So that's it... Even the villains in opera performances rarely go that far...
Furina: And with that, Marcel's motive has now been established...
Navia: This information regarding your past also dismantles your prior "timing" defense.
Navia: Well, Marcel, do you know where you went wrong?
Marcel: ...
Navia: You fixated your gaze on the lover that passed away, instead of paying attention to the living people around you.
Navia: So you never noticed how we changed, or how we grew as individuals.
Melus: You also never understood Boss' real expectations for his daughter.
Silver: Or our determination to see things through.
Marcel: Your... determination... Hah... Hahaha...
Neuvillette: Mr. Marcel, please speak up now if you would like to defend yourself. Otherwise, the trial will move onto the next stage.
Marcel: Do you think... Do you really think I wanted to do any of this?
Marcel: Pay attention to you? What for!? Have you ever paid attention to me? Ever empathized with my pain? Ever known how it feels to watch the love of your life dissolve right in front of your eyes!?
Marcel: No one helped me — no one even believed me. All those decades ago, even the officers from the Maison Gardiennage were laughing at me...
Marcel: They said there's no way a human being can turn into water, so I must have gone mad from grief! Vigneire's death was brushed away by all of you as if it didn't matter at all!
Marcel: Well, now you know, don't you!? Hah, well, it's too late now! All those who were dissolved are gone forever!
Marcel: You only have yourselves to blame! You set up this ornate opera house in pursuit of your so-called justice, your beloved drama, while turning a blind eye to the suffering of the people!
Marcel: Vigneire is dead! We promised each other that we would always be together — wherever she goes, I will follow!
Marcel: But I'm not from this blasted place, so I can't be dissolved, no matter what I do!
Paimon: H—Hey, is that Water from the Primordial Sea that he's drinking!?
Marcel: I can't dissolve, can't dissolve, can't dissolve! Hahahaha...
Marcel: Do you all see? I can't go, I can't follow... So if I can't go where she is, what choice do I have but to try to bring her back?
Marcel: I did all of that, and in the end, that accursed Callas still got the better of me...
Marcel: I spent my entire life living on pins and needles, only to get stabbed by his idiot daughter at the very end, ha, haha, hahahaha!
Neuvillette: The suspect is exhibiting signs of mental distress. Gardes, please restrain him.
Marcel: Don't touch me! Don't anybody come near me, I still need to save Vigneire, our promise, we made a promise...
Marcel: Vigneire, Vigneire...
Marcel: Please Vigneire, don't think badly of me... All I want is to fulfill our promise...
Neuvillette: At this point, the verdict of this trial is clear. With Mr. Marcel's conviction, the charges against Mr. Tartaglia no longer have any basis.
Childe: Fine by me. I was in a bad mood, but after a show like that, I'm actually feeling pretty good.
Neuvillette: #{NICKNAME}, please submit all the evidence you have collected to the Gardes so that I might review and summarize the truth behind the serial disappearances case.
Black Screen Text: Neuvillette proceeds to review and compile all the evidence and records...
Neuvillette: The man now known as Marcel was originally named Vacher, and worked as an adventurer with his partner and lover, Vigneire.
Neuvillette: During an underwater expedition, Vigneire accidentally came into contact with Water from the Primordial Sea, and was dissolved in front of Vacher as a result.
Neuvillette: Vacher learned of the Primordial Water's existence through the work of others, and began to kidnap young women for research, with the goal of discovering a method to restore Vigneire back to life.
Neuvillette: To cover his tracks, he invented the new alias of "Marcel," and began to operate a business in Poisson.
Neuvillette: During the course of his research, Vacher discovered that a diluted concoction of Water from the Primordial Sea can induce feelings of euphoria, and began to manufacture and market "Sinthe."
Neuvillette: However, as he accumulated wealth to fund his continued research and expanded the scope, he came into conflict with Spina di Rosula.
Neuvillette: After exchanging blows with Spina di Rosula for many years, Vacher decided to assassinate their president, Callas, at a banquet.
Neuvillette: Although the assassination did not go as Vacher expected, he was able to turn Callas into the murder suspect by dissolving the assassin he sent to the scene.
Neuvillette: And just recently, Vacher attempted to frame Lyney as the culprit of the serial disappearances case using a similar method.
Neuvillette: However, his attempt to frame Lyney failed, and the power of Water from the Primordial Sea became public knowledge. This case also exposed enough of Vacher's machinations that he was eventually successfully charged in court.
Neuvillette: Thus concludes the enigmatic history of the serial disappearances case, with the truth revealed to all.
Audience: (Applause)
Neuvillette: The Oratrice will now deliver the final verdict regarding the charges against Mr. Vacher.
Neuvillette: According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Mr. Vacher is—
Neuvillette: —Guilty.
Marcel: ...
Furina: Gardes, take Vacher away!
Excited Audience Member: Good! It's what he deserves!
Eager Audience Member: With that, the serial disappearances case is over now...
Emotional Audience Member: We really just witnessed history... Who would have thought the true culprit would be such a polite and well-spoken guy...
Paimon: Yippee!!! We helped Navia bring the bad guy to justice!
Paimon: He's hurt so many innocent people, now he's finally getting what he deserves.
Paimon: Huh? Are you okay?
Traveler: Navia...
Navia: ...
Silver: Demoiselle, you were absolutely brilliant.
Melus: The day our late Boss had always hoped for has finally come. You can rest easy now, knowing justice has been served.
Navia: Yeah... Yeah. It's finally over. It's all thanks to you guys, and my partner.
Navia: See, Papa? Spina di Rosula's still doing well with me at the helm...
Childe: Well now, hasn't this been a most delicious piece of drama? The villain has been caught, justice has been served, past wrongs have been righted, and it's a big ol' happy ending...
Childe: Since it's been such a great show, I'll just let the false accusations against me slide. Either way, I've still got some business to attend to, so if you'll excuse me...
Neuvillette: Please wait just one moment, Mr. Tartaglia.
Childe: Oh, what now? None of this has anything to do with me.
Neuvillette: According to court protocol, since this trial was initiated due to a charge against you, a verdict must also be made regarding the initial charge before the trial can conclude.
Childe: Ah c'mon, is this really necessary? Haven't you already caught the real criminal? Isn't it time for side characters like me to exit stage left?
Neuvillette: Please respect the laws of Fontaine. This has always been the rule.
Childe: Alright, alright, but this sure is a lot of hassle. All I need to do is to stand over there, right? Let's just get this over with.
Neuvillette: ...Through evidence presented in the public trial that was just held, it has been established that Mr. Tartaglia has no direct connection to the serial disappearances case.
Neuvillette: The guilty party has been identified, and thus, it is logical to suppose Mr. Tartaglia is innocent of the charges.
Neuvillette: We now turn to the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale to render the final verdict on the charges.
Neuvillette: Hmm...
Neuvillette: According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Mr. Tartaglia is—
Neuvillette: ...Guilty.
Paimon: What!?
Childe: Hey, hey! That's not funny... Didn't you just say I'm supposed to be innocent?
Childe: What's with this verdict? Is your justice machine malfunctioning?
Confident Audience Member: Huh!? This has never happened before, the Oratrice... actually returned a different verdict from the Chief Justice...
Contemplative Audience Member: I mean, have you ever heard of an innocent Fatui Harbinger? Do you think the Oratrice might have just convicted him on general principle?
Doubtful Audience Member: But weren't the charges about the serial disappearances case? No matter what else he's guilty of, it shouldn't affect the verdict in this case, right?
Traveler: Childe has been declared guilty by the Oratrice...
Neuvillette: The judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale is, by law, the final verdict of the court. We must accept the guilty verdict.
Neuvillette: Gardes, please take the suspect into custody per court protocol.
Traveler: Just what is going on here?

### Additional Talk 2

Doubtful Audience Member: Ah, so that's what happened...
Confident Audience Member: Wait, you're telling me something as dangerous as Water from the Primordial Sea has been used for all these years?
Marcel: What a great theory. It also explains Callas' and Jacques' respective motives... I guess they didn't shoot each other after all.
Neuvillette: Mr. Marcel, you are the one being charged with a crime. You should provide a rebuttal if you wish to prove your innocence.
Marcel: But I think I agree with everything Navia just said. In fact, there was nothing in her speech that directly implicated me...
Furina: Th—Then, may I ask some questions? In my opinion, we primarily need to determine two things...
Furina: One, do you have the evidence to back up your claims?
Navia: I'm afraid not — at least, not at this very moment.
Scornful Audience Member: Boo! Hahaha, if you don't have any evidence, you should just go home!
Navia: I may not have the evidence with me, but I know where I could go to collect it. If we look up the deserted clothes against a record of people who went missing at around the same time...
Navia: We should be able to find a match.
Navia: Considering the serial disappearances case, the Gardes probably kept careful records of all missing persons from around that time, regardless of age or gender.
Furina: That makes sense to me... Monsieur Neuvillette, I would consider this to be a reasonable investigative direction.
Navia: Why do I feel like Furina's acting a little differently today?
Silver: Maybe she's scared of embarrassing herself again?
Melus: Alternatively, she's become more diligent after charging an innocent citizen in the last trial.
Furina: My second question has to do with the ensuing duel. If the truth is indeed as you described...
Furina: Then why didn't Mr. Callas explain himself in court? If he had testified that a person had been dissolved, he could have at least mounted a defense.
Navia: I've thought about this too, and the answer is actually pretty simple — he felt there were things that were more important to him.
Navia: The dissolving power of Water from the Primordial Sea is an important secret for the true culprit of the serial disappearances case.
Navia: My father could have exposed it for all to see, but he chose to take it to the grave.
Navia: At that time, Spina di Rosula was in dire straits, and his reputation had already been shattered. He had no guarantee that going forward with the truth would allow the culprit to be brought to justice.
Navia: What was certain, however, was that it would paint a gigantic target on my back.
Melus: Boss once told me that Demoiselle had already been selected as the next target of the serial disappearances case.
Furina: What!?
Navia: If the secret had gotten out, the culprit would have fought an all-out war with the Spina right there and then. I wouldn't have been the only one in danger — all of us would have stood to lose our lives.
Navia: Of course, the Gardes might eventually figure out the truth of the matter, and determine that we were in the right...
Navia: But what good would that do? How can a hollow verdict protect anyone?
Navia: Had this opera house ever given my father any kind of confidence in its brand of justice, Spina di Rosula would have had no reason to exist!
Navia: But by staying silent, we retained the ability to deter our opponents, and continue the stalemate.
Navia: I was also able to become Spina di Rosula's president, which made me harder to target, as well as giving me more time to grow and learn.
Navia: And once I have figured out the truth and stepped up to the challenge, I will do what this opera house cannot, and restore my father's truth and honor back to him!
Furina: So... You mean to say... Your father intended to die in the Duelists' Ring?
Navia: That's right.
Furina: Do you have any proof?
Navia: Of course.
Navia: All you need is to ask his opponent, Clorinde.
Clorinde: ...
Navia: I don't need your apology, your guilt, or your support from the shadows. You don't have to do anything for my sake.
Navia: But since he entrusted his will to you, Clorinde, you should tell us the truth about his sacrifice.
Furina: Erm... So... During the duel, did you believe that Callas was intending to die?
Clorinde: Yes, I did.
Clorinde: As a Champion Duelist, I've fought many battles, and taken a countless number of dishonored lives.
Clorinde: In my line of work, I've seen all kinds of people give their all for the faintest hope to continue living. Some were determined, others passionate, and some even manic and twisted.
Clorinde: Just one look and I can tell if a duelist is hoping to live, or if they're looking to die.
Clorinde: I hereby swear on my name and honor as a Champion Duelist that Mr. Callas never intended to leave the Ring alive.
Navia: ...
Furina: Since that's your testimony, I have no more questions. It appears there really are good grounds to reopen this case...
Neuvillette: I concur. However, Miss Navia, you still have not explained the link between your father's case and the serial disappearances case.
Contemplative Audience Member: Right? What she said was fascinating, but kind of beside the point...
Confident Audience Member: Wait, weren't they just talking about the serial disappearances case!?
Navia: Of course, Your Honor. The two cases are connected via a matter of timing.
Navia: In my father's case, the culprit intended to kill both Jacques and Callas. As a result, they planned to act after hearing two gunshots.
Navia: And at the end of Lyney's trial, the culprit also only dissolved the victim in front of everyone because they realized they were at risk of being identified.
Navia: The culprit could only time their actions so precisely if they were already at the scene.
Navia: Coincidentally, Marcel attended both the banquet and the trial.
Marcel: So that's why you suspected me... *sigh* Even after hearing your reasoning, I still can't help but find it a little preposterous.
Marcel: I'm used to it, though. You've always been an impulsive and sentimental child, Navia. It's one of your most endearing traits.
Silver: No need to appeal to pathos.
Marcel: I won't try to refute your points one by one, but even if everything you just said was true, can you prove that I was the only person present at both events?
Marcel: On top of that, does a person have to be physically present to control the timing? Can't someone remotely monitor the place?
Navia: Ah...
Contemplative Audience Member: Oof, don't know what she can say to that...
Marcel: I know that even with that, you might still think you can reduce the list of suspects with some further investigations, until I'm the only one left on the list.
Marcel: Alas, who won't feel at least a little hurt by an accusation of murder from a girl you see as your own daughter?
Marcel: But if I were to dismiss this completely, you'd also think I'm not being considerate of your feelings. Ah well, let Uncle Marcel teach you another lesson.
Marcel: Do you know what the biggest flaw in your reasoning is?
Navia: I suppose you're going to tell me anyways...
Marcel: It's "timing," again.
Marcel: I'm a businessman by trade. From that standpoint, there's no reason for me to kidnap young women. It's a high-risk action with nothing to gain.
Marcel: In addition, I left my home in Snezhnaya when I was young to come to Poisson and work in some trade. My business only thrived when I received Callas' patronage.
Marcel: But the disappearances began before I ever stepped foot in Fontaine.
Navia: Ah...
Melus: I do apologize, Demoiselle. This was my mistake.
Navia: No, it's not your fault. I'm sure he had come prepared...
Marcel: Is there anything else you'd like to say? Would you like to check the date of my first business license against the first known case of the serial disappearances?
Marcel: You can also take a look at my border entry records, or ask my friends and family when I left Snezhnaya for the first time.
Marcel: Could those records and testimonies do something to appease the unspeakable anguish in your heart?
Doubtful Audience Member: Seems like she's got the wrong guy...
Scornful Audience Member: At this rate, Navia will be convicted for falsely accusing him.
Marcel: I think you've done a superb job of dissecting your father's feelings as he neared the end of his life.
Marcel: But aren't you going against all of his wishes and expectations right now?
Marcel: He wished for you to become more rational, collected, and conscientious, instead of dwelling only on your own feelings.
Marcel: Once you've learned to be more considerate of others' feelings, and to stop rushing headlong into things, you'd have met most of his expectations.
Navia: This isn't just about me, and it never has been...
Navia: The biggest difference between me and the rest of the victims is that I still have the ability to search for the truth, while that same agency has long been taken from them.
Navia: The people whose families were destroyed by Sinthe abuse, the people who lost their loved ones to the serial disappearances, and the people who suffered tragic ends due to their sense of justice...
Navia: Many people's images are flashing before my eyes. I'm sure some are coming to those of you in the audience as well...
Navia: And whose image do you see, Marcel?
Navia: Is it a man named "Vacher"?
Marcel: ...!?
Navia: Oh? So you do know that name.
Marcel: I'm merely surprised you'd suddenly say the name of someone I've never even heard of.
Navia: I was waiting for you to say that.

### Additional Talk 3

Traveler: About Water from the Primordial Sea...
Paimon: So at court, the bad guys referred to that special water as Water from the Primordial Sea... But what is it, really?
Neuvillette: Truthfully, that name is already quite accurate. I can only surmise that Vacher and his ilk only learned of its nature and existence after extensive research.
Neuvillette: There used to be a special sea on the surface of this planet. The nature of its seawater was rather different from that of the sea we know today...
Neuvillette: Most of Teyvat's lifeforms were first born in that special sea. You could say it nurtured much of the life on this planet.
Paimon: Huh, so it really was where everything began... It makes sense to call it "Primordial" then.
Neuvillette: But today, the Primordial Sea no longer exists on the planet's surface.
Neuvillette: What Vacher discovered must have been some kind of special case, or a remnant from a truly ancient age.
Paimon: Huh, so that's how it is... You really know everything, Monsieur Neuvillette. But if that's the case, then why would people, uh, at least people from Fontaine, dissolve in that kind of water?
Neuvillette: Indeed, why would the Primordial Sea — which was known to engender and nurture life — suddenly reverse itself and devour life instead?
Neuvillette: To be frank, that also doesn't match my understanding of this world and its laws. There must still be some unknown secrets around the people of this land.
Neuvillette: Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 4

Traveler: About the "prophecy" that has been circulating around Fontaine...
Neuvillette: ...That the sea levels will rise, and everyone will be dissolved in water, leaving Furina crying alone on her throne, but the sins of the people will be finally washed away for good?
Neuvillette: Does that appropriately summarize the version you've heard?
Paimon: That's right! It was Lyney that told us back then, and that about covers all the main points.
Neuvillette: Yes, up to the present, I think we reached a point where we have no choice but to confront this prophecy directly.
Neuvillette: Rumors have it that this prophecy is rooted in the last words the former Hydro Archon left to the world before she passed away.
Paimon: A prophecy... of the former Hydro Archon? Wow, this is the first time that we've ever heard of it...
Neuvillette: Two parts of the prophecy have already proven correct: the rising sea levels, and the ability of the people of Fontaine to be dissolved. We should be more vigilant, and stay on the watch for further signs.
Neuvillette: Speaking of the prophecy, Furina has also always taken it quite seriously. Indeed, she has been collecting information and intelligence from across Teyvat for this purpose.
Neuvillette: If the rumors were true, then perhaps this prophecy is the "conundrum" left to Furina by her predecessor.
Paimon: But with Furina being the way she is... can we really trust her to solve it?
Neuvillette: Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 5

Traveler: About Childe...
Neuvillette: My apologies. My investigation has still not reached its conclusion.
Neuvillette: However, I still believe the judgment of the Oratrice was not rendered arbitrarily.
Paimon: Eh? But you also said you thought he was innocent...
Neuvillette: For many years, I have been quite aware that the Oratrice does not simply mechanically repeat the verdict that I give on each case.
Neuvillette: As a divinely created mechanism, the people's unified faith in the concept of justice is integrated into it.
Neuvillette: Not only can it produce the incredible power of Indemnitium, but it likely also possesses other traits... such as self-awareness.
Neuvillette: Which is all to say I've been prepared for a situation like this for a long time.
Paimon: Huh, so when Lyney told us that he heard a human voice from the room where the Oratrice's core is stored...
Neuvillette: I was not aware such a thing had occurred... Perhaps that could serve to prove my conjecture. I will add that to the list of items to investigate.
Neuvillette: In any case, I am inclined to believe that the Oratrice does have a methodology all its own... We just do not have enough information.
Neuvillette: Based on Furina's reaction, I doubt even she had any idea what was going on. She managed to bluff her way through it, though, with time-tested twin tricks of bravado and drama.
Neuvillette: While we do intend to get to the bottom of this, for now, we regret to say that the Fatui Harbinger will just have to bide his time in the Fortress of Meropide.
Neuvillette: If we did incorrectly convict him of crimes he did not commit, we will most certainly compensate him to the fullest extent allowed by the law.
Paimon: If you ask Paimon, the only compensation he'll want is a no holds barred fight with you ...
Neuvillette: Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: About my sibling...
Neuvillette: Your sibling? Another blond-haired traveler... I'm sorry, but I've never seen anyone who matches that description.
Neuvillette: #If {M#she}{F#he} ever stepped foot in Fontaine, I'm sure {M#she}{F#he} followed our laws to the letter, and had no reason to appear on the stage of the Opera Epiclese.
Neuvillette: Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 7

Traveler: I have no more questions.
Neuvillette: Very well. It was my honor to provide you with what answers I could. I very much enjoyed conversing with you.
Neuvillette: It will soon be time for me to leave this blissful tranquility behind, and return to Palais Mermonia.
Paimon: You really are super busy, Monsieur Neuvillette! Paimon thought you only came here to pay your respects today because you had the day off.
Neuvillette: Crime and villainy do not have the day off, and so justice must work around the clock as well. This is merely the nature of a Justice's work.
Paimon: Alright, alright, you've got a point.
Paimon: Huh... Paimon just noticed that the rain has stopped.

### Additional Talk 8

Paimon: Oh! Monsieur Neuvillette, that power you showed when you took him down... Who are you, really?
Neuvillette: Hm? I am the Chief Justice of Fontaine, of course. If officers of the law lack the strength and capability to enforce it, then it makes a mockery of justice.

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown NPC (13427): (Besides the investigation reports, there are also a lot of research materials here. It seems their "experiments" have been going on for a very long time.)
Unknown NPC (13427): (But there's nothing here on Vacher's true identity...)

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown NPC (13423): (A pool full of Water from the Primordial Sea. Countless sins were born of it...)
Unknown NPC (13423): (Nothing else here seems particularly noteworthy.)

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown NPC (13426): (According to the records, Vacher didn't care how many victims he had to dissolve in his quest to bring his lover back to life.)
Unknown NPC (13426): (But there's nothing here on Vacher's true identity...)

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown NPC (13424): (Bottles full of Sinthe and Water from the Primordial Sea. These can be used as evidence to prove what this place was used for.)
Unknown NPC (13424): (Nothing else here seems particularly noteworthy.)

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown NPC (13411): (Bottles full of Sinthe and Water from the Primordial Sea. These can be used as evidence to prove what this place was used for.)

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown NPC (13412): (Many miscellaneous items are stored here and labeled with different names. They likely belonged to the many young women who went missing over the years.)

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown NPC (13413): (According to the records, Vacher didn't care how many victims he had to dissolve in his quest to bring his lover back to life.)

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown NPC (13414): (Besides the investigation reports, there are also a lot of research materials here. It seems their "experiments" have been going on for a very long time.)

### Additional Talk 17

Unknown NPC (13410): (A pool full of Water from the Primordial Sea. Countless sins were born of it...)

### Additional Talk 18

Neuvillette: Oh, it's you two. Did Miss Navia invite you to come pay your respects to her father?
Paimon: Mhm! We ran into Navia on the streets today, so we just followed her here.
Neuvillette: I see, I see. Then, is there something that I can help you with?
Paimon: Ah... Um... Well, it's pretty hard to run into you like this, since you're usually super busy, so we figured we could try to ask you a few questions, if that's okay...
Neuvillette: Please feel free. Though outsiders, you helped us solve one of the greatest mysteries in Fontaine, and it would be my pleasure to return the favor.

### Additional Talk 19

Paimon: Um... Paimon's really sorry, Navia, but Paimon did something pretty disrespectful just now...
Navia: Uh... What're you saying, Paimon? I don't think I get it...
Paimon: Well... Aren't you not supposed to fly around someone's grave?
Navia: Huh? Hehe, who told you that...
Paimon: #Hey, {NICKNAME}! Why did you mess with Paimon again!?