# Missing title (1835796455)

Kinich: A courier told me that our combat readiness liaison found an excellent certification officer.
Kinich: Turns out that it's you. An encouraging sign.
Ajaw: Tsk, so they've even gone to YOU, of all people? Hey, Kinich, looks like freaks of a feather do flock together — this commission-freak never learned to say no either!
Kinich: Oh, look. A new commission notification — "to shut a noisy dragon up."
Traveler: Oh, that? I just posted it.
Ajaw: You... You... So that's how it's gonna be, huh? Ganging up on the Almighty Dragonlord... Just you wait!
Kinich: #Anyway, back on topic, Traveler. We'd like your help certifying these stages. Their difficulty and balance should be up to par.
Ajaw: Difficulty? Where? Pfft! Don't be ridiculous.
Kinich: And what would you consider difficult? "Have them randomly pick some halfwit partner before rappelling down a mountain blindfolded"?
Kinich: And perhaps you'd also make it so that they'd only have a ten-percent chance of getting a Yumkasaur buddy, with their other options being Avatars of Lava or Geo Slimes?
Traveler: That's practically begging for death.
Ajaw: Hah, haven't you been tagging along with my little lackey long enough to know that that's just what the Scions of the Canopy love doing? My suggestion's perfect for them.
Kinich: Perhaps you'd like to give us a demonstration, then?
Ajaw: ...Such trivial challenges are far beneath the Almighty Dragonlord's dignity. Just amuse yourselves however you please, peons!
Kinich: In any case, Irade offered me a good rate. Here's to you finding enjoyment in the challenge — and receiving satisfactory payment.
Traveler: I'm looking forward to it!
Kinich: I wish you well.
Traveler: Leave it to me, Kinich!
Traveler: Oooh, now we're really talking...
Ajaw: Hark! Hark! Now here's a person of refined tastes — way better than yours, at least!
Traveler: But I'd love to watch Ajaw show us how a pro does it first.
Kinich: I second that motion, Ajaw. You are much more agile than the average challenger. And even if a monster gets lucky and lands a hit, not like you'll get smacked straight into an Ajaw-shaped hole in the ground, right?
Traveler: Oh, don't worry, you can handle that one later.
Ajaw: Hmph! Do you think such paltry flattery means that the Almighty Dragonlord will owe you one or something?