# Hunters' Gathering


## Talk 1

Navia: Whoa! They really have thought of everything. Even the Fateometer is here and ready to go for us!
Furina: ...The Fateometer? What's that?
Lyney: It's a card that's used to determine action success or failure. We'll need to use it when we try to use certain skills.
Navia: And what about all the dessert and tea? Is that for us as well?
Clorinde: That's what the message said.
Furina: Really? That's so nice... It feels just like a tea party with friends.
Paimon: Those snacks have Paimon's name written all over them!
Lyney: Haha, I think you might be more of a "Snack Hunter" than a Marechaussee Hunter, Paimon.
Paimon: Snack Hunter Paimon, reporting for duty! If there are delicious snacks to be found, Paimon'll track down every last one!
Furina: The desserts are great, but I'm still looking forward to the story more than anything.
Clorinde: Very fair. Then let us begin.
Clorinde: First, please pick up the blank character cards in front of you, and write down your name and profession.
Clorinde: You can find an abbreviated version of the rules printed on the back of your character card. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
Clorinde: In this story, everyone is a Marechaussee Hunter. To reflect this, the club has prepared a small badge for everyone.
Paimon: Ooh! Nice!
Clorinde: As Hunters, you have proficiency in swordsmanship and fighting by default, so there's no need to allocate any additional skill points to those areas.
Paimon: Swordsmanship? So there's a fighting part to all of this? Umm... Paimon's not sure she can do all that on her own. Maybe Paimon can just stick with you?
Clorinde: #Why don't you share a character card, then? {NICKNAME} will be the Marechaussee Hunter and you can be {M#his}{F#her} little floating assistant.
Navia: Hahaha, kinda like in real life.
Furina: So, for the name... Do I fill it out with the name of my character?
Clorinde: Yep. It can be any name you like.
Navia: You can use your real name too, if you want. I do that whenever I get too lazy to think of a new name.
Furina: Oh! So, it would be like... like experiencing a different life, but still as yourself? That's not a bad idea.
Lyney: Hmm, in that case... I think I'll continue to use the name "Lyney," then.
Clorinde: Next up is the skill sheet. You have a limited amount of skill points that you can use to learn a number of skills. The more points you invest in a particular skill, the easier it will be to pass associated checks.
Navia: Hmm, I'll take "persuasion" and "investigation"! Those are must-haves when it comes to missions like these.
Paimon: Oh, those skills sound like they'd be useful for gathering intelligence. Good idea Navia! Just as expected of a veteran player!
Furina: Hmm... So should we also take those skills, then?
Lyney: Not necessarily. Since we're working together as a team, we could leave the negotiations to Navia, and use our skill points to pick up other useful skills.
Lyney: For example... I think I'll take "stealth" and "sleight of hand." That will give us more options if we run into any situations we can't negotiate our way out of.
Furina: Oh, interesting! I wasn't thinking about it like that. I suppose it's not so different from an acting troupe, everyone has their own role to play.
Furina: Let me see... I'll take "arts" and "performance." I'm not quite sure what use they'll be, but I'm not as knowledgeable about the other skills, and I'm not too confident I'd be able to roleplay them well.
Paimon: #Well, that leaves us! What do you want to learn, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Learn "insight"...
Paimon: Ohh, something that will help you get a read on other people's thoughts! Sounds useful!
Traveler: Learn "medicine"...
Paimon: Ooh, so you want to help people when they're injured? That's nice of you!
Paimon: So, what do you think? Are you sure you want to learn these two skills?
Traveler: Let me think about this some more...
Paimon: Sure. What do you want to learn?
Traveler: Learn "cooking"...
Paimon: Hehe, gotta say, this suits you really well! Nothing boosts morale like good food!
Traveler: Learn "medicine"...
Paimon: Ooh, so you want to help people when they're injured? That's nice of you!
Traveler: Learn "insight"...
Paimon: Ohh, something that will help you get a read on other people's thoughts! Sounds useful!
Traveler: Learn "medicine"...
Paimon: Ooh, so you want to help people when they're injured? That's nice of you!
Traveler: Learn "insight"...
Paimon: Ohh, something that will help you get a read on other people's thoughts! Sounds useful!
Traveler: Learn "cooking"...
Paimon: Hehe, gotta say, this suits you really well! Nothing boosts morale like good food!
Traveler: Yep, I'm sure.
Traveler: Learn "cooking"...
Paimon: Hehe, gotta say, this suits you really well! Nothing boosts morale like good food!

## Talk 2

Clorinde: Let's see... Hmm... Oh, looks like you each have enough points to choose one final skill.
Navia: You've all picked such classic skills! It's fine to go a little bit out of the box, you know.
Clorinde: (...Why do I get the feeling she's getting ready to cause trouble...)
Navia: For example... This one here! "Summon"! Doesn't it sound super mysterious and cool?
Furina: Oh, I saw that one just now as well. The description says... "This skill can be used under certain circumstances to summon characters or creatures that fit the script's worldbuilding rules."
Lyney: The script's worldbuilding rules, huh... But, how are we supposed to know what a Marechaussee Hunter can summon?
Navia: That's not for us to worry about, my friend! Just learn the skills that interest you, and the GM will take care of the rest!
Clorinde: ...
Paimon: Alright, you've convinced Paimon... Let's learn "Summon," then! Paimon can't wait to see what kind of thing shows up.
Clorinde: ...Well, now that everyone's more or less finished creating their characters, we can begin.
Clorinde: Since two of our players are doing this for the first time, though, let me ask...
Clorinde: Would you like to play on "easy mode," or "authentic mode"?
Furina: Oh, what's the difference between the two?
Clorinde: Well, in roleplaying games, the story sometimes changes based on the decisions of the players and the results of the Fateometer.
Clorinde: For example, if you "fail" a check, that means you cannot use the target skill in that scenario. A "critical failure" may even result in further negative consequences.
Clorinde: If you choose to play in "authentic mode," every time you elect to use a skill, you'll need to use the Fateometer to see whether you succeed or fail, and face any consequences that may follow.
Clorinde: If you choose "easy mode" instead, every check will be successful by default, and you won't have to worry about luck playing a factor.
Furina: Hmm... Given that I'd like to focus on the story, I suppose I should pick "easy mode." I'd feel bad if I brought the team down by failing my checks...
Navia: Huh? C'mon, don't worry about that! RNG is the lifeblood of roleplaying games! I'm going with "authentic mode" for sure!
Navia: Never knowing what you might have to overcome... Doesn't that sound exciting?
Furina: Um... I—I'd rather be mentally prepared for what might happen...
Clorinde: Alright. Then I'll mark down Furina for "easy mode." All her checks will be successful by default. As usual, Navia and Lyney will play on "authentic mode."
Navia: What about you, dear partner? How would you like to play?
Traveler: I'd like to pick "easy mode"...
Clorinde: Are you sure?
Traveler: Yep, I'm sure.
Lyney: Mhm, no need to worry about the pesky Fateometer. Pretty good choice if you just want to relax and play the game.
Navia: Honestly, I don't think Clorinde would make things too difficult for us no matter what the Fateometer says... Isn't that right, Clorinde?
Clorinde: No promises.
Paimon: Uh... That wasn't super reassuring!
Navia: Well, anyway, enough talk! Let's get started! I want to experience at least a good chunk of the story today.
Furina: Speaking of the story... Why is the beginning scene on a beach?
Clorinde: Well, that's because...
Clorinde: A long time ago, back when human civilization was still in its infancy, powerful demons and evil sorcerers ruled over the land. They created a host of monsters and sent them to slaughter all humans in existence...
Clorinde: Soon, a group of human rebels banded together. With their swords raised, they swore to brave the darkness and, in doing so, subdue each and every monster that sought their destruction. They became known as the Marechaussee Hunters...
Traveler: Let me think about this some more...
Clorinde: Take your time. There's no rush.
Traveler: I'd like to pick "authentic mode"...
Clorinde: Are you sure?
Traveler: Yep, I'm sure.
Navia: Hehe, trust me. You'll see the beauty of RNG!
Traveler: Let me think about this some more...
Clorinde: Take your time. There's no rush.

## Talk 3

Clorinde: Some time later, as a member of the Marechaussee Hunters, you receive a commission. Following the address provided on the message, you take a boat and arrive at this strange city.
Clorinde: As you inhale, you can taste the slightly salty air of the docks as you begin to survey your surroundings. There aren't many people in the vicinity, but you do take note of a few others who, like you, seem to be sizing up this place.
Clorinde: Your eyes meet, and you realize these people are fellow Marechaussee Hunters, likely led to this location after receiving the same commission as you.
Navia: You're all Marechaussee Hunters too, right? Allow me to introduce myself! The name's Navia — monster hunter by trade and helpful neighborhood businesswoman on the side.
Navia: What say you to traveling together? We can help each other out on the road.
Lyney: Okay! Count me in.
Lyney: My name is Lyney. I've been wandering since I was little, and picked up a few less than legal tricks along the way. I was adopted by a Marechaussee Hunter and, later, chose to follow in his footsteps.
Furina: (Is this where you introduce your character to everyone? It sounds like they've done this dozens of times.)
Furina: My name is Furina, and um... I grew up in a noble family. I always had a strong interest in performance and the arts. Even though I'm a Marechaussee Hunter, what I really want is to be a performing artiste...
Navia: Hey, that's really cool!
Navia: (You can do it, Furina! That's exactly how it's done!)
Paimon: Paimon is Paimon, a good friend and companion to this Marechaussee Hunter right here!

## Talk 4

Furina: What? A critical success? Your luck is through the roof today....
Clorinde: ...
Clorinde: As you begin to survey the man's condition, you're immediately able to see past the crude dressing on his leg and assess the inside of his wound.
Clorinde: You've seen many such injuries before. If not properly treated, the man will likely fall victim to serious illness for the rest of his life.
Clorinde: Seeing your serious expression, the man's brow begins to furrow.
Traveler: I'm a doctor by trade — please let me redress your wound. You don't have to suffer like this.
Clorinde: You apply a poultice of specialized medicine to the gash, and carefully redress the wound. The man regards you first with bewilderment and then with guilt.
Guard Captain: Thank you, friend. I'm sorry for misjudging you earlier. Please accept my apology.
Furina: Don't worry about it! That misunderstanding is all in the past now.
Paimon: So, do you know where we can find the monsters? We're here to defeat them.
Clorinde: He informs you of the locations of the monsters, and a glimmer of hope returns to his eyes.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. Our soldiers are too young to be of much help, and now I'm out of commission as well...
Guard Captain: But... But if the legendary Marechaussee Hunters are prepared to lend us their strength, then perhaps there's still a chance to turn the tides, after all!
Navia: Just take it easy and leave the monsters to us! Fighting them is what we do.
Guard Captain: I'll place my trust in you, then. You have my gratitude.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck.

## Talk 5

Navia: Greetings, friend! Lovely weather we're having today, don't you think?
Melancholic Young Woman: Oh, hello... I suppose you're right. The weather today is quite lovely. If only those monsters out there would stop causing trouble...
Furina: (It seems like every character included in the script has a certain amount of useful information to offer. If we keep asking questions, we might be able to get some good leads.)
Navia: Come now, don't be sad! Life is all about optimism! Oh, that reminds me, what did you have for breakfast this morning?
Melancholic Young Woman: ...Huh?
Furina: (Uh... I don't think that's the kind of question we're supposed to ask...)
Navia: Nothing turns a frown upside down like good food! How about some Macarons? I could make you some!
Furina: (...You didn't even take cooking as one of your skill proficiencies!)
Melancholic Young Woman: Ah... That's not necessary, Miss. Excuse me for saying this, but you don't really look like a chef. Besides, I'm not really a fan of sweets...
Navia: So you're someone who barely smiles and doesn't like sweets... Huh, you're really starting to remind me of this one friend of mine...
Melancholic Young Woman: Tch...
Navia: Hey, did she just "tch" me?
Furina: (Clorinde must have broke character for a second!)
Paimon: #This isn't getting us anywhere... {NICKNAME}, maybe you can think of something?

## Talk 6

Lyney: Ah, a critical failure. Unlucky timing...
Clorinde: The captain of the guards reluctantly allows you to assess his condition. Right as you're trying to get a closer look at his leg, your hand slips, and collides against his wound with great force...
Guard Captain: ARGH!
Paimon: That sounds like it hurt...
Traveler: I'm sorry... My skills are a little rusty.
Clorinde: The captain recoils and takes a half step back. He stares down at you, panting heavily, his eyes full of anger.
Guard Captain: I don't care what you have to say, or why you're here. You are not welcome in this city.
Guard Captain: Get out of my sight. Now!
Navia: I understand that you're upset, sir! We'll leave soon, I promise. It's just, if we don't know where to find the monsters, we won't even know where to go...
Guard Captain: Hah, don't tell me you're actually considering fighting one of those things?
Guard Captain: You know, put any other group of young people in your place, and I might have tried to stop them, but since you're the ones asking...
Clorinde: He informs you of the locations of the monsters with a disdainful tone, as if he's certain you have no chance of making it out alive.
Paimon: Phew, that was scary... Paimon was worried that critical failure meant we weren't gonna learn anything!
Navia: It's all thanks to Clorinde's quick thinking!
Guard Captain: Well, are you leaving or not?
Lyney: We're leaving, we're leaving！

## Talk 7

Furina: Although he doesn't seem very... friendly, merchants are usually a good source of information, right?
Lyney: Pardon me, sir. I'd like to ask a question, if I may.
Gruff Merchant: That depends. How much are you willing to pay?
Lyney: How about... this much?
Gruff Merchant: Tch, what do you take me for, some lowly beggar? You can't even buy half an onion with that amount!
Furina: Surely an onion can't be that expensive... right?
Gruff Merchant: What do you know? War is nearly upon us. Everything costs several times what it did before! If you're not gonna buy anything, then scram.
Paimon: Whoa, what a nasty guy. Maybe we shouldn't even bother talking to him...
Navia: #But he still might have information we need. {NICKNAME}, can you think of something?
Traveler: "Persuade" him, Navia!
Navia: Sir, we came to this city to solve the very problem you seem to be referring to. The "war" you mentioned... would it happen to be against the monsters outside the city?
Navia: If you happen to be well-informed, and know a thing or two about what's going on, we'd appreciate it if you could share that information with us. After all, the sooner this problem gets resolved, the easier it will be for you to do your business.
Gruff Merchant: Hmph. Well, things are basically as you said, young lady.
Gruff Merchant: Those monsters are camped outside the city, and they've been destroying all our trade routes.
Gruff Merchant: We have limited reserves within the city, so if this continues, we're all going to be in big trouble.
Furina: Wait, you're saying no one has put a plan in place to distribute supplies or maintain order?
Gruff Merchant: Hah, we could all starve, and those nobles in the palace wouldn't even break a sweat.
Gruff Merchant: Who knows? Maybe they've been in cahoots with the monsters all along.
Lyney: That is concerning...
Gruff Merchant: Alright, alright, that's all the information you need, right? Off with you, now. I've still got business to do...
Navia: You know, if you smiled a little more, you'd definitely get more business, and I bet that would make your life just a little bit sweeter! I'm not saying it's guaranteed to work. It's just a tip!
Traveler: Lyney, you're up!
Lyney: Okay, while everyone is talking, I secretly use my magic props to summon a bottle of wine without the merchant noticing.
Lyney: We meant no offense, sir. Here, allow me to offer you this bottle of vintage wine, made only from the finest grapes. I'll just leave it here. Please, enjoy it at your leisure.
Gruff Merchant: Hmm?
Lyney: Ah, I should mention that this wine is the perfect accompaniment to a meal. I'd suggest enjoying it with dinner.
Gruff Merchant: Hmm... Hmph, alright. Go on and ask. What do you want to know?
Lyney: Do you have any information on the monsters, or the crisis that has overtaken the kingdom?
Gruff Merchant: Crisis? Ha, if you ask me, there's a crisis everywhere you look.
Gruff Merchant: Those monsters are camped outside the city, and they've been destroying all our trade routes.
Gruff Merchant: We have limited reserves within the city, so if this continues, we're all going to be in big trouble.
Furina: Wait, you're saying no one has put a plan in place to distribute supplies or maintain order?
Gruff Merchant: Hah, we could all starve, and those nobles in the palace wouldn't even break a sweat.
Gruff Merchant: Who knows? Maybe they've been in cahoots with the monsters all along.
Lyney: That is concerning...
Lyney: Thank you, sir. We won't take up any more of your time, now.
Paimon: Hey, why did you leave in such a hurry?
Lyney: Weeeell, you see, that bottle of "wine" was just a cardboard prop.
Traveler: Furina, put on a performance!
Furina: (A performance? I've never played a roleplaying game like this before, but even I can tell that suggestion is pretty far-fetched. Is a performance check really going to help here?)
Furina: Um... Alright. Ahem...
Furina: By the harbor's grace, a lone boat lies in rest, let the moon give chase, for here begins our quest.
Furina: In the dark of shadow, our heroes seek to find, where creatures born of evil, weave their grand design.
Furina: Blocked the road does stand, such is our hunters' plight, yet with sword and courage in hand, they march forth to pierce the night.
Gruff Merchant: Hmph, I don't recall asking for a bardic song. Don't expect me to give you any coin.
Gruff Merchant: But if you meant what you sang, and you are indeed some kind of hunter... Then by all means, please go out, and kill those monsters for us.
Gruff Merchant: Those monsters are camped outside the city, and they've been destroying all our trade routes.
Gruff Merchant: We have limited reserves within the city, so if this continues, we're all going to be in big trouble.
Furina: Wait, you're saying no one has put a plan in place to distribute supplies or maintain order?
Gruff Merchant: Hah, we could all starve, and those nobles in the palace wouldn't even break a sweat.
Gruff Merchant: Who knows? Maybe they've been in cahoots with the monsters all along.
Lyney: That is concerning...
Gruff Merchant: Alright, I think I've said more than enough. Be on your way, now.
Furina: ...Got it. Thank you, sir.
Paimon: Don't mind him, Furina. He just doesn't have enough taste to appreciate your art.
Furina: Oh, no, I was just thinking about... how those nobles must be so cold-hearted. It's like they don't care about their people at all!

## Talk 8

Clorinde: With some suspicion, the captain allows you to survey his condition after you announce yourself as a trained doctor.
Clorinde: Unfortunately, you're unable to adequately assess the source of his injury, much less come up with a way to relieve his pain.
Traveler: I'm sorry... My skills are a little rusty.
Guard Captain: Well, this is no ordinary wound... it was inflicted by a monster. Now, tell me, are you truly... a Marechaussee Hunter?
Clorinde: He regards you with suspicion for quite some time, before shaking his head. Perhaps he's finally accepted that you're here to help.
Navia: Sir, we were indeed in the city earlier, but our purpose was only to gather information on the monsters. We're here to help this city and all the people within it.
Navia: Your guards are still fighting the monsters as we speak. They could be seriously wounded and in grave need of support. You need all the help you can get!
Clorinde: The man regards you with doubt and concern. After a period of inner struggle, he lets out a long sigh, and informs you of the locations where the monsters have appeared.
Guard Captain: Some of our new recruits have never even dealt with a petty thief, and now they're out there fighting monsters... *sigh* If it weren't for this cursed leg...!
Navia: Please, sir, don't get too worked up. You need to focus on your recovery. Just leave the monsters to us — we're Marechaussee Hunters, after all.
Clorinde: Hearing you say that, a glimmer of hope flashes in his eyes. But, it disappears almost as quickly as it came.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. But... if you insist on going, I won't stop you, either.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck...

## Talk 9

Clorinde: He doesn't seem to notice your approach. Still immersed in his own thoughts, he shakes his head and lets out a long sigh.
Furina: (This guy seems promising enough. Maybe I can get some information out of him!)
Furina: Hello, sir! Is there anything I can do to help you?
Anxious Man: ...
Anxious Man: Wait, you're...!
Furina: Erm, I'm...
Anxious Man: Oh, dear goodness, you're... you're a Marechaussee Hunter!
Lyney: You recognize us? Ah, are you... one of the people who wrote the commission letter?
Anxious Man: Yes, yes! I didn't expect you to actually come. What great news... The city is saved!
Furina: What happened here?
Anxious Man: Alas... We once lived comfortable, carefree lives. This city used to be free of monsters. The first Marechaussee Hunter, Cassiodor, the "Golden Hunter," he was the one who drove them back.
Anxious Man: However... Monsters have once again surrounded the city. Perhaps the seal that kept them at bay has lost its power, or perhaps an evil sorcerer has been meddling in our affairs. All I know for sure is that their return has stripped this city of any chance at peace.
Navia: Are there... not enough soldiers to drive them out?
Anxious Man: It's not a question of numbers. The guards simply have no idea how to deal with them.
Anxious Man: Most people my age have never even seen one of the monsters, much less been trained to fight against them. What's worse, many of us don't even know the history of the Marechaussee Hunters anymore.
Anxious Man: When I was a child, though, my grandfather would tell me stories about how the Marechaussee Hunters drove back the monsters. So, on the off-chance that something might come of it, I decided to reach out to you.
Anxious Man: To be perfectly honest, I was starting to think all those stories were just tall tales, but now that I've seen you in person, I finally know that it was true!
Navia: Well, you can rest easy, friend! The righteous and formidable Marechaussee Hunters are on the case!
Clorinde: The man is touched by your determination and resolve. His eyes begin to well with tears of relief.
Furina: Still, if we're going to hunt the monsters, we need to know where to find them. Can you give us any leads?
Anxious Man: All I know is that the area outside the city is dangerous. I'm afraid I can't point you toward a specific location.
Anxious Man: Although, if you leave the capital through the main gate and follow the road, you should run into a group of guards. They might know more about where to find the monsters.
Navia: I see... We'll go look for them, then.
Anxious Man: Alright, be careful. Oh and... one last thing. The monsters outside the city are just part of the problem. There are evil sorcerers inside the city as well, so be on your guard.
Anxious Man: They're actively working with the monsters, and have corrupted the court ministers with malicious magic. They're the reason why, even inside the city, everything has been a giant mess.
Anxious Man: Even one of our kindest ministers has turned into a boorish and unreasonable figure, interested in nothing but enacting laws that exploit the people. Who knows how much longer we'll be able to go on like this...
Lyney: Talk about being stuck between a rock and a hard place...
Navia: I feel bad for him. Maybe we should try to cheer him up?
Traveler: I could cook something?
Furina: Hey, not everything can be solved with food!
Anxious Man: I appreciate your kindness, but for now, it's more important to focus on the crisis at hand.
Anxious Man: Brave Hunters, I leave the future of this kingdom to you.
Traveler: Furina could sing him a song?
Furina: Huh? Like... now? Is this really the right time...?

## Talk 10

Furina: If I understood correctly, there are currently two problems in the kingdom that need solving, right?
Lyney: Exactly. We need to defeat the monsters outside the city and take down the evil sorcerers stirring up trouble from within.
Navia: But, which problem should we tackle first...
Clorinde: Well, this seems like a good moment for a break. Take some time, and discuss what you want to do. Let me know when you've made your decision.
Furina: Huh... I really didn't expect the people in the city to keep us at arm's length like that. I totally thought the Hunters would be treated like heroes.
Paimon: Well, Clorinde said the script took cues from the real history of Fontaine, right? Maybe the real-life Marechaussee Hunters were also treated like that?
Clorinde: I wouldn't say it's a perfect representation of history, but there are definitely some similarities. Would you like to hear more about it?
Navia: Sure, as long as it doesn't spoil anything in the script! You've brought up bits and pieces of the Hunters' history before, but it was all in passing.
Paimon: Paimon wants to know, too! The Hunters were super powerful, right? Were they all from a special line of supernatural beings or something? Kinda like... the youkai in Inazuma?
Clorinde: No, all Marechaussee Hunters were ordinary mortal fighters. The only thing that set them apart were the special sword techniques passed down over the centuries.
Paimon: Huh? So you mean... anyone could become a Marechaussee Hunter?
Clorinde: In theory, yes. All you would need to do is survive the rigorous training, and master the swordsmanship techniques required to fight the monsters.
Clorinde: Still, most people dropped out at the early stages, and others called it quits the minute they saw a monster in person. To become a Hunter, you must be strong in both body and mind.
Paimon: What kind of monsters did the Hunters fight exactly? Oh and, the "evil sorcerer" the script mentions — did they exist in real life, too?
Clorinde: The land of Fontaine once played host to an ancient dynasty known as Remuria. After that dynasty fell, monsters began to appear, intent on obstructing humans from establishing a new social order.
Clorinde: One of the ancient sorcerers of Remuria used his power to assemble a formidable army of golems. He sought to use that force to establish himself as king.
Navia: Now wait a second! Don't tell me that guy was the inspiration for the evil sorcerer in the script! We still haven't found any in-game information on him yet, so why don't you talk about someone else for now?
Clorinde: Well, I wasn't planning on going into anything you might be able to find out in the game... But, if you want me to talk about something else, then... How about Cassiodor, the Golden Hunter, or Egeria, the ex-Hydro Archon?
Paimon: Wait, but those people are all from a super long time ago! Where did you learn all this, Clorinde?
Clorinde: From my master.
Navia: By "master," you mean... Ms. Petronilla?
Furina: Someone you know?
Navia: Absolutely. Ms. Petronilla and my father were good friends. Back in the day, she would often bring Clorinde over to play. But then...
Clorinde: ...Let's not get off topic. Anyway, back to what I was saying...
Clorinde: Responding to Egeria's call, a number of warriors followed Cassiodor into battle against the monsters. This group of warriors, under Cassiodor's leadership, became known as the Marechaussee Hunters.
Clorinde: Yet, as Fontaine entered an era of peace, their work gradually became obsolete. The Marechaussee Phantom, originally an association made up of Hunters, eventually came to be predominantly comprised of Melusines.
Lyney: Ah, I see... That explains why most of the people in the script have forgotten the Hunters or think of them as nothing more than a legend.
Furina: Is that really a bad thing, though? It can get tough always being the one shouldering everyone's expectations.
Lyney: Hmm, depends on who you ask, I suppose. If the name of the organization no longer commands respect, investigative work is bound to suffer.
Navia: Speaking of investigations, which problem should we tackle first? Monsters, or evil sorcerer?
Furina: I vote monsters. That's the main duty of the Hunters, right? We can come back to the sorcerer later.
Lyney: Well said, Miss Furina. Plus, if the sorcerer really are the masterminds behind this whole thing, defeating the monsters could give us some clues on their intentions as well.
Navia: What about you, partner? What do you think?
Traveler: I also vote monsters.
Navia: It's decided, then!
Clorinde: Alright, after some discussion, you decide to turn around and head out of the city...
Traveler: The sorcerer problem seems pretty important...
Navia: I mean... you're not wrong. But, those characters are usually the ones pulling the strings behind the scenes. More often than not, they're very formidable opponents. Going after them now might be jumping the gun a little bit.
Navia: We don't want a total party kill on the first day, right? With Clorinde as the GM, I wouldn't rule out the possibility...
Traveler: ...You've "persuaded" me.
Navia: Haha, then it's settled! Let's go hunt some monsters!

## Talk 11

Paimon: Let's take a look around, like that guy said...
Clorinde: You there! Outsiders! Halt!
Paimon: Whoa! Wh—Who's there?
Clorinde: An armored man approaches you. He has a tall, muscular build and a determined expression in his eyes. Just one look, and you can tell he's fought in his fair share of battles.
Clorinde: Although he's trying his best to conceal his current state, his uneven gait and the sweat dripping down his forehead make it obvious that he's been wounded and is in serious pain.
Guard Captain: I'm the captain of the guard. I saw you sneaking around the city earlier, so I'll only ask this once...
Guard Captain: State your purpose, or it's off to the dungeons for the lot of you!
Paimon: Wow, it's been a while since someone's been this suspicious of us...
Guard Captain: I said talk! Not whisper between yourselves!
Furina: Er... Have you ever heard of the Marechaussee Hunters?
Guard Captain: Marechaussee Hunters? Hah, that fairy tale, you mean? What, you expect me to believe you're one of them?

## Talk 12

Traveler: I'd like to do a medicine check to see if I can help him...

## Talk 13

Traveler: I'd like to do an insight check to tell what he's thinking...
Clorinde: While everyone is talking, you begin to carefully observe the captain's mannerisms.
Clorinde: Every so often, you see him glance toward a particular direction with a pained expression on his face, as if an invisible thread is tying him to an unknown place.
Clorinde: As you follow his gaze, you vaguely recall that the location he seems fixated on is known for its difficult terrain. Any battle that breaks out in a place like that is likely to be prolonged and devastating.
Traveler: Is that where the monsters are? Outside the forest, in the area with the difficult terrain?
Clorinde: The captain is taken aback by your sudden question. Still, his shock only lends credence to your theory.
Guard Captain: You're... looking to fight the monsters?
Navia: Well, we're Marechaussee Hunters, after all. You could say that's basically our job!
Clorinde: He shakes his head and continues to regard you with skepticism. In the end, he decides to inform you of the locations where the monsters have appeared.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. But... if you insist on going, I won't stop you, either.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck...

## Talk 14

Traveler: We're counting on you, Navia!
Navia: Sir, we were indeed in the city earlier, but our purpose was only to gather information on the monsters. We're here to help this city and all the people within it.
Navia: Your guards are still fighting the monsters as we speak. They could be seriously wounded and in grave need of support. You need all the help you can get!
Clorinde: The man regards you with doubt and concern. After a period of inner struggle, he lets out a long sigh, and informs you of the locations where the monsters have appeared.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. But... if you insist on going, I won't stop you, either.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck...

## Talk 15

Traveler: We used to be doctors.
Traveler: I've been studying medicine ever since I was a child. I want to do my part to eradicate these monsters and use what I've learned to heal others.
Navia: Welcome, welcome! When we face the monsters, I'll make sure to charge in front to give everyone some cover. You can take care of the healing at the back!

## Talk 16

Paimon: This is the place he mentioned... right?
Clorinde: You see broken iron swords scattered all around you and downed trees riddled with terrifying claw marks.
Clorinde: All the signs point to one thing — a truly devastating battle just took place here.
Navia: Be on your guard, everyone. The monsters might still be around...
Clorinde: Before you can finish your sentence, you hear rustling sounds from the surrounding bushes. The monsters have emerged.
Clorinde: They close in on you without fear. You get the impression that, in their bloodthirsty eyes, you're just another meal for them to devour.
Paimon: Argh! L—Little help here! This thing wants to eat Paimon!
Clorinde: Your battle round begins... now.

## Talk 17

Traveler: I'd like to do an insight check to tell what he's thinking...
Clorinde: While everyone is talking, you begin to carefully observe the captain's mannerisms.
Clorinde: Every so often, you see him glance toward a particular direction with a pained expression on his face, as if an invisible thread is tying him to an unknown place.
Clorinde: As you follow his gaze, you vaguely recall that the location he seems fixated on is known for its difficult terrain. Any battle that breaks out in a place like that is likely to be prolonged and devastating.
Traveler: Is that where the monsters are? Outside the forest, in the area with the difficult terrain?
Clorinde: The captain is taken aback by your sudden question. Still, his shock only lends credence to your theory.
Guard Captain: You're... looking to fight the monsters?
Navia: Well, we're Marechaussee Hunters, after all. You could say that's basically our job!
Clorinde: He shakes his head and continues to regard you with skepticism. In the end, he decides to inform you of the locations where the monsters have appeared.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. But... if you insist on going, I won't stop you, either.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck...

## Talk 18

Traveler: We used to be chefs.
Traveler: I've been studying the culinary arts since I was a child. I hope my delicious food can help boost people's spirits.
Furina: That's wonderful. I'll be looking forward to your cooking during our adventures together.
Lyney: Well, if we're all here for the same commission, why don't we take some time to confirm what we need to do?

## Talk 19

Clorinde: You open your envelopes at the same time. The message reads...
Clorinde: "To the honorable and trustworthy Marechaussee Hunters: our kingdom is currently facing a grave crisis."
Clorinde: "The lands outside the capital have been overtaken by monsters, and our people are being led astray by forces of wickedness. We beseech you, please help us resolve this crisis, and return peace and stability to our home."
Paimon: Huh, the layout of this city looks super familiar... It kind of reminds Paimon of Mondstadt!
Navia: The script writer must have used a real-world city as a reference when coming up with the map.
Clorinde: Ahem... As experienced Hunters, the layout of the city reminds you of places once traveled. You recall the sight of tree-lined streets and the gentle tranquility of days gone by...
Clorinde: Yet, as you regard the city in front of you, it appears to be little more than an empty shell. Its hollow gates are open to you, beckoning you to come forth and bring salvation back to the town.
Lyney: I carefully read every line of the letter and turn my attention to the signatures at the bottom. Who issued this commission to us?
Clorinde: You see a long string of unfamiliar names. It would seem that many of the residents of the city issued this commission together. They sensed that things were not right within the kingdom and sent a distress signal to the outside world.
Furina: Hmm, in that case, why don't we take a walk around the city, and see if we can learn anything from the local residents?
Navia: Good idea! We might be able to get some leads on the monsters and bad guys we're after!
Clorinde: You look up and see a tavern nearby. It appears to be open for the day.
Furina: Why don't we go check out that tavern? If the novels I've read are anything to go by, taverns are usually full of information.

## Talk 20

Clorinde: The monsters let out a terrifying roar of anger and resentment, before dissipating into thin air.
Navia: Phew... Thank goodness it's over!
Lyney: We're lucky the Marechaussee Hunter class came with all those preset skill points. Otherwise, we would've been in some real trouble.
Furina: I never knew the Fateometer even determines the amount of damage you inflict... If you get unlucky, isn't it just game over right then and there?
Navia: Hehe, that's part of the fun! The uncertainty of fate is what gives these games their appeal.
Clorinde: Just as you begin to celebrate your victory, a suspicious lump on the ground catches your attention.
Paimon: A suspicious... lump? Wait, could it be... the thing that appears after every battle...!?
Navia: I walk up to it, crouch down, and begin to carefully examine it. I've still got my right glove on, so it should be fine for me to touch it, right?
Clorinde: As you investigate the mound, you discover that the exposed portion appears to be made of wood. It was previously obscured by the large form of the monsters.
Clorinde: With the monsters gone, the small protrusion now awaits your discovery, poking out of the ground like a shy flower bud.
Paimon: Woah! It's a treasure chest!
Traveler: Let's dig it up!

## Talk 21

Clorinde: Using your knowledge of medicine, you're able to deduce that the injury on his calf was a monster's doing, and the wound has already begun to fester. As you check him over, he looks at you with suspicion and retracts his injured leg further back.
Traveler: I'm a doctor by trade — please let me redress your wound. You don't have to suffer like this.
Clorinde: The man appears somewhat disgruntled at having been exposed, but soon relents and raises his leg for you to take a better look.
Clorinde: He allows you to apply a poultice of specialized medicine to the wound, and it appears to bring him much relief. The tension in his brow eases.
Guard Captain: Alright... Guess you lot might actually be real Marechaussee Hunters, after all. In any case, you've successfully treated my wound. So, what do you want to know?
Paimon: Do you know where we can find the monsters? Or the other guards who are fighting them?
Clorinde: He informs you of the various locations where monsters have appeared. He looks in that general direction with a pained gaze, as if a thin, invisible thread is pulling on his wound.
Guard Captain: Some of our new recruits have never even dealt with a petty thief, and now they're out there fighting monsters... *sigh* If it weren't for this cursed leg...!
Navia: Please, sir, don't get too worked up. You need to focus on your recovery. Just leave the monsters to us — we're Marechaussee Hunters, after all.
Clorinde: Hearing you say that, a glimmer of hope flashes in his eyes. But, it disappears almost as quickly as it came.
Guard Captain: Those monsters aren't easy to deal with. But... if you insist on going, I won't stop you, either.
Guard Captain: I just hope all the guards will be able to come back to their families alive. I wish you the best of luck...

## Talk 22

Clorinde: With everyone's help, you successfully excavate the wooden chest from the ground.
Clorinde: Even without opening it, you can tell from the mora and jewels scattered around the chest that it must contain quite the fortune.
Paimon: Makes sense! We worked hard for this! Let's open it, and we can share what's inside!
Lyney: Haha, I can understand your excitement, Paimon, but think about it... Doesn't it seem like there are people out there who need this treasure more than us?
Navia: Yeah! Think about all the people suffering in the capital or all those guards who got hurt fighting the monsters... Wouldn't it be better if we gave the treasure to them?
Paimon: Wait, is that how it works? Paimon thought, since we were the ones to dig it up, we could just take it for ourselves...
Navia: Well, let's put it this way... Any decision you make during a roleplaying game can impact the future course of the story.
Furina: But, would the people really believe us? It's hard enough for us to prove we're Marechaussee Hunters. What if they think we procured the treasure illegally? They might get even more suspicious of us...
Lyney: That's definitely something we should consider. Maybe we can come up with an explanation in advance...
Paimon: Well, if donating it could cause that much trouble, why don't we use it to buy some gear and fill up on good food? Then, we'll be ready to fight even more bad guys!
Clorinde: Looks like you're facing a difficult choice once again.
Clorinde: Well, it's getting late. Why don't we call it a day for now.
Furina: Wow, where did the time go...
Lyney: Haha, I'm not sure if it's because I'm having so much fun with you all, or because the story is particularly enticing... But, I feel like I could almost keep going.
Navia: Hear, hear! Ooh, how about we play through the night!
Furina: Huh!? Oh, um... I'm not sure I'll have enough energy for that...
Lyney: Yeah, that won't work for me, either. Lynette will give me an earful if I get home too late.
Clorinde: I understand how you feel, Navia, but we have to change venues for the next part of the story, anyway.
Navia: Huh? Another location?
Clorinde: Mhm. There's a special note for the GM at the end of this section that says to proceed to an indoor set for the next part of the script.
Navia: Woah, they really pulled out all the stops for this new script!
Paimon: Well, even if we end the game for the day, we can still stay a little longer and hear Clorinde finish her story, right? Paimon wants to hear more about the history of the Hunters...
Furina: Hmm, something tells me you just want to finish the free desserts before we break for the day...
Paimon: Th—That's just a coincidence, okay? Besides, to Paimon, not finishing free food feels even worse than having to buy her own!
Paimon: And anyway, Paimon really does want to hear more about Clorinde's master!
Navia: Well...
Traveler: If the story doesn't have a happy ending...
Clorinde: It's nothing. I appreciate the concern, but it's all in the past. It won't do any harm to share these things now.
Clorinde: My earliest memories are of living with Master. According to her, she saved me from certain people of ill repute. My birth parents had left me behind some time before that.
Furina: (What a heavy beginning for a life story...)
Clorinde: Master was a fascinating individual, if... inexperienced in the ways of raising children.
Clorinde: My first ever toy was a short sword. Although, I suppose it wasn't so much a toy as something Master removed from her waist and handed to a noisy child in need of distraction.
Furina: Wait, so she... handed an actual sword to a child? Isn't that dangerous!? Did you hurt yourself?
Clorinde: Of course I did. I cut my palm, and bled quite a lot. But Master was not concerned. She just stood there and casually lectured me about it—
Clorinde: "See? That's what you get for not holding the sword properly," she told me. She then crouched down next to me and said, "Give me your hand. I'll teach you to bandage this wound. After that, it's time to learn how to truly hold a blade."
Lyney: Excuse me for asking this, Clorinde, but... how old were you, exactly, when all of this happened?
Clorinde: Probably around... three? Give or take.
Furina: Three!? Isn't that when most kids are still struggling to hold a fork?
Clorinde: As I said, Master was... rather inexperienced in the ways of raising children. She believed trial and error was the best way to teach a child what they're capable of.
Lyney: (I'm not so sure this is a question of "experience"...)
Clorinde: I didn't see anything wrong with her ways at the time, and, anyway, children don't get to choose how they're raised... Oh, she did bring me back a pet from Liyue once. It was a Geovishap Hatchling.
Paimon: A Geovishap Hatchling!? For a pet!? That seems even more dangerous!
Clorinde: What she said was this — "Make sure to get along, you two. If you really can't agree on something, just settle it with a fight. Whoever loses is the real pet."
Lyney: Uh... And how old were you when this happened?
Clorinde: Five.
Furina: Well... Did you win?
Clorinde: No, I lost.
Paimon: So you're saying... You actually became... the Geovishap's pet?
Clorinde: Yes, but only for a week. By the end of that week, I defeated it in combat, and we've shared a cordial relationship ever since.
Furina: (That really doesn't sound like the kind of childhood someone should have...)
Clorinde: Later on, I gradually understood that Master most likely didn't know any other way to raise a child. She was a Marechaussee Hunter, but I never heard her bring up her own parents.
Clorinde: Thanks to her, I learned how to navigate the forest by the age of six, and could hunt monsters in the wild by myself the year after that.
Clorinde: Even though the training she subjected me to was strict, she always made sure to take me traveling when she had the time. We met many of her friends during those days... That was also how I met Mr. Callas and his family.
Navia: I still remember the first time we met. You were too scared to join our picnic and hid behind Ms. Petronilla the whole time.
Clorinde: I still... hadn't really met many children my age at that time, so I didn't know how to interact with others.
Navia: After that, though, you started coming over a lot. You loved challenging people to shooting competitions, remember? I don't think many members of the Spina ever beat you in one of those.
Clorinde: I had a lot of fun during those days.
Navia: Hehe, I enjoyed them too! Oh, do you remember that one time we went exploring around the Spina together? We overheard Papa call your Master Fontaine's "Protector of Justice."
Navia: We tried to pretend like we never heard anything, but you nearly let it slip that one time, hahaha...
Furina: "Protector of Justice"? Wait, you mean... that vigilante hero from twenty years ago? The one who was always active at night?
Clorinde: Yep, that would be her. She would often put on a black cloak and go out at night. I never knew where she went or what she was doing... until, like Navia said, we overheard the truth from Mr. Callas that night.
Furina: Twenty years ago, huh... I still remember the Gardes leaving all kinds of witness reports about her on Neuvillette's desk.
Clorinde: My apologies.
Furina: Oh... There's no need to apologize! You had nothing to do with it. And, anyway, everything she did was for a good cause.
Furina: Although, calling herself the "Protector of Order" was a bit much, especially when she deliberately operated outside the law...
Paimon: Huh? When did the "Protector of Justice" become the "Protector of Order"?
Furina: Oh, she had a bunch of codenames. I heard she would just come up with a name on the spot whenever she was asked...
Furina: Later on, she probably got sick of answering those questions and decided to stick to just two — the "Protector of Justice" and the "Protector of Order."
Clorinde: That sounds like her, all right. I bet she forgot which of the two she'd used by the time she got back each night.
Lyney: Well, she certainly sounds like a fascinating individual. With her strong sense of justice, it's no surprise her student followed in her footsteps.
Clorinde: It's true. I always wanted to become like her. Someone powerful, independent, and with a strong sense of conviction... But...
Lyney: But...?
Navia: ...
Clorinde: ...She suddenly disappeared the night I turned ten years old.
Paimon: Disappeared!? What happened?
Clorinde: I have no idea. She didn't even leave a note. I was never able to find out where she went.
Clorinde: That night, I was celebrating my birthday at Navia's house, but Master never came to pick me up. When I returned home on my own, it was to an empty house.
Clorinde: When she still didn't appear after a few days, I went to Mr. Callas' house to ask about her whereabouts, but he only shook his head.
Navia: Papa probably didn't know, either. I know he sent a few people to investigate the matter in secret, but... they never found any credible leads.
Clorinde: Don't worry, I understand. To be perfectly honest, given Master's personality and way of doing things, it all made a lot of sense. If I had to guess, I'd say she probably used it as an opportunity to force me to become independent.
Clorinde: Just like how... when a litter of kittens reaches a certain age, the mother willingly leaves them behind.
Furina: Were... Were you upset, Clorinde?
Clorinde: I was at first, but not anymore. I don't believe Master would suddenly disappear for no reason. There must have been something she just had to do.
Paimon: Well, despite everything, you still managed to follow in her footsteps and become the greatest Champion Duelist in all of Fontaine! You're practically a living symbol of law and justice!
Clorinde: Hmm, I suspect my position would be far too "by-the-books" for her. Master always did whatever she pleased. But... you're right. I suppose I do take after her in some ways.
Furina: (Who knew Clorinde had such an interesting past... I never had the chance to ask her about it before.)
Furina: (I wonder.. If Clorinde's master were the Champion Duelist back then... Would that duel against Mr. Callas have gone differently?)
Furina: (Oh no... Judging by the atmosphere, Clorinde and Navia are probably thinking something similar. The mood just got super awkward all of a sudden...)
Navia: Well, anyway! Would you look at the time? It's getting dark, so we should probably call it a day for real this time. If we keep talking like this, we really will be here all night!
Lyney: I had a great time today, Miss Clorinde. Thank you for being our GM.
Clorinde: Anytime.
Navia: The script was good, but I've got to say, your childhood stories were even better!
Navia: Hey, you should tell us more about that fight against the Geovishap some time! Maybe your master was onto something, hehe!
Clorinde: Hm, you could be right.
Furina: (What does she mean, "onto something"? I certainly don't know any five-year-olds who want to fight a vishap in their spare time!)
Furina: Guess I'll head back as well. I need to save my energy if I want to continue enjoying the story tomorrow.
Clorinde: You're that excited to hear about my fight with the vishap?
Furina: I was talking about the script!
Traveler: It's okay not to finish it...

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Traveler: How about I cook something? Right here, right now!
Clorinde: ...Are you sure?
Traveler: Positive!
Clorinde: In that case, please refer to the Fateometer.

### Additional Talk 2

Paimon: Whoa, it was a success!
Clorinde: You remain silent as you prepare a pot and fire to use for cooking. The woman stares at you with her mouth agape as you skillfully cut the ingredients and toss them into the pot.
Clorinde: After some time, a rich aroma begins to fill the air. Even a passing cat can't help but stop in its tracks and look up in anticipation.
Traveler: Please have some food. Who knows, maybe you'll feel better after eating something delicious?
Navia: Woah, that's amazing!
Furina: (Wait... So, as long as you pass the check, you can pretty much do anything, and it won't be seen as absurd?)
Melancholic Young Woman: Thank you...
Melancholic Young Woman: Hah... You were right. This food really did make me feel better...
Paimon: So, what had you so worried earlier? Could you tell us a bit more about it?
Melancholic Young Woman: *sigh*... Okay, let me fill you in...

### Additional Talk 3

Paimon: Huh? We failed the check...
Clorinde: You remain silent as you prepare a pot and fire to use for cooking. The woman stares at you with her mouth agape as you skillfully cut the ingredients and toss them into the pot.
Clorinde: Perhaps your skills have regressed due to lack of use, but, soon, the unpleasant smell of something burnt fills the air.
Traveler: Oh no... I screwed it up.
Navia: It's all black around the edges!
Melancholic Young Woman: I appreciate the... thought, but I think I'll pass.
Lyney: Ahem... Miss, we'd love to learn more about the "monsters" you mentioned. If you're willing to open up to us, we might just be able to help resolve the troubles you're facing.
Furina: (You weren't even the one that learned "persuasion"...)
Melancholic Young Woman: My troubles, you say... *sigh* I'm not sure they're so easily resolved, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt to share them with you.

### Additional Talk 4

Paimon: Eh? A critical success!?
Clorinde: You remain silent as you prepare a pot and fire to use for cooking. The woman stares at you with her mouth agape as you skillfully cut the ingredients and toss them into the pot.
Clorinde: As the soup gently simmers, steam rises from the pot and a hearty aroma begins to fill the air. All trace of sadness is wiped from the woman's expression, replaced by a look of barely-suppressed anticipation.
Traveler: Please have some food. Who knows, maybe you'll feel better after eating something delicious?
Melancholic Young Woman: Ah... Thank you so much.
Melancholic Young Woman: This is the best meal I've had in a long time... probably since my husband left to fight the monsters.
Paimon: Is your husband a Marechaussee Hunter, too?
Melancholic Young Woman: A Marechaussee Hunter? No... My husband is just one of the guards from the capital.
Melancholic Young Woman: A horde of monsters suddenly appeared near the capital recently, so all the guards were dispatched to fight them.
Lyney: Do you remember when those monsters appeared?
Melancholic Young Woman: ...I'm not completely sure. All I know is that my husband was dispatched to fight them three days ago.
Furina: Do you know where he was sent?
Melancholic Young Woman: It all happened so fast. When we said our goodbyes, he couldn't even tell me where they were sending him.
Navia: Don't worry, we'll find him! Just try to remain optimistic and wait for good news!
Traveler: And don't forget to eat.
Melancholic Young Woman: Thank you all so much. And I will... I will...

### Additional Talk 5

Paimon: S—Seriously!?
Navia: (Uh-oh! A critical failure!)
Clorinde: You remain silent as you prepare a pot and fire to use for cooking. The woman stares at you with her mouth agape as you skillfully cut the ingredients and toss them into the pot.
Clorinde: Splash... Swoosh... Clang.
Paimon: Clang!?
Clorinde: You're unable to maintain control over the force of your stirring and accidentally knock over the entire pot. Hot soup spills all over the ground. You see evidence of your failed creation splattered on the surrounding furniture and across the hemline of the woman's skirt.
Traveler: Oh no... I screwed it up.
Melancholic Young Woman: ...Excuse me. What is the meaning of this?
Traveler: Ahh, I'm so sorry!!
Navia: #{M#He}{F#She} just wanted to cook something delicious to cheer you up! {M#He}{F#She} really didn't do this on purpose.
Furina: (Is this situation salvageable at all?)
Melancholic Young Woman: ...Hmph.
Melancholic Young Woman: Please, leave me be. I just want to be alone.
Lyney: But, Miss...
Melancholic Young Woman: Please, don't force me to repeat myself.
Navia: Ahahaha... Well, at least let us help clean up.
Lyney: Critical failures are bound to happen... Don't be discouraged. Let's try and ask someone else.

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: I'd like to do an insight check to see what's troubling her.
Clorinde: The results of insight checks aren't disclosed to the players, so I'll be the one consulting the Fateometer.
Clorinde: You recall all the lessons you've learned in your time and begin to carefully observe the woman's mannerisms.
Clorinde: You notice that when she's quiet, she has an empty look in her eyes, as if her thoughts have drifted to a place far, far away. And when she speaks, she often subconsciously reaches out to touch the ring on her left hand.
Traveler: Did something happen to your husband?
Melancholic Young Woman: Ah... So you noticed. That's a little embarrassing, haha...

### Additional Talk 7

Traveler: Um, any help here, Lyney?
Lyney: Ahem... Miss, we'd love to learn more about the "monsters" you mentioned. If you're willing to open up to us, we might just be able to help resolve the troubles you're facing.
Furina: (You weren't even the one that learned "persuasion"...)
Melancholic Young Woman: My troubles, you say... *sigh* I'm not sure they're so easily resolved, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt to share them with you.

### Additional Talk 8

Melancholic Young Woman: A horde of monsters suddenly appeared near the capital recently, so all the guards were dispatched to fight them.
Lyney: Do you remember when those monsters appeared?
Melancholic Young Woman: ...I'm not completely sure. All I know is that my husband was dispatched to fight them three days ago.
Furina: Do you know where he was sent?
Melancholic Young Woman: It all happened so fast. When we said our goodbyes, he couldn't even tell me where they were sending him.
Lyney: You have our thanks, friend. We'll find and defeat those monsters as soon as possible. We sincerely hope your husband will be able to return to your side soon.
Melancholic Young Woman: Thank you...
Navia: Don't worry, we'll find him! Just try to remain optimistic and wait for good news!
Navia: We don't always get to choose what happens to us, but we do get to choose the little things, like what we eat and how we respond to the things life throws our way. I hope that, one day, you too will recognize the power of something as small and inconsequential as a delicious dessert!
Melancholic Young Woman: I... I'll do my best.
Clorinde: You bid farewell to the woman and continue your journey further into the city.