# A Not-So-Distant Farewell

Paimon: We won! Our Fungi companions did it!
Haniyyah: Hats off to you, you two!
Haniyyah: Your taming talents are beyond common sense, and the Fungi remain undefeated under your command even when facing enemies that themselves defy reason!
Traveler: Wow, praise from Haniyyah!
Paimon: Paimon remembers seeing the Great Snowboar King and Maguu Kenki before, but this time, you even brought out a "Blade Pup."
Paimon: You really went all out when you set that lineup, huh?
Souka: Well, these enemies are all legends in adventurers' stories from all over the world! Our players will definitely resonate with them.
Souka: As a writer, I'm a huge fan of characters from different works battling one another. I get excited just thinking about it!
Souka: Anyway, dear Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor, you've played every stage of our game. What do you think?
Traveler: There aren't enough stages.
Haniyyah: This fits with our second prediction. I suppose we'll have to make more stages based on the highest specs for the next preview event.
Haniyyah: Anyway, Souka will do more research and design more formidable and interesting enemies, so that the game will grow on the Fontainians.
Haniyyah: That way, Fonta, our generous sponsor, will feel confident in continuing to fund us.
Haniyyah: Once we have enough money, we can host a tournament just like the Nilotpala Cup...
Haniyyah: No, something bigger! And we'll improve the system such that it'll be as exciting and interesting as can be!
Paimon: Oh, Paimon's getting excited just thinking about it!
Traveler: Let me know if you need help!
Haniyyah: This is a long-term plan, so we're not too concerned about our short-term progress.
Haniyyah: With guidance from Souka and Balfour, I can safely say that I'm in the business, too. So don't worry, we shan't trouble you with details!
Haniyyah: Even when the preview event and the business negotiations are over, Souka and I will stay in Fontaine for a while, traveling with the Fungi.
Haniyyah: We'd like to send you letters periodically to keep you updated on the project, and to let you know how the Fungi are doing.
Haniyyah: But that'll require a contact address, or we won't be able to reach you, just like last time...
Paimon: A contact address?
Traveler: Well, somewhere we go every few days.
Souka: Perfect! Then on behalf of Haniyyah and the Fungi, I shall write you two regularly!
Paimon: It's a deal, then!
Haniyyah: Our game's still pretty hot right now, so the event will last a while.
Haniyyah: If you're not too busy, don't forget to come by!
Traveler: Sure thing!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's feeling a lot better, now that Haniyyah, Souka, and the Fungi companions won't be far away anymore, and we won't be apart for too long.
Paimon: Paimon's really looking forward to the next Beast Tamers Tournament now. How're things gonna go this time?
Traveler: We have plenty of time!
Traveler: I guess... the Adventurers' Guild?
Traveler: We know a little about management, too!
Traveler: The number of stages is just right.
Haniyyah: Thank you! But it might also be that you were busy and didn't have much time for this. We'll prepare more backup stages, just in case.
Traveler: I'm fine with whatever you come up with, as long as our Fungi companions get more screentime!
Haniyyah: Ha, you haven't changed. As Souka said, you're our boss now. If there's anything you want to see in the game, just let us know.
Traveler: You were quite formidable, too!