# Missing title (1318849127)

"Dopey Dazzler": So... You've also come to the Scions of the Canopy's territory... Some pretty nice views around here, wouldn't you say?
"Dopey Dazzler": Standing way up high, you can see all kinds of terrain... The shapes of all kinds of things... will also... look different...
"Dopey Dazzler": Phew... *panting*
Paimon: Dopey Dazzler? We didn't think you'd get here before us! Though, you don't look so good...
Traveler: Need to catch your breath?
"Dopey Dazzler": This is why I envy the tribe's warriors so much, with their endless reserves of stamina... Graffiti is also hard work, but our bodies just can't keep up...
"Dopey Dazzler": Sometimes, I can't help but think that Yumkasaurs are really good companions. After all, they can effortlessly navigate even the most steep and rugged terrain. It's a godsend for graffiti artists.
Paimon: That's a good point! With a Yumkasaur to help, travel is a whole lot easier...
"Dopey Dazzler": Of course! Though I'm not at all saying that Tepetlisaur companions aren't good enough. After all, a Yumkasaur couldn't even begin to imagine how to do some of the things they can...
"Dopey Dazzler": Like helping to excavate critical ores from deep underground, and making paints with some amazing effects... Now that's priceless!
"Dopey Dazzler": Plus, looking at things from a much broader perspective, the most important thing about your companion isn't their abilities — I care more about the emotional connection. Who cares about all that utilitarian codswallop?
"Dopey Dazzler": Even if climbing mountains and crossing rivers is a bit more tiring for me, so what? There's no way I'd even consider something like... leaving the Children of Echoes and joining the Scions of the Canopy, or anything ridiculous like that.
"Dopey Dazzler": Ooof... Sorry for throwing all that at you, I must be getting dizzy from exhaustion. Let me take a little break...
Paimon: Paimon never thought the Dopey Dazzler would be able to get so serious... Well, now we know you're the type of person who cares a lot about their companions and comradery!
Paimon: #Paimon and {NICKNAME} are like that too! When we make friends, we never think, "What can this person do for me?" It all starts with... what would you call it?
Traveler: Compatibility?
Paimon: Um, yeah, something like that?
"Dopey Dazzler": Speaking of companions... there's a powerful Saurian Hunter among the Scions of the Canopy named Kinich. He is often accompanied by a rather extraordinary companion.
"Dopey Dazzler": That companion's coloration is unusually vivid. Were I to use the professional lingo of Fontainian painters... I'd say the saturation levels are really high, and far more deserving of the name "dazzler"!
"Dopey Dazzler": And Kinich himself also has a very avant-garde sense of style... His appearance just screams "natural artist"!
"Dopey Dazzler": Shame, though. Lots of members of my Alliance drew graffiti near his usual haunts to get his attention, but he doesn't seem to care at all. Seems like he really isn't into graffiti.
Paimon: Is that how the Graffiti Alliance usually recruits new members? Seems like a lot of time and effort...
Traveler: Seems like a compatibility issue.
"Dopey Dazzler": Yeah, that's right! You can't force it.
"Dopey Dazzler": Super-strong Saurian Hunters are probably only attracted by other powerful figures, like you two! Once the two of you are famous members of the Graffiti Alliance, maybe then he'll take an interest in graffiti!
Paimon: That logic's pretty "avant-garde," too. Stuff like this, you'll never know until you try.
Paimon: So there's no need to rush things!
"Dopey Dazzler": Alright, I'll take your advice this time.
"Dopey Dazzler": But you guys better work hard so you can accumulate enough inspiration, ASAP!
Traveler: You can't force serendipity.
Traveler: Serendipity?
Traveler: Climbing up and down must be tiring.