# Missing title (1391978367)

Paimon: Wow! What do you know? We've already collected so much adeptal energy already!
Traveler: Well done me.
Paimon: According to what Fujin said before, all this adeptal energy should be used on the Votive Rainjade. That way, Qiaoying Village can reap the results next year!
Paimon: When that happens, Paimon'll have Uncle Luo prepare all kinds of amazing food for her! Let Paimon think... Mmm, like teacakes, squab, braised meatball, honey char siu, oooh, and, and...
Fujin (???): Tea brew, perhaps?
Paimon: Oh right! And Chenyu Brew, of course! Paimon's gotta write all this down... eh? Wait, who's there?
Paimon: F—Fujin!?
Fujin: Hehe, sorry about that. I didn't scare you, did I?
Paimon: You can assume human form again!
Fujin: Yes! Did one not say that one was not seriously injured, and needed merely the briefest of rests to return to my favored form?
Fujin: Thank you both for gathering all that adeptal energy for the Rainjade as I rested. Next year's bountiful harvest will in no small way be thanks to your efforts.
Traveler: #Hehe, 'tis but a piffling trifle for one such as I, the Young Master!
Paimon: Though, now that you're back to your human form and don't need to lock yourself in that super-dark place anymore, what do you plan to do next?
Fujin: Yes... I haven't given much thought to that yet. Perhaps I should just walk around and have a look?
Fujin: Have a taste of today's teas, listen to today's operas, see the people of today... *ahem* I am sorry. I keep emphasizing "today," as though I'm some sort of horrid antique...
Fujin: Though, I really do like that word. The things I couldn't do in the past, I can do "today." The things that couldn't be achieved before, all those promises that couldn't be kept, they can all be made real "today."
Fujin: And then, I'd like to go to the Guili Assembly and have a look, and then to Liyue Harbor to see the people there, meet all those lovely folks they described, and of course, I'd like to see Herblord again...
Traveler: Want me to bring you around?
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon remembers that you said something about "not leaving clear water for too long" and "needing to use the adeptal realms in teapots to travel long distances."
Fujin: Hehe... Thank you for remembering that, and thank you for being willing to help me. However, I would still like to stay in Chenyu Vale a bit longer and enjoy the sights and sounds of my home.
Fujin: As for long-distance travel, let me think... Hmm, perhaps I should wait until Little Mao is all grown?
Paimon: That's way too long!
Fujin: I'm joking! Anyway, I do plan to stay here for a bit, and see if I can convince Lingyuan to go on the trip with me.
Fujin: #Oh, right! Traveler, one more thing before you go...
Fujin: You went through quite a lot on account of both myself, as well as Lingyuan. My adeptal energy is slowly recovering, so please allow me to give you a genuine blessing of protection for the road ahead.
Black Screen Text: "Pluck your best teas and toast me, as the dew hangs on the sedges, as smoke swirls amidst the leaves."
"The times wear on, yet the years grow peaceful. Such thoughts I nurse in my heart and vow to never forget."
"On our times together I ponder, in comfort and happiness, and on my zither I play, till you shall return."
Fujin: Hehe, that should do it! All set now!
Traveler: Thank you.
Fujin: #Well then, once again... Thank you, Traveler and Paimon. Thank you for everything you've done for me, and for Chenyu Vale.
Traveler: I don't really feel any different...
Fujin: Well, the skeins of fortune aren't to be read at a glance, you know!
Traveler: I'm glad I could help.
Traveler: #No more than to be expected of one such as I, the Young Master!
Paimon: Hey! That bit's long since over, quit talking like that!