# Charity Event! A Great Success!

Paimon: Eula, Amber, you're here!
Eula: Ah. Found you.
Paimon: Huh? Wait, you came here looking for us?
Amber: Of course! Do you have any idea how popular your charity stall is? Everyone's been talking about it...
Amber: "Favonian Goodies and Buddies, run by the Honorary Knight and their sidekick, is selling all kinds of fantastic treasures — and even giving away some wonderful others for FREE! Don't miss out!"
Paimon: Ugh, so after all that, Paimon's back to being the sidekick? Hmm... Still, Paimon's really happy to hear that people are giving good reviews!
Traveler: It's all thanks to our customers.
Paimon: Anyway, what have you two been up to these days? Did you go off on a trip or something? We haven't seen you around all festival.
Amber: Haha, that's because we're still working.
Paimon: Huh? You still have to work?
Traveler: You don't get any time off during the festival?
Eula: Technically, Amber and I are on a "vacation schedule."
Eula: There are more merchant caravans than usual traveling the route between Dornman Port and Mondstadt City during the festival. Extra traffic means extra security is required.
Paimon: Because of monsters and bandits and stuff?
Eula: Yes. The Reconnaissance Company is tasked with patrolling this route during the festive period...
Eula: As well as traveling with the caravans to ensure essential goods are delivered without incident, we have to investigate suspicious locations to eliminate any emerging threats.
Paimon: Whew, that seems like a lot of work... sounds like you'll be working non-stop around the clock right up until the end of the Weinlesefest!
Eula: Of course not. We take shifts.
Eula: While one team is on duty, another is resting, and a third team is on standby in case of emergencies.
Eula: These three teams rotate periodically.
Amber: Eula's such an experienced captain. She arranged everything this way so that the Reconnaissance Company can meet the intense demand during the festival, while still giving everyone a chance to take some time off. Gotta say, great organizing, Eula!
Eula: Yes, alright, Amber. I did my job, like I always do. I really don't see what the fuss is all about...
Traveler: Quite the glowing review, Outrider.
Amber: Hehehe, that's not the half of it. When you've got the time, I should tell you the story of when Eula got made captain. Now that's a good one.
Amber: Ahem... Anyway, we didn't come here just to chit-chat... I'll let Eula do the honors.
Eula: Okay. I need 40 portions of Knights' Special Northern Smoked Chicken, and 40 of Favonius-Favored Pile 'Em Up...
Paimon: That's such a huge order! What's the occasion?
Paimon: Wait... are the Knights of Favonius having an official feast? How come nobody told us about it...
Amber: Haha, nothing quite as glamorous as all that. Captain Eula wants some supplies to reward her team members with.
Eula: Correct. Scouts use up an enormous amount of energy in a single day. Each meal, they eat enough to feed, hmm... four to five normal people.
Eula: Plus, a long-standing member has recently returned to our ranks after a long absence. I thought it would be fitting to celebrate the occasion.
Eula: Of all the things I could have bought, I thought it would be best to have the money go to you. That way, I can support a charitable cause while I'm at it.
Paimon: Paimon agrees! You made the right decision, Eula! It's what we business owners call a win-win situation!
Traveler: Thank you for your generous contribution!
Paimon: Also, about this "long-standing member" you mentioned... Is it that guy we met recently...?
Eula: Mika, the front-line land surveyor. He was a vital member of our team before the Grand Master borrowed him for the expedition.
Paimon: Mika, yeah, that's the one! Paimon never would've thought that shy little guy was such a strong knight!
Traveler: But he seemed scared of us.
Amber: Mika's not afraid of you guys. That was his way of showing respect to you... although admittedly it is kind of a roundabout way of doing it.
Amber: He thinks all mighty people have unique personalities, and prefers to understand what makes them tick and the way they think before properly interacting with them.
Amber: He says it makes it easier to communicate that way.
Eula: He was the same way toward me and Amber at first. As we gradually got to know each other, he started acting more naturally.
Paimon: Interesting... sounds like Mika's the one with the unique personality.
Traveler: I'll remember that.
Eula: Mm-hmm. It'll just take a little time, that's all.
Eula: You are a high-profile figure within the Knights of Favonius. As his commanding officer, I have a duty to make sure no misunderstandings arise between you.
Paimon: Heh, it's alright, Eula, we get it. You're just looking after him.
Amber: Wait! Eula, did you just pay for my portion, too?
Amber: I was supposed to pay for mine separately... I'm not an official member of the Reconnaissance Company.
Eula: If you want to get official about it, then fine: it's officially my treat. There, now stop worrying.
Black Screen Text: You hand Eula and Amber the meals they purchased. They thank you and leave.
Paimon: Ooh, thanks to Eula and Amber, we made a whole day's worth of Mora in one fell swoop!
Bernhard: Honorary Knight, Paimon! I have the most wonderful news—
Bernhard: Thanks to your sterling efforts, the funds we've raised in this charity sale have blown our original predictions right out of the water! It's a phenomenal success!
Paimon: Paimon told you so! We're good at this stuff.
Traveler: Great work, everyone.
Bernhard: Ah, but you two deserve all the credit. It's your expert management that made this event what it was.
Bernhard: I've handed over all the revenue to the person responsible for managing our charitable funds. And with that, the event finally comes to a close.
Bernhard: As a gesture of our appreciation, we'd like to give you both a fee for all your hard work. You've more than earned it!
Bernhard: After this, I feel like I could even run a shop of my own in the future! Haha, maybe we'll get the chance to work together one day!
Paimon: It feels like we accomplished a lot together!
Paimon: If the chance ever comes up, let's do it again!
Traveler: You did great as well, Bernhard.
Traveler: I'm sure we'll get along just fine.
Traveler: He barely said two words before running away...
Traveler: Captain Eula, you are an inspiration to us all.
Eula: Enough. Both of you. The festive spirit is turning you into giddy little children.
Traveler: You got stuck with the holiday shift, huh?
Traveler: We owe everything to them.