# Scenarios for Study

Su Ding: #Thanks to the both of you, {NICKNAME} and your most talented helper!
Su Ding: In the course of observing these Wargames, we've seen all sorts of combat strategies put into practice and a wide range of complex scenarios that we can analyze and learn from.
Su Ding: Now, we just need to broaden our model by taking into account the different types of soldiers and their special traits. We'll then be able to create a variety of scenario-based training manuals for different units to study.
Su Ding: If the two of you are interested, I'd be happy to provide you with said manuals next time we meet. That way, you'll be able to try out different scenarios in your spare time.
Traveler: So that's it? It feels like we just got started...
Su Ding: We know that the two of you are very busy, so we tried to cut down on the number of similar scenarios so it didn't get too repetitive. Of course, if you haven't had enough, you're welcome to come back and keep playing anytime!
Su Ding: Anyway, on behalf of the Millelith General Staff and the representatives of all the other participating entities, allow me to express my sincere gratitude!
Su Ding: With any luck, we'll get a chance to work with you again in future. That way, we shall get even better at wiping out monsters and securing our lands!
Traveler: I'd be delighted to help!
Paimon: Hehe, everything's gone so smoothly. Not only did we manage to strengthen our connections with various groups we've met before, but we helped people all across Teyvat too!
Paimon: Besides, Paimon's learned loads from watching you wargame.
Paimon: If we have some time to kill at some point, maybe we can come back and test out some more scenarios...
Paimon: Such as, uhh... If an Abyss Mage had to fight it out against the Great Snowboar King, who would win?
Paimon: Or... Who has the hardest head, a Ruin Guard or a Geovishap?
Traveler: Absolutely... if I have the time!
Traveler: Finally finished! All thanks to m—I mean Paimon and me...
Paimon: Hehe... Paimon hasn't gotten her head around all the rules yet, but it was pretty fun! Seems like the results were good too!