# A Job Well Done

Black Screen Text: You continue to run the potion shop. Thanks to all your hard work, your earnings surpass expectations...
Lisa: Wow, I have to hand it to you, cuties. I never imagined that you'd be able to bring in so much Mora in such a short amount of time...
Lisa: You're practically geniuses when it comes to business.
Traveler: It's all thanks to your help.
Lisa: Hehe, always so humble...
Lisa: Although, with results this impressive, I would say you could stand to take a bit more credit.
Lisa: If I had your help all the time, I bet I could take double the amount of vacation without a care in the world.
Lisa: With all your hard work up to this point, we've already collected enough sales data for our research. Thank you so much for all your help.
Lisa: Of course, if you're interested in continuing to run the shop, you'd make me a very happy Lisa.
Lisa: In either case, I should already have more than enough to report back to Jean with.
Jean: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon, it's been a long time.
Paimon: Jean!
Lisa: Oh, you're here! I wrapped up some business with my cuties, and was just about to go report back to you at headquarters.
Jean: No need. I already talked to some other knights, so I think I have fairly good understanding of the situation.
Jean: #Looks like you've troubled {NICKNAME} to help you once again?
Lisa: Hehe, how could I not? When it comes to work as important as this, a smart and capable partner is simply a must have — especially if we want good results.
Lisa: Look at the success of the shop! I could have never produced that kind of result on my own.
Jean: Well, I do have to admit, your success is remarkable.
Jean: I've been meaning to come see you for some time now, but work kept getting in the way, and I simply couldn't find the time... Regardless, I just knew I had to come thank you in person.
Traveler: We should thank you for your support as well.
Jean: It's truly reassuring to have such outstanding members among our ranks.
Lisa: Hehe, once this is all over, I do believe I'm due for a vacation.
Lisa: I've lost quite a few strands of hair to all the stress.
Jean: Of course. Thank you for all your hard work.
Jean: Seeing you cooped up in that library all the time, I was worried you might be bored. So I thought I'd give you an opportunity to truly make use of your talents.
Jean: Perhaps I put too much on your plate at once...
Lisa: #It wasn't that bad. After all, it's not like I was in it alone. All the help from the Knights and {NICKNAME} really helped to lessen the load.
Lisa: Plus, it was fun to get back into research. It's nice to relive those days every once in a while.
Jean: I'm glad to hear that.
Jean: #Thank you again for all your help, {NICKNAME}. Please take this as your compensation.
Lisa: Ah, speaking of compensation, I've also prepared a little memento for you. Here, I hope you like it!
Traveler: It was a group effort.
Traveler: We just got the hang of it along the way.
Lisa: Hm, a testament to your ability to learn on the job.