# Search Chronicle: Burning Up!

Ranjit: Ah, you're finally here. You're the "protagonist," yes?
Traveler: That's me, your protagonist.
Paimon: Uh, Paimon's not sure what you mean by that question...
Ranjit: Ah, would you look at that? Too eager for my own good again — and they even told me to be concise when I was posting the commission, too.
Ranjit: Here's the low-down. I'm Ranjit, a chef of cuisines creative. I've been looking to get along nicely with a Pyro Regisvine, but it seems uninterested in my company...
Ranjit: Spitting fireballs and slamming the ground... Nothing I could do about that, so I'm hiring some adventurer help — of the protagonist kind, to be exact.
Traveler: No problem! Just leave it to me.
Paimon: Hey, hey! Don't go around agreeing to take on such ridiculous commissions!
Paimon: Wait, are you for real? A creative cuisine chef, making friends with a Pyro Regisvine... Nothing about this makes any sense!
Ranjit: Really? I mean, it is a very grumpy plant, but you never know till you try, right?
Ranjit: And after the Regisvine, I'd also like to give the Primo Geovishap, Jadeplume Terrorshroom, and Millennial Pearl Seahorse a go!
Paimon: ...This is getting crazier by the minute. Where did you even get these ideas from?
Ranjit: Actually, it's because of my trip to Natlan not long ago...
Ranjit: It's a truly amazing place. If I had to describe its marvelous novelty, it would be like the first time I ate curry spicy enough to make me rain sweat.
Ranjit: My tongue had taken all the stimulation it could bear, but I shoveled spoonful after spoonful into my mouth. I couldn't help myself!
Ranjit: ...Speaking of which, I met a whole bunch of friends in Natlan. They're all good folks. Some taught me rock climbing, and others introduced me to the hot springs.
Ranjit: Bet you didn't know this, but the people of Natlan, especially their warriors, dress in imitation of their Saurians — and when in full panoply, they look every bit as brave!
Ranjit: I made myself a hat based on those of my Natlan friends. Pretty awesome, eh?
Paimon: Um... Sure, it is pretty unique, but Paimon can't quite tell what you're talking about just from that.
Ranjit: True, true! I mean, I haven't got a Saurian buddy with me, do I?
Ranjit: *sigh* It sure would be nice if I did, though. But I'm not a local, and to be honest, I'd get restless staying there for too long.
Ranjit: That's why I thought to get myself a companion outside Natlan that could take the spot of a Saurian. Even if that doesn't work, it'll make a great story to tell my Natlan friends!
Paimon: Uh, if that's your goal, you could've picked more suitable targets to make friends with, right?
Ranjit: Huh? Don't you find them suitable? I mean, they're even like the Natlan Saurians — and they're also strong, to boot!
Ranjit: A Sumpter Beast companion's really nothing to brag about. I'll need a more demanding trial if I want a tale worth telling!
Ranjit: The real pity is that I can't be the "protagonist" myself... Calming these beasts that rage day and night is no easy task, let me tell you!
Ranjit: But I suppose that's your field of expertise as an experienced adventurer, right? Of course, I'll provide support from the sidelines. Nets, food... You name it, you can leave it to me!
Ranjit: But as for our "negotiations" with our prospective partners... The spotlight's going to be on you, dear "protagonist"!
Paimon: Why are you foisting the dangerous stuff onto your protagonist?
Traveler: The pay had better be worth the work...
Ranjit: Of course, of course! Sure thing.
Ranjit: Well, since we're agreed, shall we head out now? My pots are ready, and my equipment's all checked. We should be good to go!
Traveler: Let's go.
Traveler: I've got other things to handle. See you in a bit.
Ranjit: No worries. I'll wait for you here.
Traveler: I'm sure we can come to an agreement — if you convince me.
Ranjit: Of course, that's how these things work.
Traveler: Concise, but clear as mud.
Traveler: I don't understand what you're talking about...