# The Farmer's Treasure


## Talk 1

Missing Person Bulletin Board: "It has been over a year since my son, Saimon Jirou, joined the army. He would write letters to us from time to time, and though he has not accomplished much of great note, he would relate everything that happened to him in the army, which comforted this old man's heart greatly."
Missing Person Bulletin Board: "The war has continued apace, and my son, who has accomplished little, has stopped sending any letters. This lack of contact has greatly disturbed and wounded this old man's spirit."
Missing Person Bulletin Board: "I beseech any who see the notice to help me search for my son. If you know of his whereabouts, whether he ekes out some existence somewhere or has had the fortune of dying for his nation, please let me know, that I may have peace in my heart."
Missing Person Bulletin Board: "If you have anything to discuss, I, Saimon Katsumi give you my sincere thanks."

## Talk 2

Ono: Hello there, outlander.
Ono: Are you one of those "advisors" sent by the Lord Commissioner to teach us how to fight our wars? If you are, you can just go look for Lord Masahito.
Traveler: Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.
Ono: Hmph. You outlanders have no manners. Mr. Saimon is well-respected around here. How could you address him without any honorifics?
Traveler: Apologies.
Paimon: You're not that polite yourself!
Ono: ...Alright, I get it. This isn't the time to be arguing about manners.
Ono: Since Mr. Saimon trusts you, I should, too.
Ono: So, what can I help you with?
Traveler: About Jirou's whereabouts...
Ono: Ah, him... he's probably gone off to become a bandit.
Ono: Well, for a person of his character, being a bandit is freer than being a soldier.
Ono: By the way, don't tell Mr. Saimon this, or he'll get mad.
Ono: Jirou actually managed to convinced that scaredy-cat Ishikawa to desert together with him. He made it alright... But Ishikawa ending up eating detention barracks rations for quite a few days!
Ono: But even that was because Lord Masahito was kind enough to cover this up and not report it to his accursed old man. If not for that...
Ono: *sigh* Let's not even go there... Jirou really got Ishikawa into hot water, I'll tell you what...
Ono: If it wasn't for Mr. Saimon, I'd smack him silly the next time we meet!
Ono: Well, that's all I know about Jirou. Well, you're going to have to exercise some creativity to make that news a little less unpleasant for Mr. Saimon...
Ono: Ah, right. If you'd like to know more, you can go ask Ogura. He's over there by the tower, and was on duty the day it happened. He probably saw more than I did, at any rate.
Traveler: Thank you.
Ono: It was nothing, don't sweat it.
Ono: Also, could you not tell Lord Masahito about this?
Ono: Jirou was annoying, sure, but this is a matter of life and death. We're not going to go there.
Traveler: Hmph.

## Talk 3

Saimon Katsumi: Ho there, youngster! I do not recognize your face. Did you see the notice as well?
Traveler: Are you talking to me?
Saimon Katsumi: Yes, haha. Does it appear like anyone else nearby is young?
Saimon Katsumi: Oh dear, where are my manners?
Saimon Katsumi: Well met, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: I believe you must have seen that notice earlier. As you may suspect, I am Saimon Katsumi.
Saimon Katsumi: It brings me no small amount of shame to ask outsiders to help me find that useless son of mine...
Saimon Katsumi: But please, do tell me if you hear of anything regarding him, alright?
Saimon Katsumi: No matter if that little brat is alive, or... *sigh*
Saimon Katsumi: Please tell me everything you know truthfully.
Traveler: I'll ask around.
Saimon Katsumi: You have my thanks. Truly...
Paimon: It's fine, leave it to us!
Saimon Katsumi: Ah yes, youngster. Let me also say that if you're able to enter and exit military camps... you could simply ask that lad's comrades-in-arms.
Saimon Katsumi: There's another young lad who joined the army together with him. Ishikawa, I think his name was. A military family's son, and a reliable one at that.
Saimon Katsumi: I'm sorry to have kept you here for so long. Still, if you receive any new, don't forget to swing by Konda Village and inform me.
Saimon Katsumi: Alright, I need to go back to the village now. Stay safe, youngster.
Traveler: I'll be on the lookout.

## Talk 4

Saimon Katsumi: Ho there, youngster! I do not recognize your face. Did you see the notice as well?
Traveler: Are you talking to me?
Saimon Katsumi: Yes, haha. Does it appear like anyone else nearby is young?
Saimon Katsumi: Oh dear, where are my manners?
Saimon Katsumi: Well met, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: I believe you must have seen that notice earlier. As you may suspect, I am Saimon Katsumi.
Paimon: (Hey, this has got to be Jirou's "long-winded old man," right?)
Traveler: (Shh!)
Saimon Katsumi: *cough* Is something the matter?
Paimon: Eh? N—Nothing! Everything's fine!
Traveler: Nothing at all!
Saimon Katsumi: Well then, allow me to continue from where we last left off...
Saimon Katsumi: It brings me no small amount of shame to ask outsiders to help me find that useless son of mine...
Saimon Katsumi: But please, do tell me if you hear of anything regarding him, alright?
Saimon Katsumi: No matter if that little brat is alive, or... *sigh*
Saimon Katsumi: Please tell me everything you know truthfully.
Traveler: I'll ask around.
Saimon Katsumi: You have my thanks. Truly...
Paimon: It's fine, leave it to us!
Saimon Katsumi: Ah yes, youngster. Let me also say that if you're able to enter and exit military camps... you could simply ask that lad's comrades-in-arms.
Saimon Katsumi: There's another young lad who joined the army together with him. Ishikawa, I think his name was. A military family's son, and a reliable one at that.
Saimon Katsumi: I'm sorry to have kept you here for so long. Still, if you receive any new, don't forget to swing by Konda Village and inform me.
Saimon Katsumi: Alright, I need to go back to the village now. Stay safe, youngster.
Traveler: I'll be on the lookout.
Traveler: (He seems pretty "long-winded," alright.)

## Talk 5

Ishikawa: Outlander, what are you doing in the camp? This is a key military location.
Ishikawa: ...Well, whatever. It's not as if we haven't seen any outlanders recently or anything.
Ishikawa: If you're one of them "advisors" from Narukami Island, look for Lord Masahito directly. He'll welcome you, I'm sure.
Traveler: Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.
Ishikawa: Sorry, I don't know a Sai— wait, you mean Saimon Katsumi?
Ishikawa: Old Man Saimon from Konda Village? That's who you're talking about, right?
Ishikawa: Ah, so you're a friend of... I see. My apologies, I was rude. Is the old man still well? I hope he's still spry.
Traveler: He's very worried about Jirou, his son.
Ishikawa: Ah. Um, I see.
Ishikawa: Well, we're quite worried about him too, to be honest...
Traveler: What happened to him?
Ishikawa: Mm... Please don't tell the old man... And definitely don't tell Lord Masahito...
Traveler: My lips are sealed.
Ishikawa: (He left the army...)
Traveler: What?
Ishikawa: I mean, he deserted.
Traveler: Eh!?
Ishikawa: (Quiet, you!)
Paimon: Yeah, what's so special about deserting anyway?
Ishikawa: (You too!)
Ishikawa: *sigh* This war is too much to bear.
Ishikawa: We've fought quite a few battles against the rebels recently, and we've lost a lot of comrades. They were all our mutual friends...
Ishikawa: Of course, Lord Masahito tried to help us settle our emotions a little, and has assigned us garrison duties as a result.
Ishikawa: But the Lord Commissioner has been ordering him to send troops out, which must be frustrating him...
Ishikawa: Never mind. Back to Jirou, then... That fellow's always liked those stories about great bandits... "Konda Ikki" or something, that was his favorite.
Ishikawa: When you add that up with his being tired of fighting this war... I think it's possible that he might have upped and left to join the nearby bandits...
Ishikawa: I'm sorry, but that's all I know. If you want to know, you can go ask Ono. He should know more.
Ishikawa: See that guy sitting over there, sighing and hanging his head? That's Ono, you can't miss him.
Traveler: Thank you very much.
Ishikawa: You're too kind. Say hi to Old Man Saimon for me, would you?

## Talk 6

Ogura Yuu: You're... an outlander?
Ogura Yuu: May I ask... what you're doing here in the camp?
Ogura Yuu: If you're not on important business, please leave. This is a key military site. Unrelated persons are not permitted to enter.
Traveler: I'm here at Saimon Katsumi's behest.
Ogura Yuu: Saimon...? Ah! You mean Saimon Jirou's father!
Ogura Yuu: Sorry for my rudeness, I didn't know that you were here on the old man's request.
Ogura Yuu: I'm not very familiar with Saimon Jirou, but since his family is so worried, I'll do all I can.
Traveler: About Jirou's whereabouts...
Ogura Yuu: That night, I saw him and Ishikawa fleeing northwards. So I followed the usual our private protocol and sounded the alarm after 15 seconds.
Ogura Yuu: Usually, these few seconds would let you find a good spot to hide if you're lucky.
Ogura Yuu: But we never expected that Ishikawa would trip, flip, and fall out of fright... Well, we caught him on the spot.
Paimon: Aw...
Ogura Yuu: *sigh* That Ishikawa. I mean, you'd think that he would at least act the part of a samurai scion...
Ogura Yuu: If I don't miss my guess, Saimon Jirou has probably fled to Jinren Island, the northernmost section of Narukami Island.
Ogura Yuu: Bandits who refuse to submit to the Shogunate have gathered there, and have increased in number due to the war.
Ogura Yuu: Now that our attention has been shifted to the Sangonomiya and away from them, they're getting all kinds of uppity ideas.
Ogura Yuu: The latest rumors even say that they've tried to set up their own independent nation, or declare a grand revolt against our great Ogosho... or some crazy nonsense like that.
Ogura Yuu: Well, we weren't very well acquainted, but I do hope that Saimon Jirou hasn't thrown in with those fellows.
Traveler: Thanks for sharing what you know.
Ogura Yuu: I'm just glad that I could help. I mean, everyone has family they miss.
Ogura Yuu: Ah yes. Could you... refrain from reporting this to Lord Masahito?
Ogura Yuu: The issue with the Lord Commissioner is already giving him enough of a headache. He really doesn't need any more trouble.

## Talk 7

Saimon Katsumi: You're back. Here, have a few Lavender Melon... save them for the road, if you will.
Saimon Katsumi: Ah yes, as for young Jirou... Is there news of him?
Paimon: (Uh, we should probably avoid telling him what's going on...)
Traveler: He's doing alright.
Saimon Katsumi: Ah, is that so... If he is well, it is well.
Saimon Katsumi: Thank you. You've done well.
Traveler: O—Oh, it was nothing...
Paimon: Hehe...
Saimon Katsumi: This is good. Ah, my boy truly is a lucky lad. A lucky lad indeed!
Saimon Katsumi: Well then! What are you two standing there for? Pack up now, let's go!
Paimon: L—Let's go...?
Traveler: Go where?
Saimon Katsumi: Come now! My boy Jirou has experienced so much hardship — I shall go send him some local specialties to pamper him a little!
Saimon Katsumi: He must've gone hungry and thirsty many times on the battlefield. Indeed, he must be missing the food back home madly.
Saimon Katsumi: And of course, I'll take the opportunity to drop in on Lord Kujou and ask him to "take care" of that useless son of mine, haha!
Traveler: H—Hold on!
Paimon: Y—Yeah... Please calm down, good sir!
Saimon Katsumi: Ah, but I am calm. In fact, I am glad! As I shall be, to see my son again...
Paimon: B—But, your son...
Traveler: The battlefield he's on is super dangerous!
Paimon: Right! That's right! It's super dangerous there. Swords flashing as far as the eye can see, arrows falling like rain, and... and...
Paimon: Cannonballs as big as Paimon falling down and exploding across the land!
Saimon Katsumi: ...
Saimon Katsumi: They couldn't be that large...
Traveler: Paimon speaks the truth.
Saimon Katsumi: I see... Well...
Saimon Katsumi: Didn't you just say that he's doing well?
Paimon: He is, yes...
Traveler: Well, we do what we can to survive in war.
Paimon: Yup... Yeah, that's right! Jirou's trying so hard on the battlefield. Paimon's sure he wouldn't want you to risk yourself for his sake, right?
Paimon: It might be impolite to say this, but you wouldn't want to burden your son further when he's in such a tough spot already, right?
Saimon Katsumi: ...
Saimon Katsumi: You have a point.
Paimon: Phew...
Traveler: Phew...
Saimon Katsumi: But I will still go!
Paimon: What!?
Saimon Katsumi: Hmph! The Saimon Clan has ever been loyal! For 2,000 years we have bled for the Ogosho and slain countless evils!
Saimon Katsumi: Besides, these old bones have lived long enough. I shall fall in battle in Her Excellency's name. My honor shall not be my own — it shall also be Jirou's!
Saimon Katsumi: Just wait here: I'm going to get my heirloom gear, my glittering sword, and then I shall go out with Jirou to meet the foe. There, we shall—
Traveler: Beat them witless?
Paimon: Beat them senseless?
Saimon Katsumi: Aye, we shall beat the snot out of them!
Saimon Eri: Old man! What are you yelling about? I'll bet they can hear you all the way over in Sangonomiya!
Saimon Katsumi: You...! How do you know that? Have you even been there!?
Saimon Eri: And so what if I did? I've had it up to here with you! You know what? forget Sangonomiya, I'm going to Celestia next, and you're not coming along!
Saimon Katsumi: Fine! I've lived long enough myself! I'm about to go fight those rebel scum!
Saimon Katsumi: Jirou's finally become somebody! Not like you... It's always "this isn't normal, that won't do" with you...
Saimon Eri: Hah! You? Go out and fight the rebels? You can barely sit down for a game of chess with the young people without talking their ears off about archon-knows-what. You're one to talk about "being somebody"!
Saimon Eri: And let me remind you, you've never won a single one of those chess games!
Paimon: (Uh, Paimon thinks we probably step in...)
Traveler: (Shh...)
Saimon Eri: Oh, so you think you can raise your voice at your old lady? Why don't you just try it, eh?
Saimon Eri: Look at you! You can't even beat me in an argument! You get to that battlefield with cannonballs that size flying in, and we'll see how you disgrace the Saimon heirlooms and sword!
Saimon Katsumi: What do you mean, I can't beat you? I've just never... I've just never been serious!
Saimon Eri: And if you can't get serious fighting your old lady, do you think you'll do any better against those rebels, huh?
Saimon Katsumi: You...!
Saimon Eri: Hmm?
Saimon Katsumi: Just you wait, old woman! Just you wait!
Paimon: Uh, should we go check on him? It wouldn't be good if he does something rash!
Saimon Eri: Hah, don't you worry about him!
Saimon Eri: ...He's gone back to his room to flip through a dictionary.
Paimon: A dictionary...?
Saimon Eri: He needs it to figure out how to beat me in an argument.
Saimon Eri: Hmph. Well, he's not talking to me for the rest of week, that's for sure.
Saimon Eri: But that's better than him going out to the battlefield.
Paimon: Is that right...
Saimon Eri: Ah, and speaking of which, youngster from abroad...
Saimon Eri: You lit that fire under the old coot's rear, didn't you?
Paimon: Uh...!
Traveler: N—No, surely not...
Saimon Eri: Haha! Who were you trying to fool?
Saimon Eri: And it's about that brat Jirou, isn't it?
Traveler: Yes.
Saimon Eri: Well, let me guess. He's alive... But for some reason, you can't tell the old man what the situation is, right?
Paimon: Uh... Hehe...
Saimon Eri: *sigh* Youngster, lying is bad behavior.
Saimon Eri: ...That said, I'm in no position to say that you did the wrong thing.
Saimon Eri: Hehe, and I must say that it was thanks to your lie that I got to see that old fossil get more fired up than I've ever seen him.
Traveler: We're very sorry...
Saimon Eri: Alright, there's no need to be polite. As it happens, I have a favor of my own to ask regarding that lad Jirou.
Saimon Eri: Go help me check on that child. Help us see if he's done something wrong or steered himself onto the wrong path.
Saimon Eri: If he has, help us teach him a little lesson.
Saimon Eri: Jirou's always been a smart kid, but he's always been a little too pleased with his smarts, and it sometimes blinds him.
Saimon Eri: I have no fear for him on the battlefield. He's always been good at surviving, no matter where he is.
Saimon Eri: If he really did meet an unfortunate end... Well, I've long prepared myself for this. That is the nature of war, after all.
Saimon Eri: I just... fear that he may get too full of himself, bite off more than he can chew, and wind up in a more dangerous position than he expects.
Traveler: I see...
Paimon: So that's how it is... We'll help you out!
Saimon Eri: Alright. I won't hold you two here any longer...
Saimon Eri: While you search for Jirou, I will help to hold the fort here with that old fool. Undo a bit of the damage you did, you know?
Traveler: You have our thanks.
Saimon Eri: Ah, it should be me thanking you. I suspect that our tom-fool son has brought you enough trouble already.
Paimon: You're too kind.
Traveler: We'll help.
Traveler: How did you know...
Traveler: (Just let this play out.)
Traveler: We barely made it back here ourselves.
Traveler: He's just not at liberty to write to you.

## Talk 8

Saimon Jirou: If you hadn't gotten me out of that cage, those fellows would have turned me into a blood urchin...
Paimon: What's a blood urchin?
Saimon Jirou: Hahaha. Oh right, the two of you are outlanders. You wouldn't know our local parlance.
Saimon Jirou: It's a very scary, ancient method of punishment. A very, very scary one...
Traveler: Very, very, very scary...
Paimon: Alright, alright, Paimon doesn't wanna hear it! Ugh, why did Paimon even ask!?
Paimon: #No, wait. Actually, how did you know all this weird stuff, huh, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Hehe. Why don't you try to guess?
Paimon: Hey—!
Saimon Jirou: Hahaha, alright, alright. Don't argue.
Saimon Jirou: #Ah, so {NICKNAME}'s your name. Pleased to meet your acquaintance.
Traveler: The pleasure is all mine.
Paimon: We want to ask you about a couple of things.
Saimon Jirou: Ask away.
Traveler: So we're looking for a certain Saimon Jirou...
Saimon Jirou: Oh... him...
Saimon Jirou: Why'd you want to know where he is?
Traveler: Ah, so you know him.
Saimon Jirou: I—It's nothing! I'm just asking.
Saimon Jirou: I... I've heard on the grapevine that the Tenryou Commissioner's sent out lots of ninjas to capture deserters in secret.
Saimon Jirou: Looking at you ask about this and that, I was starting to wonder if the things I heard were true.
Traveler: I know that I'm a ninja?
Paimon: (This guy's story is just full of holes...)
Paimon: (Let's just play along and see if we can make those holes any bigger!)
Saimon Jirou: Ugh...!
Saimon Jirou: I— Well, I was just saying that, you know? But yeah, what a coincidence, am I right? Haha... Ha...
Traveler: (Paimon, you're up.)
Paimon: A coincidence, you say...
Paimon: Hehe, did you think that our saving you was a coincidence, then?
Paimon: There's a fine reward out for providing information on deserters. And if none can be provided, it's no loss as long as we can catch one.
Saimon Jirou: What do you mean "no loss"?
Traveler: "No loss" to us, of course.
Paimon: Oh, you've got a good head on your shoulders, don't you? Shame about that...
Saimon Jirou: Wh—What do you mean...
Traveler: (Actually, where'd you learn that line, Paimon?)
Paimon: (Hehe! From all the people we've met on this journey, of course!)
Paimon: #Alright, {NICKNAME}. We've wasted enough words on him. Time to execute this deserter.
Traveler: Kneel!
Saimon Jirou: W—W—Wait!
Saimon Jirou: My life is unimportant but before I die can I please ask to please look at your identification papers please lords can I just know your names please!
Paimon: What in the world is he talking about?
Traveler: He wants to see our papers.
Paimon: Hah! What nonsense.
Paimon: A man who fled the army, trying to beg for the name of loyal samurai?
Traveler: Indeed. Preposterous!
Saimon Jirou: Please don't kill me I'll tell you were the treasure is just don't kill me Ogosho's tears please just don't kill meeee!
Paimon: (This guy's scared out of his wits...)
Traveler: Come again?
Paimon: Calm down. One sentence at a time.
Saimon Jirou: You're... not going to kill me anymore?
Traveler: Mmhmm.
Paimon: Hmph.
Paimon: But before that, we'd like to ask you another question...
Saimon Jirou: Please ask.
Traveler: Are you Saimon Jirou?
Saimon Jirou: I... maybe...
Paimon: Hmm?
Saimon Jirou: I—I—I am! I am! I'm Jirou, alright?
Paimon: Whoa, look at him grovel...
Traveler: (Well, whether it's true or not...)
Paimon: (That's true, his identity is difficult for us to ascertain. But if we send him to his parents, they'll know in a heartbeat.)
Paimon: Alright, Saimon. On account of your coming from a samurai line, we'll give you one chance to redeem your errors.
Paimon: Now, tell us again, what... treasure were you talking about earlier? Speak clearly!
Traveler: Indeed. Speak clearly!
Saimon Jirou: Well, I—I'm a professional treasure hunter...
Paimon: Is he?
Traveler: That's one I've never heard.
Saimon Jirou: S—Sorry! I'll get to the point.
Saimon Jirou: After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.
Saimon Jirou: It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.
Saimon Jirou: If you could, my lords, please help me find these stone slates, that I might investigate them—
Paimon: Are you taking us for fools?
Traveler: (Paimon, don't press him too hard, now.)
Saimon Jirou: I—I wouldn't dare... I just mean that I've investigated it for a while, and have a good deal of experience.
Paimon: Well, if you do, then you'll know better than to try to play us false.
Saimon Jirou: Once all the stone slates are in place, the treasury door should open. Then we can split the treasure... uh, thirty-seventy...
Paimon: Hmm!?
Traveler: Want to die, do you?
Saimon Jirou: You'll get seventy, I'll get thirty!
Paimon: Relax, relax. This is just business. And we're definitely amenable to price negotiations.
Paimon: Once we've settled on something that we can agree on, everyone will be happy, right?
Traveler: Only thirty-seventy?
Paimon: True, that seems somewhat unacceptable. How about twenty-eighty?
Saimon Jirou: That's great! Twenty-eighty it is!
Paimon: #Sounds good, {NICKNAME}.
Paimon: Let's send twenty percent of his fingers to the Tenryou Commissioner. We'll split the remaining eighty.
Traveler: Agreed.
Saimon Jirou: Eh!? W—Wait, no! Stop! I thought...!
Traveler: Hands out!
Paimon: ...Halt!
Saimon Jirou: Ah, as I thought, we can still discuss things, right...!
Paimon: There's no need to dirty your blade. Paimon's will do!
Paimon: It's smaller, so this'll go slower.
Traveler: Oh, yes. True, true.
Saimon Jirou: ...!
Saimon Jirou: S—Stop! Please stop torturing me!
Saimon Jirou: I'll give you everything. Everything, alright?
Saimon Jirou: Just take all of it... *sobs*
Paimon: (Wow, we made him cry...)
Saimon Jirou: I'm quite big now... but no one has bullied me like this before... Waaah...
Paimon: (We played the part a little too well, huh...?)
Traveler: Weakling.
Paimon: (Hey! Aren't we done here already!?)
Traveler: (We should leave.)
Paimon: (Okay. Let's go.)
Traveler: Doesn't look like it.
Traveler: (His parents will know for sure.)
Traveler: Perhaps.
Traveler: I said nothing about looking for deserters.
Traveler: Why are you so concerned?

## Talk 9

???: I mean, the key's right there! What's stopping you from getting it?
Traveler: Well, stay in that cage a moment, will you?
Paimon: Young lad, the world outside your cage has changed greatly since you last saw it...
???: What...?
Paimon: We must continue to observe you. We must see if you have the qualities necessary to save this world.
Traveler: This is a "trial."
Paimon: The "trial"... of perseverance!
Paimon: Wait, Paimon recognizes you! Lord, this is the very person you saw in your dreams!
Traveler: (Keep silent for dramatic effect.)
???: Ugh, are you both done yet? Help me get that key already!

## Talk 10

Saimon Jirou: My lords! Here, sit, please! Sorry for the trouble...
Saimon Jirou: ...But how goes your search for those stone slates?
Traveler: Are you rushing us?
Saimon Jirou: I don't mean to pry!
Saimon Jirou: Ah, so you must have been successful, then?
Paimon: Hmm?
Saimon Jirou: Please, my lords, continue speaking...
Traveler: Here.
Paimon: This is all of them, right?
Saimon Jirou: Uh...
Saimon Jirou: Actually... No...
Paimon: Say that again?
Saimon Jirou: There's one missing.
Traveler: What did you say?
Saimon Jirou: There's one stone slate missing...
Paimon: What do you mean "one missing"! We worked really hard to find these four!
Paimon: And now you say that we're missing one—!
Traveler: (Paimon!)
Saimon Jirou: I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I won't do that again!
Paimon: Hmph!
Traveler: I think we deserve an explanation.
Saimon Jirou: I've actually hidden the last stone slate somewhere safe. I just wanted to guard against—
Paimon: Us?
Saimon Jirou: Y—Yes...
Saimon Jirou: Uh, I mean no! Of course not!
Saimon Jirou: I just wanted to prevent people from finding the slates ahead of me...
Saimon Jirou: That way, the one slate that I hid away would serve as a final piece of insurance.
Saimon Jirou: Even if I couldn't obtain the other four slates, no one would be able to open the treasury.
Paimon: Hmm... Seems reasonable.
Paimon: So, where did you put that last slate?
Traveler: Take us there.
Saimon Jirou: I won't!
Paimon: What?
Saimon Jirou: I don't want to, so I won't!
Traveler: Afraid of something?
Saimon Jirou: Wh—What would I be afraid of?
Saimon Jirou: If you made me lead you there and get you the stone slate...
Saimon Jirou: That place is where... people dispose of bodies...
Saimon Jirou: You'd just get rid of me, wouldn't you? Wh—Why wouldn't I be scared...
Paimon: Whoa, such clear logic!
Paimon: Well, he's got a point. Why didn't we think of that?
Traveler: Let's do it your way, then.
Saimon Jirou: Hey! I haven't told you where the stone slate is hidden yet!
Saimon Jirou: Are you just going to get rid of me... right here? The secret of the stone slate will die with me, you know?
Saimon Jirou: J—Just spare my life, and I'll tell you where it is. And after that... I'll do whatever you tell me.
Paimon: (Let's not press him too hard. And since he's already said this much...)
Traveler: Fine. We'll spare you.
Saimon Jirou: There's a place, beside a small waterfall, hidden amongst the cliffs across the sea from Ritou. That's where I buried the stone slate.
Saimon Jirou: If you fear you might forget, my lords, I'll mark the location on your map later...
Paimon: Thanks!
Traveler: *cough*
Paimon: Hmph. Looks like you've got your uses, huh?
Traveler: Tell me where to find the slate.
Traveler: (Your cover is slipping.)
Traveler: Hmm.

## Talk 11

Saimon Jirou: How are things going? I can already smell the treasure, haha!
Paimon: Mm-hmm, us too!
Traveler: Well, here they are.
Saimon Jirou: One, two, three, four... Hmm, no, that's not right.
Paimon: Eh—?
Saimon Jirou: We're missing one slate.
Paimon: This guy is untrustworthy. He's trying to play us!
Traveler: What's going on, Jirou?
Saimon Jirou: D—Don't be so hasty! Let me explain.
Saimon Jirou: I hid one other stone slate beforehand — here, beside a waterfall amidst the cliffs on Ritou's opposing shore. Here, I'll mark it out on your map.
Saimon Jirou: I just need you two to go on one last trip.
Paimon: Really...? Paimon still thinks this is suspicious.
Traveler: No tricks.
Saimon Jirou: There won't be, don't worry.
Saimon Jirou: See, if I didn't have that last slate, I wouldn't be able to get to the treasure either, would I?
Traveler: Then why didn't you tell us from the start?
Saimon Jirou: Well, I didn't trust you all as much then. But since you've both helped me so much, there's no reason for me to hide anymore.
Paimon: ...You do have a point.
Saimon Jirou: I'll leave it to you two, then. I'll be resting here. Just look for me again once you've found it.
Paimon: Hmph. Aren't you a pair of idle hands.
Paimon: We're doing all the work here... Maybe we should renegotiate our terms!
Saimon Jirou: Wait! We had an agreement on that one! You'll have a majority share!
Paimon: Are you sure?
Traveler: He's panicked, that's what's for sure.
Paimon: Well, since you look like you want that treasure so desperately, we'll trust you just this once.
Paimon: We're definitely gonna renegotiate once we get our hands on that last stone slate.

## Talk 12

Bandit Leader: Who are you? Name yourselves!
Traveler: That's our line. Who are you?
Bandit Leader: What's that got to do with you?
Traveler: I will not cut down a nameless person.
Bandit Leader: Hah! You outlanders have such a rule as well?
Bandit Leader: How interesting...
Saimon Jirou: There's no need to waste time here, just fight him already!
Traveler: Silence, you.
Saimon Jirou: Uh, okay...
Bandit Leader: You've come to save this kid?
Saimon Jirou: #No, {F#she}{M#he} hasn't...
Bandit Leader: Silence, you!
Saimon Jirou: A—Alright, you speak first.
Paimon: We're here to settle a score with him!
Bandit Leader: Oh? What a coincidence!
Bandit Leader: I'm here to do just that myself!
Bandit Leader: In which case, I'm afraid you're going to have to get in line.
Traveler: Hmm. Would you like to know...
Paimon: ...Who saved him the previous time?
Bandit Leader: You did.
Bandit Leader: He told me so at least a few times.
Traveler: Oh, then that's alright.
Bandit Leader: He bluffed you into helping him find the stone slate, didn't he? Bet he didn't tell you that the treasure still needs a key to open it, huh?
Paimon: A key?
Bandit Leader: Hah! You see, the treasury doesn't just have one gate, but three.
Bandit Leader: Want to open that door? Slates, key, you'll need 'em both.
Bandit Leader: This fellow is a little snake. Had us all fooled.
Traveler: ...
Bandit Leader: How about this? I suggest that you and I settle this whole treasure business between us.
Bandit Leader: From the looks of you, you aren't with the Shogunate. That suits me just fine. I'd sooner trust an outlander than one of those lackeys.
Bandit Leader: And if you can prove your ability, I'll let you into my group. It's a good deal for you!
Traveler: What about Jirou?
Bandit Leader: Oh, him? I'll have the dogs tear him to shreds. We'll pack the pieces up and chuck 'em into the sea.
Saimon Jirou: You have other dogs?
Bandit Leader: What do you mean by that?
Saimon Jirou: I mean that Toratarou doesn't bite.
Bandit Leader: And how do you know that?
Saimon Jirou: He's a good dog, he wouldn't bite anyone!
Bandit Leader: I think you're in need of a few dog bites, alright!
Saimon Jirou: But that's the thing. Toratarou wouldn't bite anyone! He's a real friendly dog!
Bandit Leader: Shut up!
Saimon Jirou: But...
Bandit Leader: But, but, but! Just shut up already, or do you need me to smash you, cage and everything!?
Saimon Jirou: ...
Bandit Leader: Now, where were we?
Traveler: You were talking about a key...
Bandit Leader: It's on his person.
Bandit Leader: That smart aleck thought that he could hide the treasury key and keep all the treasure for himself.
Bandit Leader: But he was way too hasty for his own good. He's just full of openings!
Bandit Leader: Now in our line of work, the most important thing is a sense of "fairness."
Bandit Leader: Things don't end well for those who try to hoard everything for themselves.
Bandit Leader: It's just the principle of the matter, you know? And when someone doesn't listen to his brothers, then slightly... harder measures are required.
Bandit Leader: So he fled into the cage, locked himself inside, and threw the key away—
Paimon: What...?
Bandit Leader: I know, right? He stunned us right into silence too.
Bandit Leader: And then he gave a cry of shock—
Saimon Jirou: I threw the wrong key... I threw the cage key into the trees opposite us.
Paimon: Pfft!
Paimon: Bwahahahahaha! What in the world is that?
Traveler: Heh...
Bandit Leader: So, the person you're trying to save is this hapless, worthless man.
Bandit Leader: Not much to his character either: he's a deserter, hated by all!
Bandit Leader: And finally, he even got on the bad side of someone he couldn't afford to offend!
Bandit Leader: But you on the other hand — you're a smart person. You've got brains, brawn, and you've got your ways.
Bandit Leader: Between him and I, it should be pretty obvious who you should choose, eh?
Traveler: I wouldn't call myself that intelligent.
Bandit Leader: ...And what do you mean by that?
Traveler: The treasure. I'm taking all of it.
Paimon: Alright!
Bandit Leader: Is that so... Well, that's a shame. A real shame.
Traveler: Give me Saimon Jirou.
Traveler: I'll take both him and the treasure.
Traveler: I'd say you're the unintelligent one here.
Traveler: That's a classic...

## Talk 13

Saimon Jirou: N—No! D—Don't come any closer!
Saimon Jirou: Noooo! I wanna go home! I don't wanna be a bandit! Or a treasure hunter!
Traveler: Calm down, Jirou.
Paimon: There, there... We're here to rescue. We're gonna take you home.
Saimon Jirou: No! No! I want to live! I still want to see my mother...!
Paimon: Agh, now Paimon's feeling guilty...
Traveler: Me too, actually.
Paimon: (Just look at him! Paimon doesn't think he's gonna listen to a word you say... We might as well just keep up the act!)
Saimon Jirou: Stop! Stop! Don't come any closer!
Traveler: Hey, listen here...
Paimon: I—It's like this, alright?
Paimon: You've caused us lots of trouble, and your repeated deceptions are a sin that cannot be atoned for!
Saimon Jirou: ...!
Traveler: However!
Paimon: You have contributed to the Shogun's righteous cause in aiding in the defeat of these bandits!
Paimon: By these actions have you thus redeemed yourself, and thus, you shall not be punished. Indeed, we shall bring you home to be reunited with your parents!
Traveler: Indeed.
Saimon Jirou: ...
Paimon: Hey, Jirou, are you alright?
Saimon Jirou: ...
Saimon Jirou: ...
Paimon: Hello! Jirou! Are you there?
Saimon Jirou: ...?
Saimon Jirou: Is this...
Traveler: ...?
Saimon Jirou: Is this... some kind of newfangled interrogation technique?
Paimon: Pfft! No, it isn't! We're going to bring you home! C'mon, aren't you happy?
Saimon Jirou: Oh...
Saimon Jirou: Ohh...
Saimon Jirou: Ohhhh!
Paimon: Whoa, what are you trying to do, bite someone?
Saimon Jirou: ...So you're saying that not only am I not going to be "dealt with," but that I made a contribution, right?
Traveler: Th—That is the case, yes.
Saimon Jirou: Hahaha! That's right, that's right! That was my intention all along!
Saimon Jirou: I won't beleaguer you with the details, but I was merely baiting those crooks in when I was captured the previous two times...
Saimon Jirou: I redirected you and intentionally got myself captured, for I had calculated perfectly that you would find me here, just as I fell into the trap!
Saimon Jirou: But little did they know that I had risked myself to serve as the lure while you closed the net! Ah, like the praying mantis hunting the cicada, they did not see th—
Traveler: We were just randomly passing by.
Saimon Jirou: *sigh* Indeed, even the wisest of the wise cannot account for every coincidence.
Saimon Jirou: Of course, I'm not calling myself wise here. I am a very humble person, after all.
Paimon: Whoa, and here we were worried that we might have scared the stupid out of him...
Paimon: Seems like this guy has forgotten everything.
Traveler: I'd say that his thick skin is a small miracle in and of itself.
Saimon Jirou: Hehe. Well, now that you've said all this, I feel like there's no need to go home just yet!
Paimon: *sigh* This guy is... Ugh, he's such a waste of our breath!
Saimon Jirou: Why don't we just get all that treasure while we're at it. Two big scores in one day shall set us all at ease.
Paimon: Hmph. *If* there's any treasure, you mean...
Paimon: But why don't we go have a look anyway? We've come all this way. It'd be a shame not to take some of that treasure~
Saimon Jirou: That's more like it! Here's the key. Don't lose it, now.
Traveler: We weren't looking for you.
Traveler: You know what, I'm actually quite glad.
Paimon: Hey—!

## Talk 14

Saimon Jirou: Phew... I... I'm very sorry, you two.
Saimon Jirou: To tell you the truth, I—I'm still a little frightened by everything that happened...
Paimon: Oh, forget that for now. We're here for the treasure, y'know? The treasure!
Saimon Jirou: *sigh* Don't... be in such a rush. Just let me take a break, and we'll head off.
Paimon: Hmph. You can forget about fooling us this time, Jirou!
Saimon Jirou: I won't. I wouldn't dare...
Saimon Jirou: *sigh* You know what? I'll just give you the key. Just don't lose it now.
Saimon Jirou: And don't worry, it isn't the cage key this time...

## Talk 15

Paimon: What in the world is all this...
Paimon: *cough* Pah...! So much ash!
Saimon Jirou: We've looked all over the place. Nothing but rotten provisions and old pottery...
Saimon Jirou: Famous swords and armor, precious gems and gold... There's nothing like that here.
Saimon Jirou: There's nothing hidden underneath, either...
Saimon Jirou: Why did this happen?
Paimon: Hey! You aren't tricking us again, are you!?
Traveler: Steady, Paimon...
Paimon: Huh...? But there's nothing here!
Traveler: I think I get what happened...
Saimon Jirou: What is this!? We did so much, planned for so long, but in the end...
Paimon: Uh, come on, don't get too down...
Traveler: Let's go home, Jirou.
Saimon Jirou: ...
Paimon: Alright, come on, there's no need to be so sad. Let's go home, shall we?
Paimon: Maybe you think that returning home empty-handed might be embarrassing, but actually, it's fine...
Paimon: You've been through three super dangerous adventures, and you survived.
Paimon: The mistakes you've made have also been made up for. Though you didn't get the treasure you expected, you didn't lose anything in the end anyway...
Paimon: Compared to all those dangers you've been through, being scolded by your dad is nothing, right?
Saimon Jirou: Alright...
Saimon Jirou: Let's go home, Jirou.
Paimon: (Yay! We did it!)
Traveler: I'll explain it to you later, Paimon.
Traveler: He isn't tricking us this time.

## Talk 16

Saimon Katsumi: Haha! My Jirou's back!
Saimon Katsumi: You little brat! Bet you've been slacking off instead of fighting for Her Excellency like you ought to have, eh? And to top it off, you didn't even have time to write to me!
Traveler: Jirou's been working hard.
Saimon Eri: Working hard at everything but fighting, am I right?
Saimon Jirou: ...
Saimon Katsumi: Wait. What do you mean?
Saimon Eri: It means you're an old mouth breather...
Saimon Eri: This kid can always count on your falling for his fibs. But not me — I always see through his little lies.
Saimon Eri: I'll bet he ran away to have his own little adventures because he thought army life was hard, boring, and dangerous.
Saimon Eri: ...Just like you when you were young.
Saimon Eri: Lazy, impatient, and feckless, but fond of a good brag. Ah, you men are all the same...
Saimon Katsumi: Hey! Why'd you start trashing me all of a sudden?
Saimon Katsumi: Let him speak for himself! What happened?
Saimon Jirou: Well... It's a long story...
Saimon Katsumi: Hahahahaha! You're... You're an embarrassment!
Saimon Katsumi: Hahahahahaha! The what to the what now? What is this nonsense? Hahaha!
Saimon Katsumi: I'm ashamed to call you my son!
Saimon Katsumi: Just go and be a comedian in the city — and don't come back, you hear?
Saimon Eri: Hehe, I'm just glad that you didn't lose a limb, Jirou.
Saimon Eri: Though to be honest, we'd be more relieved if you did...
Paimon: Whoa. That's a guy's real parents for you, huh...?
Saimon Katsumi: So... are you two really ninjas from the Tenryou Commission?
Saimon Jirou: If you ask me...
Paimon: Nope!
Traveler: We're not.
Saimon Jirou: ???
Saimon Katsumi: ...
Saimon Eri: ...
Paimon: ...
Saimon Katsumi: ...Pfft!
Saimon Katsumi: Ahahahahahahaha!
Saimon Eri: Hahahaha... All right, give our son a break, you old geezer.
Saimon Jirou: But you've been laughing at me too, mom!
Saimon Katsumi: Well, again, we're just glad that you came back safe.
Saimon Katsumi: After all, you only had to join the army because of that little crime you committed...
Saimon Katsumi: Ever since you left, neither we nor the village chief have been able to protect you.
Saimon Katsumi: But you've got to learn to look out for yourself, too. How to choose your path wisely, how to assess the risks...
Saimon Katsumi: You're a clever kid, but that's not enough when you're away from home. You need to be cautious and...
Saimon Eri: All right, that's enough nagging, you old fossil. What our boy needs right now is a bath and a good rest.
Paimon: Um, Paimon heard you mention that he committed a "little crime."
Traveler: What was that about?
Saimon Katsumi: ...
Saimon Eri: ...
Saimon Eri: Oh, it was nothing... Just a stupid mistake made by some reckless young men who bit off more than they could chew.
Saimon Katsumi: I wouldn't call it a mistake though...
Saimon Eri: Ahem!
Saimon Katsumi: Y—Yes, as I was saying, they made a mistake, and there was no excuse for that.
Saimon Katsumi: Ah! Silly me! I've talked so much but left your payment out!
Saimon Katsumi: Well, since my own son isn't worth pinning my hopes on... I'll hand our heirloom blade over to you!
Saimon Katsumi: Please accept this priceless family heirloom of ours as weregild for his life.
Saimon Katsumi: I hope that the path ahead won't render this blade bloodstained, youngster...
Saimon Eri: Hah! I wouldn't worry about that — this blade's so blunt, it's nearly turned back into a billet!
Saimon Katsumi: Tch, old woman! Don't show such disrespect to our heirloom blade!
Saimon Katsumi: Come, take this drawing with you as well.
Saimon Katsumi: See? This is how our blade used to look like...
Saimon Katsumi: Look at that beautiful pattern...
Saimon Katsumi: The smooth arc...
Saimon Katsumi: The lovely cross section and sharp edge...
Saimon Eri: Alright, alright. How long are you going to caress that artwork, huh? Give them the gift already!
Saimon Katsumi: Hmph...!
Saimon Katsumi: Take good care of them, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: Oh, right! Take our heirloom armor too! I was gonna give it to Ichirou, but he's also good for nothing... so it's yours!
Saimon Eri: Geez, stop it! Can't you see how this armor's practically dripping rust!? You're embarrassing yourself!
Traveler: You're too kind...
Saimon Katsumi: Alright, alright then...
Saimon Katsumi: Thank you once again, youngster from a foreign land...
Saimon Katsumi: I wish you good fortune in your adventure ahead.
Traveler: But your gifts are more than enough already...
Traveler: So, about his being a deserter...
Saimon Katsumi: Thanks for reminding us about that. But I'll just say this: Don't underestimate the wisdom of us farming folk, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: Did I ever mention that the place where you found the "treasure"...
Saimon Katsumi: Was actually a granary where ancient farmers stored their surplus grain? Back when I was a kid, it was common knowledge that such things existed.
Saimon Katsumi: But over time, ignorant adventurers and city people mispronounced its name...
Saimon Katsumi: One wrong name snowballed into another, and eventually, a "granary" became a "treasury."
Saimon Katsumi: Not that this didn't make sense — food is priceless treasure to us in times of war, after all.
Saimon Katsumi: The principle we'll follow for this whole deserter business is the same.
Paimon: How exactly can these two things be treated the same?
Saimon Katsumi: Metaphorically, of course!
Saimon Katsumi: As long as we can still afford to, we won't give any young person up to war.
Saimon Eri: Don't worry, the old man and I will hide this child well.
Saimon Eri: And once we've ridden out the storm, we'll kick him out of the house again... He can go find himself a decent job then.
Traveler: Entirely so, I fear.

## Talk 17

Saimon Katsumi: Haha! My Jirou's back!
Saimon Katsumi: You little brat! Bet you've been slacking off instead of fighting for Her Excellency like you ought to have, eh? And to top it off, you didn't even have time to write to me!
Traveler: Jirou's been working hard.
Saimon Eri: Working hard at everything but fighting, am I right?
Saimon Jirou: ...
Saimon Katsumi: Wait. What do you mean?
Saimon Eri: It means you're an old mouth breather...
Saimon Eri: This kid can always count on your falling for his fibs. But not me — I always see through his little lies.
Saimon Eri: I'll bet he ran away to have his own little adventures because he thought army life was hard, boring, and dangerous.
Saimon Eri: ...Just like you when you were young.
Saimon Eri: Lazy, impatient, and feckless, but fond of a good brag. Ah, you men are all the same...
Saimon Katsumi: Hey! Why'd you start trashing me all of a sudden?
Saimon Katsumi: Let him speak for himself! What happened?
Saimon Jirou: Well... It's a long story...
Saimon Katsumi: Hahahahaha! You're... You're an embarrassment!
Saimon Katsumi: Hahahahahaha! The what to the what now? What is this nonsense? Hahaha!
Saimon Katsumi: I'm ashamed to call you my son!
Saimon Katsumi: You should just sod off to be a comedian in the city — and don't come back, you hear?
Saimon Eri: Hehe, I'm just glad that you didn't lose a limb, Jirou.
Saimon Eri: Though to be honest, we'd be more relieved if you did...
Paimon: Whoa. That's a guy's real parents for you, huh...?
Saimon Katsumi: Well, again, we're just glad that you came back safe.
Saimon Katsumi: After all, you only had to join the army because of that little crime you committed...
Saimon Katsumi: Ever since you left, neither we nor the village chief have been able to protect you.
Saimon Katsumi: But you've got to learn to look out for yourself, too. How to choose your path wisely, how to assess the risks...
Saimon Katsumi: You're a clever kid, but that's not enough when you're away from home. You need to be cautious and...
Saimon Eri: All right, that's enough nagging, you old fossil. What our boy needs right now is a bath and a good rest.
Paimon: Um, Paimon heard you mention that he committed a "little crime."
Traveler: What was that about?
Saimon Katsumi: ...
Saimon Eri: ...
Saimon Eri: Oh, it was nothing... Just a stupid mistake made by some reckless young men who bit off more than they could chew.
Saimon Katsumi: I wouldn't call it a mistake though...
Saimon Eri: Ahem!
Saimon Katsumi: Y—Yes, as I was saying, they made a mistake, and there was no excuse for that.
Saimon Katsumi: Ah! Silly me! I've talked so much but left your payment out!
Saimon Katsumi: Well, since my own son isn't worth pinning my hopes on... I'll hand our heirloom blade over to you!
Saimon Katsumi: Please accept this priceless family heirloom of ours as weregild for his life.
Saimon Katsumi: I hope that the path ahead won't render this blade bloodstained, youngster...
Saimon Eri: Hah! I wouldn't worry about that — this blade's so blunt, it's nearly turned back into a billet!
Saimon Katsumi: Tch, old woman! Don't show such disrespect to our heirloom blade!
Saimon Katsumi: Come, take this drawing with you as well.
Saimon Katsumi: See? This is how our blade used to look like...
Saimon Katsumi: Look at that beautiful pattern...
Saimon Katsumi: The smooth arc...
Saimon Katsumi: The lovely cross section and sharp edge...
Saimon Eri: Alright, alright. How long are you going to caress that artwork, huh? Give them the gift already!
Saimon Katsumi: Hmph...!
Saimon Katsumi: Take good care of them, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: Oh, right! Take our heirloom armor too! I was gonna give it to Ichirou, but he's also good for nothing... so it's yours!
Saimon Eri: Geez, stop it! Can't you see how this armor's practically dripping rust!? You're embarrassing yourself!
Traveler: You're too kind...
Saimon Katsumi: Alright, alright then...
Saimon Katsumi: Thank you once again, youngster from a foreign land...
Saimon Katsumi: I wish you good fortune in your adventure ahead.
Traveler: But your gifts are more than enough already...
Traveler: So, about his being a deserter...
Saimon Katsumi: Thanks for reminding us about that. But I'll just say this: Don't underestimate the wisdom of us farming folk, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: Did I ever mention that the place where you found the "treasure"...
Saimon Katsumi: Was actually a granary where ancient farmers stored their surplus grain? Back when I was a kid, it was common knowledge that such things existed.
Saimon Katsumi: But over time, ignorant adventurers and city people mispronounced its name...
Saimon Katsumi: One wrong name snowballed into another, and eventually, a "granary" became a "treasury."
Saimon Katsumi: Not that this didn't make sense — food is priceless treasure to us in times of war, after all.
Saimon Katsumi: The principle we'll follow for this whole deserter business is the same.
Paimon: How exactly can these two things be treated the same?
Saimon Katsumi: Metaphorically, of course!
Saimon Katsumi: As long as we can still afford to, we won't give any young person up to war.
Saimon Eri: Don't worry, the old man and I will hide this child well.
Saimon Eri: And once we've ridden out the storm, we'll kick him out of the house again... He can go find himself a decent job then.
Traveler: Entirely so, I fear.

## Talk 18

Saimon Katsumi: You've returned, youngster!
Saimon Katsumi: How have things gone? Do you have any news?
Traveler: I'm still working on it.
Saimon Katsumi: Ah, to think that I've inconvenienced you so on account of my useless son...
Saimon Katsumi: Pick some of the fruits and vegetables around my house before you go. I am old, anyway, and there's no way I could finish them.

## Talk 19

Traveler: About Konda Village...
Saimon Katsumi: You mean our village? Well then, you've certainly asked the right man.
Saimon Katsumi: Our village gained its fame from producing dyes, and has been the Shogunate's very own dye production facility for as long as anyone records or remembers.
Saimon Katsumi: When business was good in the old days, this place was an ocean of red and purple from here to Byakko Plain.
Saimon Katsumi: It's a shame that this is not the case anymore... The young people have gone to the city to seek their fortunes, and with the war going on, we have even more trouble keeping people. We cannot keep them, and we cannot hope for their return.
Saimon Katsumi: Even my Jirou has... *sigh* I can only hope that he is doing well.
Saimon Katsumi: But if you ask me if I regret sending my boy out to the battlefield...
Saimon Katsumi: Haha. We people of Konda Village have never regretted such things.
Saimon Katsumi: Our ancestors have never feared any foe, not even during the Archon War those millennia ago.
Saimon Katsumi: Half our young men went out to battle alongside the divine kitsune in the war five hundred years ago, and they were all slain, never to return... they were also our ancestors.
Saimon Katsumi: Every person here is a descendant of samurai — descendants of the victorious dead and the survivors.
Saimon Katsumi: No matter how long the peace or lengthy the prosperity, that memory will never fade.
Saimon Katsumi: So... If dying for Her Excellency the Ogosho is to be our fate, we have no reason to refuse.

## Talk 20

Traveler: About your son...
Saimon Katsumi: Yes? Do you have any news?
Paimon: Uh, no, not right now! We're still trying to look for him.
Saimon Katsumi: Haha, slow down. Don't rush it, youngster.
Saimon Katsumi: *sigh* But at the same time, please don't take too long either.

## Talk 21

???: Finally, someone's here... Please, kind souls, get me out of here! I've been stuck here for several days now...
Paimon: Sure! C'mon, let's bust this thing open in one go!
Traveler: Great idea!
???: Hey! Stop right there, stop!
???: C—Can you guarantee that this won't hurt me?
Traveler: Not at all.
Paimon: Oh come on, we're gonna save you first — everything else can wait!
???: No! Don't! It's... it's too scary!
???: And you don't have to be so reckless, I know where the key is!
Traveler: And you didn't think to tell us that first?
???: You didn't ask!
???: *sigh* If you're here to help, you should listen to what people have to say, at least!
???: The key's in that tree over there. Just help me get it and open this cage.
???: See that thing glittering over in that tree? That's where the key is.
???: I'll thank you all properly once I'm out of here.
Paimon: Hmm, you threw it pretty far, huh?
Traveler: How did you end up in here?
???: It's... a long story, and this isn't the place to chat about that. Get me out of here first and then we'll talk.
Traveler: Do you know where Saimon Jirou is?
???: I—I do, yes! I'll tell you once I'm out!
Traveler: Stand back.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

???: Phew, finally, someone's here to rescue me!
???: Thank you, thank you so much!
???: But we can't stay in this place. Let's split up and get out of here!
???: Ah, right. I know of a safe spot. Let me just mark it out for you over... here.
???: Just look for me there, got it? Okay. Great. Bye!
Paimon: Hey, wait a—
Paimon: Ugh, he's gone off on his own. So rude!
Traveler: Well, we are a bit too close to the open sea.
Paimon: That's true. Let's get out of here first, then!
Traveler: The bandits will spot us any moment now.

### Additional Talk 2

???: Is this another "trial"...?
Paimon: We were just discussing the matter...
???: Do you outlanders need to hold a meeting just to get a single key?
Paimon: Ah, but what if you are some sort of great bandit?
Traveler: Perhaps it would be safer if you remained inside that cage.
Paimon: That's true... What if he starts growing super huge all of a sudden once we let him out, and he tears us to pieces and eats us, all snicker-snack-like?
???: Hey! That's not what a bandit does!
???: Also, what on earth is "snicker-snack"?
Traveler: He might be a werewolf.
Paimon: Oh no! A werewolf! So scary...
???: Are you two playing me for a fool here?
Paimon: What a fierce werewolf!
Traveler: So ferocious!
???: What are you two, children?
Traveler: A snickery-snackery werewolf.

### Additional Talk 3

???: The key is in that tree, so stop playing around already!
Paimon: Come on, haven't you heard of "mental strength"?
???: I just know that it has nothing to do with this cage.
Traveler: And that's where you'd be wrong!
Paimon: First, you need to create an imaginary space.
Paimon: Then focus your attention on the cage around you, and imagine it disappearing... and disappearing...
Traveler: Follow along, if you please...
???: ...
???: ...
???: ...
???: ...I've got it.
Traveler: Speak, young man.
???: Talking to you is bad for my mental health.
???: So, starting from now, I'm just not going to speak to either of you.
Paimon: Aw, come on, don't be like that!
???: ...
Traveler: Did we say something wrong?
???: ...
Paimon: What a weirdo...

### Additional Talk 4

Saimon Jirou: Oh, you're back? Don't worry about the stone slates. Once you've found them, just give them all to me at once.

### Additional Talk 5

Traveler: About the bandit camp...
Saimon Jirou: Ah, yes, about that... I do have something I'd like you to help me with.
Saimon Jirou: The camp also keeps a little dog. Hehe, we got on pretty well — you could even call us cellmates in a way...
Saimon Jirou: Could you... help me rescue that little fellow?
Saimon Jirou: I remember that the key should be on Red Nose Tsutomu.
Saimon Jirou: He's always drunk out of his gourd... There's no missing him.
Traveler: I'll bear that in mind.
Traveler: I'll think about it.

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: So, do you know a Saimon Katsumi...
Saimon Jirou: Uh... Have you met him...?
Saimon Jirou: *sigh* What a headache...
Paimon: Could you explain that?
Saimon Jirou: I didn't enjoy being in the army. And you've seen how the old man gets when he talks about war...
Saimon Jirou: But you know what? He's lived in peace all this time himself, and he never dared to join the army either... So he just pushed those unfulfilled expectations onto me.
Saimon Jirou: As for me... I was okay with it at first, too. The Tenryou Commission treated us well, and I was making good money!
Saimon Jirou: But then, the real war started up...
Saimon Jirou: Well, the battlefield follows its own logic, of course. But the gain was never worth what we lost.
Saimon Jirou: I couldn't get with that kind of thinking, so I left.
Paimon: Huh...
Traveler: By which he means that he deserted.
Paimon: Oh!
Saimon Jirou: Come on, "deserting" is such a bad word. I prefer something like...
Traveler: "Absconding?"
Saimon Jirou: What on earth is that?
Paimon: What on earth is that?
Traveler: Heh...
Saimon Jirou: Right, I remember now. This is what we call "transferring investments!"
Paimon: Huh...
Traveler: He means going off to become a bandit.
Paimon: Ah!
Saimon Jirou: How did you know that I—
Traveler: I just guessed.
Paimon: Haha, he gave himself up!
Saimon Jirou: Hmph...
Saimon Jirou: Alright, alright. Let's not talk about this stuff... We'll have all the time in the world to talk nonsense once the stone slates have all been found.
Traveler: Forget I said anything.

### Additional Talk 7

Traveler: Alright.
Saimon Jirou: Well, you continue then. If you'd like to rest for a while over here, that's fine too.

### Additional Talk 8

Saimon Jirou: Ah, my lords! You've returned.
Saimon Jirou: How is it? How goes your search.
Traveler: Be quiet, whelp.
Paimon: (How are you this experienced...)
Saimon Jirou: Y—Yes, I'm sorry! I spoke out of turn, out of turn!
Saimon Jirou: Please, my lords, rest your weary feet here, and continue on your way once you are rested as you please...
Traveler: Mm.
Paimon: Mm~

### Additional Talk 9

Saimon Jirou: Oh, you're back!
Paimon: So you've been quite idle here, huh?
Saimon Jirou: Haha, there's no need to put it like that.
Saimon Jirou: Sit as you please and have something to eat. This tent of mine isn't too bad, I hope!
Saimon Jirou: Ah, yes. How goes the search for the stone slates?
Traveler: Alright.
Saimon Jirou: So quickly? Ah, I should have expected no less from travelers from abroad who move as they please through Inazuma!
Saimon Jirou: No need to rush. At this rate, the day I get rich is not far off, I'd wager!
Saimon Jirou: Uh... *cough*, I mean, "we."
Saimon Jirou: Aye, what say we all get rich together, eh?
Paimon: Hmph. What a fishy guy...
Traveler: We've found a few!

### Additional Talk 10

???: ...
Paimon: Wow, he's really ignoring us...

### Additional Talk 11

Saimon Jirou: I'm Saimon Jirou! I'm Saimon Jirou, alright?
Saimon Jirou: The treasure's all yours! I won't take a single Mora!
Paimon: (Let's not get him too much more worked up than this. He's such a wretched guy...)

### Additional Talk 12

Saimon Jirou: If you hadn't gotten me out of that cage, those fellows would have turned me into a blood urchin...
Paimon: What's a blood urchin?
Saimon Jirou: Hahaha. Oh right, the two of you are outlanders. You wouldn't know our local parlance.
Saimon Jirou: It's a very scary, ancient method of punishment. A very, very scary one...
Traveler: Very, very, very scary...
Paimon: Alright, alright, Paimon doesn't wanna hear it! Ugh, why did Paimon even ask!?
Paimon: #No, wait. Actually, how did you know all this weird stuff, huh, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Hehe. Why don't you try to guess?
Paimon: Hey—!
Saimon Jirou: Hahaha, alright.
Saimon Jirou: #So you're called {NICKNAME}. My name is Saimon Jirou. Pleased to meet you.
Traveler: The pleasure is all mine.
Paimon: Hmm. That's right, we still don't know how you ended up in that cage.
Saimon Jirou: Well, this is a bit embarrassing... But I was just trying to get some peace of mind from my naggy old father...
Saimon Jirou: Never thought I'd wander right into a nest of bandits and get myself kidnapped!
Saimon Jirou: If not for you, I'd be in mortal danger for sure!
Saimon Jirou: Ah, yes, I forget. I should probably give you some reward for this deed. My apologies.
Paimon: Hehe, you're too polite...
Saimon Jirou: So, as for the reward...
Paimon: Yep, yep?
Saimon Jirou: I'm sorry, but I can't give it to you right now.
Paimon: Come on, then why did you leave us hanging like that?
Saimon Jirou: Whoa, no need to rush. Just slow down a bit and let me talk.
Saimon Jirou: Well, I—I'm a professional treasure hunter.
Paimon: Professional treasure hunter? Never heard of that...
Saimon Jirou: Uh, I mean, I'm someone who looks for treasure for a living.
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon's got it now!
Saimon Jirou: After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.
Saimon Jirou: It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.
Paimon: Eh...?
Traveler: So you want us to run your errands for you?
Saimon Jirou: C'mon, don't be so hard up! If you bring the stone slates to me, and let me open the treasury door for you, I won't take a single Mora. The treasure will all be yours.
Paimon: That's so fishy...
Saimon Jirou: I mean, you did save my life! What's some treasure compared to that?
Traveler: I can't be sure if we can trust you...
Saimon Jirou: Hehe, ah, see I knew you'd be too kind to take it all.
Saimon Jirou: How about this, then? We'll split it thirty-seventy. Seventy for me, twenty for you, and we'll give that last ten to the Ogosho in taxes. How about that?
Paimon: Hey! Why do we have to split the loot with the Shogun?
Traveler: You're not making any sense...
Saimon Jirou: It's a huge treasury, you know? Even twenty percent is a sizable amount!
Saimon Jirou: And it's better than getting nothing, am I right?
Paimon: Didn't you say that you weren't going to take a single Mora?
Saimon Jirou: Hehe, that was a limited-time offer — you snooze, you lose!
Paimon: This guy—!
Paimon: We'll settle this score once we find that treasure, mark Paimon's words!

### Additional Talk 13

Saimon Jirou: Please go, you two. Time waits for no one!

### Additional Talk 14

???: Finally, someone's here... Please, kind souls, get me out of here! I've been stuck here for several days now...
Paimon: Sure! C'mon, let's bust this thing open in one go!
Traveler: Great idea!
???: Hey! Stop right there, stop!
???: C—Can you guarantee that this won't hurt me?
Traveler: Not at all.
Paimon: Oh come on, we're gonna save you first — everything else can wait!
???: No! Don't! It's... it's too scary!
???: And you don't have to be so reckless, I know where the key is!
Traveler: And you didn't think to tell us that first?
???: You didn't ask!
???: *sigh* If you're here to help, you should listen to what people have to say, at least!
???: The key's in that tree over there. Just help me get it and open this cage.
???: See that thing glittering over in that tree? That's where the key is.
???: I'll thank you all properly once I'm out of here.
Paimon: Hmm, you threw it pretty far, huh?
Traveler: How did you end up in here?
???: It's... a long story, and this isn't the place to chat about that. Get me out of here first and then we'll talk.
Traveler: Do you know where Saimon Jirou is?
???: I—I do, yes! I'll tell you once I'm out!
Traveler: Stand back.