# Target: Master of the Snowy Peaks!

Edmund: You're here, Traveler. Phew... That's a relief.
Paimon: Whoa, it's Edmund and Farabi. Why did you suddenly come to Dragonspine? Paimon was pretty surprised that you'd ask to meet here.
Farabi: Haha, this is quite sudden, but since an "unexpected research target" has appeared, I can't let go of this opportunity.
Paimon: "Unexpected research target"?
Farabi: Yes. Mr. Edmund says that he's seen huge animal footprints at the foot of the snowy mountain, and we finally found similar prints around this area.
Farabi: I can thus confirm that a huge Snowboar does indeed live there!
Farabi: If we can get samples of its hair and blood, they will be a huge help in figuring out Snowboars' living conditions, and why they appeared at the foot of the mountain.
Paimon: So our objective today is to hunt down that huge Snowboar?
Edmund: No, it's not a hunt. In the legends we hunters tell, the huge Snowboar is the true master of Dragonspine, and it is not something you can just hunt.
Edmund: But I suppose it'll be alright if we trap it for a short while for research purposes, right? You gotta help me out on this, Farabi.
Farabi: Mm, don't you worry. Honestly, after learning that Mondstadt is always plagued by Forest Boars during harvest season, I've been thinking a lot.
Farabi: If all goes well, I'll continue my research on Forest Boars and maybe even find a solution to the problem.
Farabi: After all, one of the most important purposes of studying creatures is to find a way to live in harmony with them.
Paimon: Hehe, looks like you've learned a lot from your Weinlesefest vacation.
Farabi: Yeah. I had great wine, made friends, and found a goal to work towards. But let's hold the sentimental stuff off for after we get down from this mountain.
Edmund: Traveler, judging by the size of those prints, I strongly doubt I'll be a match for that Snowboar. So I'm gonna have to leave it to an expert like you, if that's alright.
Edmund: But please rest assured that I've set up the bait and some traps. Those should be of some help.
Traveler: Okay, leave it to me.
Farabi: Traveler, if you're ready, I'm going to ignite the bait and lure the Snowboar over.
Traveler: Giant Snowboar, here I come!
Traveler: Hold on, I need more time to prepare.
Farabi: It's okay, take your time. We're dealing with a chunky fellow, after all.