# Search Chronicle: For Childhood Dreams!

Ranjit: Haha, and isn't today another day filled with new hope! Ready to head out, friends?
Paimon: New hope, eh... We can take that to mean your Primo Geovishap communications broke down, then?
Ranjit: Come now, how could you call it a failure? Mortal combat is also communication of a kind.
Ranjit: From that perspective, you could even say that we had an honest, profound exchange, and gained much knowledge about our respective stances in the process.
Ranjit: What do they say again? "No friends without a fight?"
Traveler: I knew this would happen...
Ranjit: Well, you can't know unless you try!
Paimon: Not giving up yet, then?
Ranjit: Well, I'll be honest with you — it's always been my dream to ride a Jadeplume Terrorshroom all through Sumeru...
Ranjit: But the adults would all tell me to not be silly. When I'd ask the Forest Watchers, they'd make troubled faces, tell me not to snoop in risky places.
Ranjit: So I gave up on those unrealistic dreams and grew up normal like the other kids. My only adventures were with my choices for ingredients when cooking...
Ranjit: But I'd get to thinking sometimes, and then I'd remember that I did once have such distant, strange dreams, just like the Aranara of legend.
Ranjit: But they truly exist, and I once saw them. When did I stop being able to do so? When did I start forgetting them?
Ranjit: I heard this tale about an unlucky fellow named Kuntur while in Natlan. He became the target of the sun's hatred due to a mistake his father made.
Ranjit: "Kuntur, Unloved of the Sun" was also ostracized in his tribe, and of course, no Saurian would buddy up with him.
Ranjit: But he didn't give up, nor did he blame his father, or fate! Instead, he proved that he was the equal of any valiant warrior in the tribe through hard work and grit!
Ranjit: In the end, he accomplished something great, not only earning the recognition of an Iktomisaurus comrade, but also becoming a hero to his tribe.
Ranjit: When I heard that tale, I, too, gained the courage to pick my childhood dream off the ground where I'd left it.
Paimon: Huh, so that's the story...
Ranjit: So yes, please do help me with the upcoming Jadeplume Terrorshroom "negotiations"!
Paimon: ...And there you go, dumping it all on us again!
Ranjit: I mean, I'm no match for it as I am now... but I will help support you, so call me whenever you need me!
Ranjit: No need for too much talk. Shall we?
Traveler: Let's go, then.
Traveler: I've got other things to handle. See you in a bit.
Ranjit: No worries. I'll wait for you here.
Traveler: Well, I was doing the actual fighting...
Ranjit: And what fighting it was! Even I could tell that you're an experienced adventurer even amongst adventurers!