# The Illusion's Finishings


## Talk 1

Mamere: ...
Kaykaus: Hey, Sis, she isn't talking...
Irus: Hmph! Whatever. Not that there's anything more to talk about, anyway. Let's just take the stuff and go!
Mamere: ...
Kaykaus: C—C'mon, little one, no need to make that face.
Irus: *sigh* Why did we take this job again? Whatever...
Irus: Hey, Kaykubad! What are you doing just watching over there? Just toss her the boss's Mora — then let's take the paintings and go!
Kaykubad: Eh, do we have to, though? He doesn't know what we're doing this far out. Why don't we just take the Mora and...
Kaykubad: How do they put it again? Favors are more important to deals than Mora...
Paimon: Hey, what are you guys doing?
Irus: Wha... Where did you pop out from?
Traveler: Looks like you're bothering this young lady.
Kaykaus: Her? Bothered? We're just here to buy some artwork, you know...
Paimon: Buying? How much were you gonna pay for one?
Kaykaus: Uh... 500,000 Mora? 550,000? 600,000?
Paimon: Wait, you don't have any hard figures at all!
Irus: Well, that's not our fault — this Melusine won't talk!
Paimon: Well, if she doesn't wanna talk to you, then she doesn't wanna sell! You're just here to take her stuff, aren't you?
Irus: Take!? This is a fair exchange, a fair and square exchange! We're not gonna short-change her... And what's this to you, anyway?
Paimon: Nonsense! Paimon heard that guy over there talking about taking the Mora—
Irus: Tch! Told you to watch your mouth, you...!
Kaykubad: Does it really matter? Haven't we always solved things this way up till now?
Irus: Can't you ever shut up? We don't have the time to involve unrelated people! Besides—
Paimon: What are you looking at?
Irus: Nothing! Buzz off, you're butting into legitimate business here!
Irus: If not, I'm afraid we might have to resort to less... savory methods to settle this.

## Talk 2

Paimon: (The sound of rummaging comes from beyond the door...)
Paimon: Uh, that was louder than Paimon thought it would be.
Mamere: Uh... My paints... But they should be here...

## Talk 3

Paimon: Actually, we've said a lot so far, but what should we call you, again?
Mamere: Mamere. My name is Mamere. I was painting here, but...
Paimon: Ooh, so Melusines can paint too?
Mamere: Yes... I do. Every day, in fact. Because painting the things that I want to brings me happiness.
Paimon: Well, aren't you a painter, then?
Mamere: I see. I'm not sure I understand what you mean, but I guess so.
Paimon: ?
Paimon: #Anyway, let's help gather up the painting tools first, {NICKNAME}. Considering how short her hands are, Paimon's can't even imagine how she'd hold a brush...
Mamere: But your hands are shorter than mine...
Mamere: ...Thank you. It would take a long time for me to clean them up.
Black Screen Text: You help Mamere pick up the scattered painting tools...
Paimon: Well, looks like we're more or less done! Good job, Paimon!
Traveler: It was mostly me doing the work...
Mamere: You barely did anything, Paimon.
Paimon: H—Hey, it's called a division of labor!
Paimon: Speaking of which, what were those people actually trying to do?
Mamere: Them? Hmm... They wanted to exchange Mora for the paintings in my hands.
Paimon: Oh, so they wanted to— wait, then they were here to buy your art after all, weren't they?
Paimon: Uh oh, wh—what do we do? Sounds like we had good intentions, but we ended up interrupting a business transaction you were having...
Mamere: Business? I... don't think you could call it that. Don't both sides have to exchange things the other needs for it to be called "business"?
Mamere: I don't need Mora... so that wasn't business.
Paimon: You don't need Mora? Wait, you're not some sorta renowned painter, are you?
Mamere: Renown? Does that mean that people know about you?
Mamere: I guess I count then? Previously, a stranger claiming to be an art collector or something asked to exchange a large sum of Mora for my artwork...
Paimon: A self-proclaimed collector came to you!? And they cited a high price, to boot... No wonder you said you didn't need Mora. If Paimon could sell her paintings for that much...
Mamere: Hmm? Can you draw too, Paimon?
Paimon: Err, not really. But maybe, with some hard work, starting today...
Traveler: Reckon it's too late for you.
Paimon: Paimon knows, but ooh, this makes her so envious...
Paimon: That said, who's that collector you were talking about, anyway?
Mamere: A rather cool person. And... quite gentle, too.
Mamere: If he hadn't suddenly mentioned Mora, I would have just given him the painting as a gift... Why do these tall people always love talking about that stuff...
Traveler: Yes, you can't put a price on art.
Mamere: Well, I wouldn't say that, exactly, but it's Mora that I would say has no specific relation to art...
Paimon: Um, Mamere, could Paimon have a look at your paintings? Paimon's curious...
Traveler: About the value of the art, I presume.
Paimon: Hey! Paimon's not always thinking about that stuff! This is appreciation! Appreciation of art! Nothing else, alright?
Mamere: Hmm? Sure, but...
Mamere: If you're so interested, Paimon, why don't I just draw a portrait for the two of you?
Paimon: Eh? Would you really?
Mamere: You helped me chase those troublesome people away, and you helped me gather up my painting tools. I've actually been wondering how to thank you all this time.
Mamere: It's just... Would a painting be too odd of a thank-you gift to give?
Paimon: No, of course not!
Paimon: Right, Mamere. Could we give you some directions regarding the painting, by the way?
Mamere: Hmm? Sure.
Mamere: But before that, I'll need to re-pack my painting tools. Those people knocked my paint buckets over, so there's no way I can work here. I'll need to make a trip home first.
Mamere: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon, could you wait for me in the village? I'll clean up over here and head down soon.
Paimon: The village?
Mamere: Hmm? Ah, right. It's our home — we call it "Merusea Village."
Mamere: You just need to swim down from over here and then keep going forward...
Paimon: Okay then. Let's go!
Traveler: I don't think this is a matter of height...
Paimon: Of course. After all, Mora is— Well, actually, Paimon doesn't think you can evaluate art solely based on Mora either...
Traveler: Not with that attitude you won't.
Traveler: Good job me, more like!

## Talk 4

Paimon: Ah, they're gone...
Paimon: Are you alright? Are you hurt in any way?
Mamere: I'm fine... But are you really people from that, uh, Maison Lumitoile place? You seem so strong...
Paimon: #Oh, we were just trying to fool them! {NICKNAME} made that one up on the fly...
Paimon: #But that did the trick, didn't it? {NICKNAME} does cut an upright and imposing figure — and Paimon's pretty cool and official-looking, right?
Traveler: An upstanding person — yes, that's me.
Paimon: Standing straighter than your trusty Dull Blade!
Traveler: ...Paimon, cool?
Paimon: And she'd be twice as cool if she wore the uniform!

## Talk 5

Paimon: They ran off, huh... Why do these people always need to take a beating before they'll cool off, huh?
Paimon: But never mind that. Are you okay?
Mamere: ...I'm fine. Thank you. I'm... not very good at dealing with such people.
Mamere: You're... very impressive.
Paimon: Hehe. Well, we are well-honed professional adventurers, after all! People like that can't hold a candle to us, that's for sure!
Mamere: #No... I don't mean {M#his}{F#her} skills. Anyway, {M#he}{F#she} was the only one fighting. You were just watching...
Paimon: #Well, Paimon's a guide! We're just splitting the work, y'know. Right, {NICKNAME}?

## Talk 6

Jakob: I didn't expect to meet anyone else here. Are you here to gather inspiration, too?
Jakob: This is a rather deserted place, but it is very beautiful. A painting that draws its inspiration from this place will surely be beloved.

## Talk 7

Mamere: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon.
Paimon: Huh? Mamere!?
Mamere: Are you surprised, Paimon? And happy, that we have met again after all this while?
Paimon: Well, it hasn't exactly been a "long while" since we last met... Actually, how did you get back sooner than us?
Paimon: We didn't see you at all, either!
Mamere: I came back immediately after packing, and I wound up waiting for you here.
Paimon: Well, alright then. Also, is this Merusea Village? All the houses are kinda small — pretty interesting...
Paimon: Maybe we've got a Melusine Chef, a Melusine Adventurer, or a Melusine Architect who specializes in building Melusine houses in this village! Hey, Mamere, what does your house look like?
Mamere: My house is pretty and quiet. It's a good place to paint. Come on, it's this way.

## Talk 8

Paimon: Eh? What's this small bottle for?
Traveler: Only one way to find out.
Paimon: Huh. This looks like... paint? There's only a little left, but still...
Paimon: #...{NICKNAME}? ... {NICKNAME}? Are you okay?
Traveler: I'm just a little dizzy...
Paimon: Why don't we sit down and take a break here first? You might be tired from all that swimming...
Traveler: I'm fine now.
Paimon: That's good... But don't push yourself, alright? If you feel sick later, just say so!
Mamere: #Um... {NICKNAME}, Paimon...
Paimon: Ah, Mamere. Are your painting tools ready?
Mamere: Um, uh... Again, welcome to my humble abode. Please don't mind the mess and... all comments are welcome...
Mamere: But, um... I think... I'm out of paints...
Paimon: Huh?
Mamere: I mean the stuff that should've been in that bottle... a warm and beautiful color...
Mamere: Anyway, sorry, but please wait here a moment. I'll go to gather some paints — I'll be right back...
Paimon: No need to apologize! A priceless masterpiece like the one you'll make should also need priceless paints, after all!
Traveler: Huh. A flying white fish...
Paimon: Wh—What? A white fish? Are you sure you're okay?

## Talk 9

Traveler: I do recall us helping Albedo gather Starsilver back then...
Paimon: That's true... But the ore that we picked up then didn't really get put to any use, did they?

## Talk 10

Mamere: Yes! I want to draw the most beautiful things.
Mamere: #Common paints are fine, but they won't be able to portray the warmth that {NICKNAME} emanates or Paimon's shininess.
Mamere: Give me a second. I'm gonna gather the paints I need.
Traveler: We can help.
Paimon: Yeah, that's right. Your hands are so short — it might be tough for you to hold the paint bucket by yourself...
Mamere: M—My hands aren't short! Ugh...
Mamere: Also, there's no need to worry. I've always gone out to get paints on my own, so I'm used to it...
Paimon: Wait, so you don't have friends accompanying you most of the time?
Traveler: Ahem.
Paimon: Oh! Uh... What Paimon means is... Um, sorry...
Mamere: Huh? Why are you apologizing?
Mamere: Oh, I get it, Paimon! You feel bad for me because Seymour can't move and I might be lonely while collecting paint, right? You're so nice... Thank you.
Paimon: ...
Paimon: But anyway, we should go together. It'll be more convenient that way... right?
Traveler: Yup, let's go together.
Mamere: Hmm... If you're both willing, then let's go!
Mamere: Thank you... That makes me so happy!
Paimon: Hehe. Well, Paimon really does want to see your work, y'know!

## Talk 11

Mamere: #Look, {NICKNAME}, Paimon. Those are the ores that we need. Now, what we need to do next is...
Paimon: Hehe! Say no more! We're expert miners! We'll show you how the pros do it!
Mamere: U—Um, please wait. Digging directly isn't going to work...

## Talk 12

Traveler: (Battle) Looks like there's no reasoning with you.
Irus: Hah! You're the one who's disrupting a legitimate business transaction here!
Irus: Whatever, this is getting annoying. You two, with me! Let's get this kid!
Kaykubad: What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

## Talk 13

Paimon: So that's how we're doing this, huh...
Paimon: But as long as we grind this ore into powder, we can make paints, right, Mamere?
Paimon: Eh? Where's Mamere? She was here a moment ago...
Traveler: She probably went up ahead.
Paimon: Seriously. Someone that small shouldn't go running around like that... Never mind. Let's head up ahead too!
Paimon: #Eh? {NICKNAME}? Are you okay? You're zoning out again...
Traveler: Nothing. I'm just a bit dizzy.
Paimon: Just like before...? Uh... Have you just not had enough to eat or something?
Traveler: Yeah, thanks, Paimon.
Paimon: Don't push yourself too hard, alright? ...Let's keep going, shall we?
Traveler: Thanks, but I don't think this is a question of how much I have or haven't eaten...

## Talk 14

Traveler: (Battle) I don't mind.
Irus: Straightforward, huh? Well, that saves us time as well!
Kaykubad: See, what did I tell you...

## Talk 15

Paimon: Looks like we've already gathered loads of stuff. This should do it, right?
Mamere: Wow! So much ore! I can make lots and lots of paints with these. Thank you so much!
Paimon: Hehe, no need! But they're all red ore... Will you have enough colors to use?
Mamere: Don't worry about it. Now, time for the last step!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows! You're gonna grind the ores and make them into paints! Is that right?
Mamere: Huh? Hmm. Well, if you put it like that... Counting the need to grind the paints, there should be two more steps instead...
Mamere: These ores contain a lot of impurities. If we were to make them into paint like this, the colors won't be even — they'll look dirty.
Paimon: Huh. Paimon didn't know that there were so many considerations at play... Guess that's what makes you a master of the arts!
Paimon: So, what do we do, Master Mamere?
Mamere: Hehe. At this time, we need to find purer ores, grind them down, and then mix the powders together.
Mamere: This way, the amount of impurities will decrease, and the paints we get from them will be more beautiful.
Paimon: But shouldn't we have just used the purer ores to make the paints from the beginning?
Mamere: There aren't that many high-purity ores around, silly! You might as well be saying that "If there's no Tidalga to eat, let's have Poissonchant Pie instead!"
Paimon: Whoa, that metaphor sure gives you a distinct taste of Melusine food culture... That said, there aren't any other mineral veins nearby, are there?
Mamere: Yes... We'll need to go further inside this place to find the purer ore we need.
Mamere: Do you want to take a break? I can take care of the rest. I won't be long anyway!
Paimon: We'll go with you... Wait. Look over there! Is that...
Paimon: A red... whirlpool? Wormhole? What is that?
Mamere: It's a shortcut. Haven't you seen one before? There should've been many of them along the way...
Paimon: A shortcut? It looks pretty ominous for one... Is this what they call "a shortcut that's the longest way around"?
Mamere: Well, I always take paths like these. They're safe. And warm.
Paimon: Well, uh, if you say so then! We've come this far, so we might as well go all the way in helping you find high-purity ores!

## Talk 16

Traveler: That's enough. This is Fontaine.
Paimon: E—Exactly! You know what happens to those who break the law here in Fontaine, don't you?
Irus: Don't take that tone with me! "What happens to those who break the law," my foot! Who do you think you are, anyway?
Irus: I'll say this one more time — stay out of this. This is between us and the kid!

## Talk 17

Paimon: Huh? This box contains...
Traveler: It's rude to go through other people's stuff, Paimon.
Paimon: Hey, Paimon just happened to see it, alright?
Paimon: But still... it seems like there's some machine components inside, though they're a bit...
Paimon: Might these be tools used to maintain Seymour? Guess it might be best not to mess with them, then...

## Talk 18

Paimon: Y'know, Paimon thinks we've seen this type of easel before.
Traveler: Seems to be a design from outside the village...
Paimon: Hmm. Speaking of that, how do the Melusines of Merusea Village trade with merchants from outside? Paimon doesn't think normal merchants would be any good at diving...
Paimon: Hmm... Actually, this could be a great business opportunity for us, don't you think? If we took over all foreign trade for Merusea Village, we'd be rich!
Traveler: Aye, we'd be rich!
Paimon: Right? Hehe, that was a pretty good call from Paimon, huh? Let's explore the possibility later!
Traveler: I suspect that wouldn't work...
Paimon: Huh? Why wouldn't it work?

## Talk 19

Traveler: Do you need to collect the paints yourself?

## Talk 20

Jakob: Alain's little invention... Might as well have been yesterday since I last saw it.
Irus: Huh? ... Boss?
Irus: We searched her place, but we couldn't find the paints you wanted...
Jakob: You couldn't?
Kaykaus: Y—Yes. We did find some bottles that once contained paints, though. They gave off a very pungent smell that made us feel all queasy...
Jakob: I see, so the paints have been used up. Well, that's an unfortunate coincidence.
Jakob: Well then, Ms. Irus, please take your people and clean this place up — as things stand, this would make for too shocking a sight, I think.
Jakob: As for the "paints"... I'll figure something out later.
Irus: Understood...
Irus: Um... Sorry, sir. We couldn't complete your commission. Before you could personally come to that little squirt's aid, those two strangers came and stole the moment...
Jakob: It's fine. I'm not bothered by this.
Irus: Well, it's not so much about that... But don't you think that this would count as a case of force majeure, as such? So, um, about the remuneration we discussed previously...
Jakob: ...
Jakob: Don't worry. You will be paid as per usual.
Irus: R—Really? Thank you, sir! Ah, if only all our employers were as good-hearted as you!
Jakob: Whatever the case, I shan't take up any more of your time — just clean these shambolic doodles up.
Mamere: Shambolic... doodles...?
Irus: Ah.
Traveler: Aaand what are you doing here?
Paimon: Hey, purple guy! Are you in cahoots with those thieves who wanted to steal Mamere's paintings? ... Oh, Paimon knows what you're up to, alright!
Paimon: You hired these people to steal Mamere's artwork to create an opportunity for you to rescue her, win her trust, and then achieve some unspeakable aims...
Paimon: Well, not that Paimon thinks getting paints counts as anything unspeakable, but...
Jakob: #Eavesdropping is a bad habit, {M#good sir, good lady}{F#good ladies}.
Paimon: And you're one to talk! Coming here on the sly and ransacking someone's house when they're not in — you've got some cheek to call others out!

## Talk 21

Paimon: Y'know, Paimon's got a question. Why's Seymour the only clockwork mechanism that can talk?
Traveler: It might be some experimental prototype...
Paimon: Hmm. But if that's the case, why did it get left here?
Paimon: You'd think that a new invention from the Fontaine Research Institute would...
Paimon: Waaait a minute... Did the explosive accident at the Institute back then send Seymour flying all the way here?
Traveler: Could it really have been sent flying that far...?
Paimon: You're right... Well, what's the deal with it, then?
Seymour: ...
Paimon: #{M#No response... Guess it's just as Mamere said. It only speaks to her.}{F#No reply... Somehow, it doesn't seem all that smart.}
Traveler: Wouldn't Seymour just have shattered on impact?
Traveler: That's true. What's the deal with you, Seymour?

## Talk 22

Irus: Ugh, wh—what is this...
Jakob: ...
Jakob: Outdated junk, that's all.
Jakob: Alain's "own little invention." You've been slumbering for years, haven't you?
Traveler: Still wanna go at it?
Paimon: Yeah, just stop plotting all this bad stuff! Why are you so obsessed with these paints, anyway? Are they really worth you resorting to such despicable actions...?
Jakob: Please. I've already told you why "we" are doing this.
Jakob: As for you, Ms. Mamere, if we should meet again... I look forward to your future drawings.
Mamere: ...
Paimon: You...
Jakob: #Well then, I'll take my leave, {M#good sir and ladies}{F#good ladies}. Ah yes, and you, thinking machine. Let's go, Ms. Irus. We have other things to do.
Paimon: Hey! Stop right there, Purple Guy!
Mamere: P—Please wait, you two! There's... There's something wrong with Seymour.
Seymour: *garbled mechanical noises*
Seymour: My apologies, Ma...
Mamere: S—Seymour!?
Traveler: He might be out of energy...
Mamere: Out of energy... So you mean...
Mamere: O—Oh no... This can't be...
Paimon: Um, Mamere... Are you alright?
Mamere: Oh, Seymour... Mr. Jakob... He always intended to trick me by saying all those things like "I love your paintings," "I can understand your paintings"...
Mamere: And even worse... He damaged you this badly... I won't forgive him... I won't! *sobs*
Paimon: Mamere, let's go look for an engineer in the Court of Fontaine. They should be able to fix or even improve upon him, and we can also help you find more paints along the way!
Paimon: But let's pack things up a bit first. Oh, Paimon hopes your paintings weren't damaged during the fight.
Mamere: #Thank you... {NICKNAME} — and you too, Paimon.
Mamere: It's just... What's the point of all my old work? If Seymour can't be cured... If Seymour can't appraise these works like he used to...
Mamere: Artworks that no one understands... Those aren't really artworks, are they? They're just what that person called them — "shambolic doodles."
Paimon: Don't say that! Even that Purple Guy said that there was something magical and "inscrutably disordered" about your work. Paimon loves your stuff too!
Paimon: Also, Paimon's wanted to ask about this since before. What do you mean by everyone in the village "not understanding art"?
Mamere: Exactly that. No one understands the paintings.
Paimon: Bah! They only don't get it because they don't have your artistic background, so they can't get the... uh... hidden meanings! Well, everything's about context anyway, right? That means you'll need societal knowledge and an understanding of history...
Paimon: Uhm... What Paimon wants to say is... Can we see the paintings?
Mamere: Sure.
Black Screen Text: You pick a painting up from the ground...
Paimon: Huh, this is...
Paimon: (Paimon doesn't really understand its contents either, but it looks really awesome... and this might sound unsuitable, but it looks like it might be super valuable right off the bat...)
Paimon: It's... so beautiful! For example... Uh, these details here, they've really got that... immersive feeling. D—Don't you think so too? The other Melusines probably don't understand it because...
Mamere: You don't have to force yourself to say something nice, Paimon. I can see right through you.
Mamere: Still, I know you're doing this out of the goodness of your heart, so, thank you.
Paimon: Um, sorry... Paimon couldn't tell what you'd painted, but... it really is very beautiful.
Paimon: #{NICKNAME}, let's help pack this stuff up...
Traveler: I can understand it.
Paimon: Eh? You mean the content of the painting?
Mamere: You don't need to comfort me with white lies. I'll pull myself together, don't worry.
Traveler: This painting depicts...
Traveler: ...Two bears clapping their hands together.
Mamere: Huh?
Paimon: Huh! Now that you mention it...
Mamere: Wait, you... really got it?
Mamere: And, um, what did you think of this painting?
Traveler: It's very beautiful.
Mamere: Really? You don't have to lie, you know...
Paimon: C'mon, Mamere, have more confidence! Paimon didn't get your painting, but she certainly thought it was very pretty!
Mamere: Yes. Yes! Thank you! There are so many things I want to express through my paintings. So many beautiful things I want them to see. It makes me so happy to hear you say that.
Mamere: Still, this really is the first time someone has understood my paintings. The other villagers think they're very beautiful, but that's all they can tell me...
Mamere: Then, slowly, I began to understand. Even though they don't get my paintings, they were still trying to be nice to me by saying they look "beautiful." It's really kind of them, but I don't think that's good.
Mamere: So I was really happy when Mr. Jakob... Jakob said that he understood what I was trying to convey through my paintings. I thought, "Finally! Someone can see what I want to show."
Paimon: Ugh, that Purple Guy! He's just awful!
Mamere: Right. But none of that matters now.
Mamere: Father told me of many beautiful sights. I feel that the world is a lovely place, and it makes me happy. However, I'm not a good speaker, so I want to make others happy through my paintings.
Mamere: But most Melusines only know how to encourage me by saying that my paintings are beautiful. I like them too, but I still want to have someone around who gets my paintings.
Mamere: That's why Seymour is such an important friend to me. Unlike the others, he pays attention to my paintings and critiques them. That's also why I was so happy when I met Jakob.
Mamere: After I first heard what Jakob had said, I thought to myself, "In the future, I should only show my paintings to Seymour. Others don't understand my work, so they only try not to hurt my feelings."
Mamere: #But, since you and {NICKNAME} can understand them, that means they're not entirely beyond comprehension! It means that there are people who can really see the beautiful things that I wanted to show!
Mamere: So, like Seymour, you're now my best friends, too!
Paimon: Well, uh, Paimon *is* happy about that, but it does feel weird to be compared to a robot dog...
Paimon: Regardless, let's continue cleaning up, shall we? Ugh, seriously, those bad guys really made a mess of this place, huh...
Black Screen Text: You help Mamere pick the scattered paintings up...
Traveler: It's worth savoring.
Mamere: Yes. Yes! You really do get it! There are so many things I want to express via my paintings, and I want to make the audience feel something new each time...
Paimon: So Paimon was right, then! They are priceless masterpieces!
Traveler: ...A drowned throne.
Traveler: ...A burning snowfield.
Traveler: So that's how it was. I see.
Traveler: (Did he take damage during the battle?)

## Talk 23

Paimon: Whoa... Paimon feels nauseous. This shortcut really was something. Was that... part of Melusine culture too?
Paimon: On closer inspection, it seems like we did pass this place by when we came down. To think that there was such a large stone over there...
Mamere: That's right, and this place feels warm and safe, doesn't it? Father told me about it, and it contains high-purity ores. I'll take care of the ones here, so just wait for me.
Paimon: Uh, these don't look all that different from the ordinary sort...
Mamere: Huh? But their colors are totally different...
Paimon: R—Really? Aren't they all red anyway?
Mamere: Well, yes, but there are pretty obvious differences between different shades of red, right?
Traveler: Huh. I couldn't tell...
Mamere: I—It's fine. The differences are actually really small. It's normal that you're not able to tell the difference...
Paimon: Wait, didn't you say they were obvious?
Paimon: Still, you probably know a lot more about painting than we do, Mamere, and about ores and paints, too.
Paimon: Either way, Paimon didn't know that painting was such tough work! Mining, gathering different ores to make paints... Paimon used to think that it was just about putting paint on canvas...
Paimon: #Eh? Are you feeling all right, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: I hear something.
Paimon: Huh? What did you hear? Are you okay?
Traveler: Don't you worry about me.
Paimon: And that's exactly how you get Paimon worried...
Paimon: Could this have something to do with the red ores? Some ores do contain toxins that can affect people's minds...
Paimon: But Mamere's been working with these ores all this time, so they should be fine. By the way, what are they, exactly? Paimon wonders if they'd fetch a good price...
Paimon: Maybe if we collect some extra and sell it to merchants outside, we might be able to...
Traveler: Ores that are even higher in purity...
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon gets it! You mean to say that "the high-purity ores needed for Mamere's paintings as paints are the truly invaluable treasures instead," right? In that case, let's help gather those ores! Hehe, Paimon's looking forward to this!
Traveler: (What was that sound...?)
Paimon: #Hey, {NICKNAME}!
Traveler: Huh, it's got such a rich texture — that's certainly different!
Mamere: Hmm? You're really sensitive to colors... Would you like to paint someday? We can paint together. We'll put your paintings and mine together around the house!
Paimon: ...You couldn't tell the difference at all, could you?

## Talk 24

Mamere: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon, sorry for the wait!
Mamere: Eh? That's...
Paimon: Hehe, we weren't just watching, y'know! We've also collected loads of "pure ore." Awesome, right?
Mamere: Alright! Thank you!
Paimon: Nice! Beautiful paints, here we come! Let's head back, shall we?
Traveler: You seem rather pleased, Mamere.
Mamere: Eh? Is it that obvious...?
Paimon: Your tail's practically wagging...
Mamere: No it isn't!
Mamere: But you're right, I am very happy.
Traveler: We can make lots of paint now.
Mamere: Well, yes, that is part of it.
Paimon: Oh? What about the other reasons, then?
Mamere: Well, let's just head back first!
Paimon: Hey! Paimon's talking to you, y'know!
Traveler: Let's go, Paimon.
Paimon: #Ugh... Whatever. We'll need to get back to get that painting anyway, so let's just do that, {NICKNAME}!

## Talk 25

Traveler: Hmm. It seems that I must now reveal my true identity...
Irus: Identity? What identity?
Traveler: I'm an enforcer of the law.
Paimon: ...?
Paimon: Oh, yeah, that's right! You've got a good eye, huh?
Kaykaus: W—Wait, Sis, what do we do...
Irus: #Wh—What are you worried about? If {M#he's}{F#she's} a law enforcer, I'm the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya! You're just gonna believe everything people say, are you?
Irus: And just look at them! Do they look like folks from the, uh, Mai... Mais...
Kaykubad: ...The Maison Gardiennage.
Irus: That's right, that's the one. Seriously, what's with the ridiculous name? They're just law enforcement, so they might as well call themselves that!
Irus: Anyway, you think we've never seen people from the Maison before? You aren't even in uniform — daring impostors, aren't you?

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Mamere: Well. Um, this place is my house. Ahem! And, uh... Welcome to my humble abode. Please don't mind the mess and... all comments are welcome, and...
Paimon: No need to be so formal! So, this place is a quiet spot suited for painting because it's a good distance from the village, huh...
Mamere: I'm back, Seymour.
Seymour: *garbled mechanical noises* Welcome back, milady. You are as gentle, lovely, and radiant as ever.
Paimon: Whoa! Did that robot dog just talk!?
Mamere: #Yes! Paimon, {NICKNAME}, this is Seymour — he's family!
Mamere: #Seymour, these two are {NICKNAME} and Paimon. They're nice people who stopped others from giving me Mora.
Paimon: Don't phrase it like that! You make it sound like we did something bad...
Paimon: Actually, never mind that. Why can Seymour speak?
Mamere: What do you mean? Of course he can — there'd be something wrong with him if that wasn't the case!
Traveler: Uh huh. What she said, Paimon.
Mamere: Yup. What I said, Paimon.
Paimon: #No, no! Stop simply agreeing with people, {NICKNAME}! No robot dog can talk, no matter where they're from!
Mamere: Hmm... Since you're from abroad, I guess you know what you're talking about. That said, Seymour can talk, and he's also my best friend. He even critiques my paintings.
Seymour: I see. Your judgment is very sharp, milady.
Paimon: (It just talked again! Paimon's sure that Mamere isn't doing ventriloquism or anything... But does their exchange really make sense? It feels... mismatched.)
Traveler: Did someone give it to you as a gift?
Mamere: That's not it. We met when I was looking for paints nearby once — that's when I discovered poor Seymour lying in a pile of junk, all alone.
Mamere: So I talked to him, and we became friends. Later, I brought him back with me so he'd have a home.
Paimon: Still, does this thing have any other functions other than talking?
Traveler: Seymour, paw.
Seymour: #{M#...}{F#I am sorry, milady, but I fear I cannot.}
Paimon: #{M#Huh. He seems to only respond to you, Mamere...}{F#...?}
Traveler: #{M#Pretty rude, huh, this Seymour?}{F#What's going on?}
Seymour: #{M#...}{F#Apologies. I believe that you know as well as I do, milady.}
Paimon: #{M#Well, he's probably just shy! No need to take it personally!}{F#Hmm... He did say some stuff, but he hasn't moved one bit...}
Mamere: #{M#Sorry about that. For some reason, Seymour only talks to me.}{F#Ooh, Seymour actually spoke to you! He usually doesn't talk to anyone but me. He must know that you're a nice person!}
Mamere: #{M#He falls silent when faced with other people, just like this...}{F#However, he can't move or run around like normal, furry dogs.}
Paimon: True — y'know, he might be one of those clockwork meka! Do you just talk to him all the time, Mamere?
Mamere: Yes... No one in the village really understands art, so there's never much to talk about. I mean, they care about me — but holding a conversation can be tough.
Mamere: They definitely don't show as much interest in my paintings as you do, Paimon! Other than Mr. Jakob, only Seymour ever talks to me about art.
Paimon: Well, Paimon does wanna see how cool and pretty she'd look in your work. Also, is this "Mr. Jakob" a friend of yours too?
Mamere: Yup, that's the art collector from before who wanted to exchange my paintings for Mora. He was cool and gentle, and he told me all kinds of things about art. He even said that he could understand those paintings...
Paimon: (And despite all that, she didn't sell a single one to him in the end, huh...)
Paimon: (Hmm... The harder something is to come by, the more incredible it tends to be. Wait. Might Mamere's paintings be priceless treasures!?)
Mamere: Let's put that aside for now, though. It's time to paint!
Paimon: Oooh! Is this the moment Paimon's been waiting for? Is a priceless masterpiece about to be created?
Mamere: I don't think I can do that, exactly... But I will do my best to make a worthy gift for you two all the same!
Mamere: I'll prepare my tools. Please wait for me, alright?
Paimon: Okay! Let's go look around nearby, shall we?
Traveler: Seymour, turn.
Traveler: Did you fish this out of the water?
Paimon: Can you really find a "best friend" just like that?
Traveler: Talking robot dogs aren't generally the norm...
Mamere: Is that so? But Seymour can.

### Additional Talk 2

Mamere: Thank you. Sorry, I made you clean up after me again. Y'know, just like when we met for the first time?
Paimon: It's fine. We're friends, after all!
Mamere: Yup!
Paimon: Looks like you're in a good mood again. That's great!
Mamere: Yeah. I feel so happy when I'm with you guys, just like how I feel when I'm on a roll with my paintings.
Paimon: Still, looking at how you're packing things up, Paimon can't help but think that you Melusines really have short hands...
Mamere: Hmph! Your hands are even shorter, Paimon!
Paimon: No way! Short-Hands Mamere!
Mamere: Yes they are! Baby-Hands Paimon!
Paimon: Alright, alright! Paimon takes it back. But, really, don't those hands make painting inconvenient? Your canvas does sit on a high stand...
Mamere: It's alright, since my hands aren't short at all! But... speaking of painting, I really am sorry that I won't be able to paint for you at the moment.
Mamere: I just... can't leave Seymour like this. I must fix him first — he is my best friend, after all.
Mamere: Sorry, Paimon. But I'll paint for you once Seymour's all fixed up.
Paimon: Right! Let's go to the Court of Fontaine together and seek out a reliable engineer to help us!
Mamere: An engineer...? No, that's not it... I want to fix Seymour myself.
Paimon: Huh? Wait. You know how to fix clockwork meka, too?
Mamere: Strange that you would even ask, Paimon. Of course not.
Paimon: Huh?
Traveler: Hmm?
Mamere: Eh?
Paimon: But, how are you gonna fix him, then?
Mamere: Father said that he's seen a lot of machines, both intact and dismantled, so he can teach me how to fix Seymour.
Traveler: Father?
Paimon: Hmm... You've mentioned this "Father" a few times previously. What's he like? A master Melusine engineer with a long mustache? A Melusine with a wrench?
Mamere: ...
Paimon: Huh? U—Uh, did Paimon say something bad? Why'd you stop talking...
Mamere: Yes. Yes. I see...
Traveler: (Here we go again...)
Paimon: W—Wait a moment. Who are you talking to?
Mamere: Are... the ones I have at home not enough? Then...
Paimon: Hey! Mamere—! Hello?
Mamere: Hmm... Yes. I'll try. Thanks!
Mamere: #So... {NICKNAME}, Paimon...
Paimon: Whoa! Wait, you're talking to us again!
Mamere: Father has told me how to cure Seymour. We just need to collect enough components, and...
Mamere: Come on, don't worry! I'll paint for you once Seymour is all fixed up.
Paimon: No! We're not worried about the painting! Ugh... Who were you talking to just now?
Mamere: Father, of course.
Traveler: And who's that?
Mamere: Um... Uh, Father is Father? Wait... Can the two of you not hear Father's voice?
Paimon: The voice, you say... Oh, yeah, of course we did!
Paimon: (Uh... Has Seymour's breakdown hit her too hard or something? Anyway, let's just go along with this for now! We can comfort her later...)

### Additional Talk 3

Paimon: Ahem. We heard it, too! But we don't know anything about clockwork meka, so... What should we do, exactly?
Mamere: Right, so, we'll need some "components."
Paimon: Sure, but what kind?
Mamere: ...This is what I'm talking about. Pretty, isn't it?
Paimon: This is... a scrap mechanical part?
Mamere: Are they really scrap, though? They're so shiny and pretty, and they're everywhere here. Everyone in the village really likes them, and so they all have some...
Mamere: When we help each other out, we give the other components as tokens of gratitude. And Xana likes them more than most, so she often exchanges a lot of nice things for them. Oh, but she doesn't seem to be in the village...
Traveler: So they're currency specific to Merusea Village?
Mamere: Currency? Oh. I get it. Like Mora! Well, I guess you can say that. Hmm... Even if Jakob were to give me a lot of components in exchange for my paintings, I wouldn't accept... unless it would help me fix Seymour...
Paimon: Alright, sure. We just need to collect components, right? We'll help!
Mamere: No way! They're like Mora, you know. Getting parts for me would be like me asking you to, um... earn Mora for me? That sounds like something a villain would do!
Traveler: It's fine. I'm used to it.
Mamere: ...O—Okay. Thank you. You're nice people.
Mamere: I'll also go hunt them down myself. I really can't ask you to find them for me while I just sit around doing nothing!
Traveler: But we can fix Seymour up faster this way.

### Additional Talk 4

Traveler: Who are you?

### Additional Talk 5

Traveler: I believe we've met before, yes?
Jakob: #Commendable memory you have, {M#sir}{F#ma'am}. Yes, we did have the honor of meeting near a cliff before you made a mess of my plans.
Jakob: It's just that, at the time, I didn't think that you would make the same choice as me and help Ms. Mamere.
Paimon: Don't lump what we did in with your little one-man-show!

### Additional Talk 6

Jakob: Me? You can call me Jakob. I am a... traveling collector of art.
Jakob: Good to see you again as well, Ms. Mamere.
Mamere: Mr. Jakob...
Mamere: So... Were all the things you told me lies?
Mamere: That "you've never seen paintings like these before," that "you'd like to collect them"... That you could... understand them...
Mamere: You did all that... for things that have nothing to do with the paintings themselves, right?
Jakob: You misunderstand, Ms. Mamere.
Jakob: I have never intended to deceive you. Even now, I have nothing but admiration for your work.
Mamere: But you called them... "shambolic doodles"...
Jakob: And I apologize for my imprecise use of words. I was truly mesmerized by their unpredictable, chaotic nature, and I can appreciate the beauty in them, so incomprehensible to the rest of the world.
Mamere: Eh? R—Really?
Jakob: Of course I mean it. Your skills are most "enchanting," and your use of colors and persistence in making your own paints truly make me...
Paimon: Hey! Don't be taken in by him so easily!
Mamere: Uh... Wait, so this is a trick too...?
Traveler: What do you want the paints for?
Jakob: #...What an interesting question. A fine question indeed, {M#Sir}{F#Miss}.
Jakob: Let me ask you this instead: what else do you think these paints can be used for?
Paimon: Hmph. Paimon doesn't know what you wanna do with them, but you can't be up to anything good!
Paimon: You tried to buy her paintings for a high price, and you also hired people to trouble her and ransack her house... You didn't have to go this far for your own drawings, did you?
Jakob: Yes, why indeed? Consider that a question for further exploration after this discussion. For now, let me venture a guess: You have just collected the raw materials for the paints, am I correct?
Jakob: #In that case, {M#sir}{F#ma'am}, allow me to ask you a question — could you give those materials to me?
Jakob: I have no quarrel with you. As such, we need not be enemies.
Jakob: In return, I can give you any amount of Mora — as long as it is within reason, of course.
Traveler: Why are you asking me?
Paimon: Exactly! These paints aren't ours! You should be asking Mamere, shouldn't you?
Jakob: Are you really hoping for an answer? Or are you simply probing about my attitude?
Jakob: Regardless, I will answer honestly — you and I both know that Ms. Mamere will{RUBY#[S]cannot} not stop me from obtaining her paints, but that the same cannot be said for you.
Mamere: I... I never said anything like that! I'm not listening to you, you liar!
Jakob: Hush now. Say no more, Ms. Mamere.
Jakob: #You will give me the correct answer, won't you, {M#sir}{F#ma'am}?
Paimon: Of course we will — and that's a big fat "no"! Mamere put in so much effort to create something so beautiful, and yet you're treating her like... like this!
Jakob: This is the answer the three of you have agreed on? Well then. Understood.
Jakob: First, allow me to thank you for helping me collect these paints.
Jakob: And well, though it disappoints me to say this, that will be all.
Paimon: "That will be all"? First you ransack someone's house, and then you say all that stuff — and now you wanna run off?
Jakob: You misunderstand. I said "that will be all," not "goodbye."
Jakob: Ms. Irus, I'd like to change the original terms of our commission.
Irus: ...Eh?
Jakob: Get rid of these people. As for your pay... Will seven times the original amount do?
Paimon: #Heh! You don't think you can take {NICKNAME} out with just these few people, do you?
Kaykaus: Y—Y'know, boss, she's right. We won't be able to take that person out by ourselves...
Jakob: You're mercenaries, aren't you? You should know more about combat than I do.
Jakob: Since you have the numbers, why are you fixated on your strongest foe? Is there not someone there who cannot fight?
Mamere: ...Eh?
Kaykubad: You mean you want us to...
Paimon: What do you think you're doing?
Jakob: Taking sensible, necessary action toward achieving a future far beyond our imaginations.
Irus: Tsk, seven-fold pay... There's no arguing, then. Sorry, buddy!
Mamere: Eek!?
Seymour: Please do not mind my appearance, milady. My prime directive is to... *garbled mechanical noises* protect you.
Jakob: What...
Mamere: Sey... mour?
Seymour: Affirmative. I am here, milady. You are as gentle, lovely, and radiant as ever.
Seymour: Please step back.

### Additional Talk 7

Traveler: Hmph. I'll have you know that this *is* the uniform of the Maison Lumitoile!
Irus: Maison... Lumitoile...?
Paimon: (Hang on a second, what in the world is that!? Who even calls themselves that?)
Paimon: Pfft. To think that outlanders these days no longer recognize the uniform of the Maison Lumitoile...
Irus: Wh—What? But what kind of ridiculous name is that? Is this some out-of-season joke?
Kaykubad: Irus, I'd be careful... If nothing else, this person's confidence is not faked.
Kaykubad: Besides, think about it — do you really think someone who was trying to trick us would use such an obviously nonsensical name?
Irus: You say that, but even so, I doubt anyone would name their department that...
Paimon: Exactly! Why would anyone— Uh, how dare you call our name nonsensical? Paimon's not gonna take this lying down!
Paimon: #Officer {NICKNAME}, inform these ignorant outlanders of our organization's glorious history!
Traveler: There was once a hero who defended Fontaine from the darkness...
Paimon: (Who chose to protect everyone regardless of the means used... Hang on a minute, does Paimon know this person too?)
Paimon: A—Anyway, that mighty, invincible hero was like a Lumitoile illuminating the night, showing others the way forward!
Paimon: And that is why we call ourselves the Maison Lumitoile in his honor!
Paimon: So, hmph! How dare you call our name weird!?
Kaykaus: Uh, um, sorry...
Irus: Hey! What are you apologizing for?
Kaykaus: #Well, boss, if you look a little closer, {M#his cape and her clothes}{F#their clothes} not only match, but are actually very unique...
Irus: ...
Irus: Aren't... they just the same color? Do you think some clothes and some words are enough for people to pose as officials?
Paimon: Hmph. Of course not!
Traveler: In those days, terrible monsters plagued Fontaine's seas...
Paimon: (Wait, like the chi?)
Paimon: A—Anyway, our founder did battle against those monsters and, like a Lumitoile, lit the seas up once more!
Paimon: And that is why we call ourselves the Maison Lumitoile in his honor!

### Additional Talk 8

Traveler: Take this new-model Gardemek, for instance.
Paimon: (Hey! What in the world's a Gardemek, huh?)
Traveler: This is the product of our latest research.
Paimon: (Wait a minute! This story is getting crazier by the second!)
Kaykubad: I see. I get it now...
Irus: Wh—What do you mean you "get it"?
Kaykubad: I've heard it said in the taverns that someone saw meka that are more like humans... This could be the equipment this Maison Lumitoile member is using.
Paimon: (Eh? S—So there were such rumors?)
Paimon: *cough* That is correct. Paimon's prime directives are to serve the public, protect the citizenry, and uphold the law...
Paimon: According to... the Pumpkin Protocol, those who take advantage of others must not be let off lightly...
Traveler: P-Type Gardemek. Load and charge your kinetic cannon.
Paimon: Beep... beep.. boop... Charging complete. Target locked. Um... Jellenergy Cannon activating...
Irus: W—Wait! What in the world is that? What are you doing?
Traveler: Leave now, and I will revoke my order.
Irus: Okay, okay, we got it, we got it! We'll just leave, alright? No need to do anything crazy!
Irus: Bah! Just our luck — this wasn't in the task briefing, that's for sure!
Black Screen Text: The Eremites leave in a hurry...
Traveler: Pay the fine first.
Paimon: That's right! Uh, no... Whirr... Whirr... Reloading language modules...
Paimon: A—Anyway, if you pay the fine and leave this place, we won't look any further into this case!
Irus: ...
Traveler: Or else...
Paimon: Recharging... Recharging... Activating Lethal Mode...
Irus: Okay! Okay! We just need to pay up, right?
Irus: U—Uh, We didn't bring any Mora with us, though. We'll need to go back to our camp and get some first...
Irus: Hey, you two, did you hear that? We're heading back to camp to get that Mora!
Kaykaus: W—Wait, are you seriously...
Irus: Don't ask questions, you idiot! Let's just go first!
Irus: Heh, these people from Fontaine sure are gullible! Guess we won't have to pay the fine...
Black Screen Text: The Eremites leave in a hurry...
Traveler: This is a prototype that only we are equipped with.

### Additional Talk 9

Traveler: Don't you know the face of Fontaine's General Mahamatra?
Kaykaus: Ack! The General Mahamatra!? It's game over for us! Game over!
Irus: Calm down, you bone-headed numbskull! Why would the General Mahamatra be here, huh?
Paimon: Um, uh, this is a new post based on Sumeru's system...
Paimon: (N—No, that's not gonna fly, is it? Why did you have to mention the Mahamatra!?)
Irus: Enough! Enough nonsense! If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!
Kaykubad: What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 10

Traveler: We're plainclothes officers...
Irus: Plainclothes, you say? What do we look like to you, gullible kids?
Kaykubad: Well, I'd call this less "not being gullible" and more "knowing what to look out for from experience" — weren't you the one who fell afoul of not one, or two, but several plainclothes police, to the point where you nearly got sent to court?
Irus: Sh—Shut up, you—!
Irus: A—Anyway, if you really were plainclothes police, you'd know better than us that you need evidence before you can enforce the law, right?
Paimon: Well, um...
Irus: Alright, that's it, cut the crap!
Irus: If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!
Kaykubad: What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 11

Traveler: We're enforcers of the Corps of Thirty.
Kaykaus: Eek! It's the Corps of Thirty!? Why are they here?
Irus: Hey, you idiot, calm yourself! Why *would* they be here, huh?
Paimon: We're the, uh, the Fontaine branch of the Corps!
Irus: Seriously? Who do you think the Corps of Thirty are, anyway? Mints that grow in both Sumeru and Fontaine?
Paimon: Uh, they could always be Sweet Flowers instead...
Traveler: Or Specters...
Paimon: Or the Adventurers' Guild, or Katheryne...
Irus: Enough! Enough nonsense! If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!
Kaykubad: What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 12

Mamere: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon, could you wait for me in the village? I'll need to pack my painting tools before heading down there...

### Additional Talk 13

Mamere: ...
Kaykaus: Hey, Sis, she isn't talking...
Irus: Hmph! Whatever. Not that there's anything more to talk about, anyway. Let's just take the stuff and go!
Mamere: ...
Kaykaus: C—C'mon, little one, no need to make that face.
Irus: *sigh* Why did we take this job again? Whatever...
Irus: Hey, Kaykubad! What are you doing just watching over there? Just toss her the boss's Mora — then let's take the paintings and go!
Kaykubad: Eh, do we have to, though? He doesn't know what we're doing this far out. Why don't we just take the Mora and...
Kaykubad: How do they put it again? Favors are more important to deals than Mora...
Paimon: Hey, what are you guys doing?
Irus: Wha... Where did you pop out from?
Traveler: Looks like you're bothering this young lady.
Kaykaus: Her? Bothered? We're just here to buy some artwork, you know...
Paimon: Buying? How much were you gonna pay for one?
Kaykaus: Uh... 500,000 Mora? 550,000? 600,000?
Paimon: Wait, you don't have any hard figures at all!
Irus: Well, that's not our fault — this Melusine won't talk!
Paimon: Well, if she doesn't wanna talk to you, then she doesn't wanna sell! You're just here to take her stuff, aren't you?
Irus: Take!? This is a fair exchange, a fair and square exchange! We're not gonna short-change her... And what's this to you, anyway?
Paimon: Nonsense! Paimon heard that guy over there talking about taking the Mora—
Irus: Tch! Told you to watch your mouth, you...!
Kaykubad: Does it really matter? Haven't we always solved things this way up till now?
Irus: Can't you ever shut up? We don't have the time to involve unrelated people! Besides—
Paimon: What are you looking at?
Irus: Nothing! Buzz off, you're butting into legitimate business here!
Irus: If not, I'm afraid we might have to resort to less... savory methods to settle this.