# Academic Exchange

Timaeus: You're back! How are the Smoldersleet Potions performing?
Traveler: I just wish we could use it outside Domains.
Paimon: Yup! That would take the cake!
Timaeus: Oh? Seems like you liked it. Go on then, give us the details!
Black Screen Text: You explain what happened during the test run in detail.
Timaeus: It's just as you predicted, Ms. Ying'er!
Timaeus: Our path for improvement is clear — we must somehow contain the sublimated substances within a set area.
Timaeus: Perhaps we could reverse the special characteristics of dandelions to create special excipients that can prevent the substances from being affected by the flow of air.
Timaeus: There is no precedent to such a method though, and we will need a great number of trials to prove its feasibility.
Paimon: Wow, Paimon couldn't make sense of that at all.
Paimon: Still, it feels like you made some important suggestions each time, Ms. Ying'er.
Ying'er: Ah, I don't think I ever came up with such a detailed postulation.
Ying'er: Well, my hardworking alchemist, are you trying to fathom my depths, or are you just trying to please me through flattery?
Timaeus: I—I'm just expressing my admiration for your knowledge!
Ying'er: Alright, alright. You'd best give it your all, now. Who knows? You might have to use some alternative sources of knowledge in the future, too.
Ying'er: Don't forget to keep me posted once your research succeeds.
Timaeus: Of course! When that time comes, I'll send you my best potions as a memento!
Timaeus: You know, Ms. Ying'er, if you have the time, would you like to come with us to Wanmin Restaurant...?
Ying'er: Oh, I'm afraid our academic exchange must come to an end for now. There are still many matters I must attend to at Scent of Spring.
Ying'er: Don't forget to drop by often~
Traveler: We will!
Paimon: Thanks, Ms. Ying'er!
Black Screen Text: Ying'er leaves.
Timaeus: *sigh* I couldn't say it in the end, huh?
Timaeus: But considering that I'd already given her so much trouble, it was probably for the best that I didn't take up any more of her time.
Timaeus: Alright then. We'll calm down a bit, and wait for a suitable opportunity...
Paimon: What are you talking to yourself about, Timaeus?
Timaeus: Uh, N—Nothing!
Timaeus: Thanks for your help so far! As we agreed, I'll treat you both to a great meal at Wanmin Restaurant.
Traveler: I'd almost forgotten...
Paimon: Ooh, that's right! Alright, alright, alright! Time for a great big meal!
Black Screen Text: You go to Wanmin Restaurant with Timaeus and have a hearty meal.
Paimon: Whew! Paimon's super full!
Paimon: Actually, this research was pretty cool! You should bring us along next time you come to Liyue, Timaeus!
Traveler: You know, Paimon, somehow I doubt that you're in it for the research.
Paimon: C'mon! Paimon did help... ask for directions!
Timaeus: Haha! Whatever the case, thank you both so much!
Timaeus: But once I return to Mondstadt, I'll be throwing myself into improving the Smoldersleet Potion, so I'm afraid I won't be coming back to Liyue for some time.
Timaeus: Maybe I'll have to ask you to help me deliver a letter. I mean, I still haven't properly thanked Ms. Ying'er for her help.
Paimon: Eh? Weren't you two discussing stuff the whole time? Why didn't you just tell her?
Timaeus: *cough* Well, uh, Ms. Ying'er's manner of speech is just too... too special! I must consider my words very carefully, and in such cases, penning a letter is naturally superior to speaking face-to-face...
Timaeus: Well now, time presses. Let's head back to Mondstadt right now. Why, I can't wait to create the perfected version of my Smoldersleet Potion!
Paimon: Traveler, do you get the feeling that Timaeus has been acting all weird ever since we said bye to Ms. Ying'er?
Paimon: Paimon doesn't get it...
Traveler: You're just here for the free meal, aren't you?
Traveler: I think there's room for improvement.
Paimon: That's true... For example, it would be better if we could use it outside Domains!
Timaeus: True. I was just discussing the issue with Ms. Ying'er. Please, give us all the details.