# Missing title (1548182127)

Liben: Hey there, friend! It's been a while!
Traveler: It sure has, Liben!
Liben: Hehe, enthusiastic as ever, I see... I wonder, how changed a man am I?
Traveler: You're the same as ever.
Liben: That's good. I mean, I almost didn't make it back this time.
Traveler: Did you try your luck in Natlan?
Liben: Nope! I heard that things there were tense, so I deliberately avoided it and went to Nod-Krai instead.
Liben: Have you been there?
Traveler: Nope.
Liben: No? Well, I guess I can tell you about it then.
Liben: Nod-Krai is in the southernmost part of Snezhnaya, where people from all over Teyvat gather. Those not in the know would think that opportunities to get rich are everywhere there.
Liben: It's only after you get there that you realize that it's a wild place that plays by its own rules.
Traveler: Its own rules?
Liben: Let me put it this way: Before I even set foot in the city, I was robbed by a group of vagrants — taking advantage of my ignorance about the place.
Liben: Courts of law, Knights of Favonius... There's none of that there. Someone just told me to visit the Voynich Guild.
Liben: Said the Guild was the strongest force in the area and that they might be able to get me justice.
Liben: I was only half-convinced at first, so imagine my surprise when the Guild folks not only hauled all my goods back — they even bought everything off me, too. Totally amazing, right?
Liben: I was so happy to see that much Mora, I counted it all up several times!
Liben: "I've done it! Woohoo!"
Liben: Ugh... I don't even wanna talk about it. When I left the city again, I ran into another band of vagrants, who robbed me of every Mora — not a single coin was spared.
Traveler: They must've already had their eye on you back in the city...
Liben: *sigh* That's me, Liben, for you! Only the grandest peaks and deepest troughs of life! Anyway, I'm not going back there — not for a while at least.
Liben: So yeah, stay on your toes if you're going to Nod-Krai, and don't let just anyone know that you're holding onto a big bag of Mora.
Traveler: I'll keep that in mind.
Liben: So, I trust that our deal's still on, then?
Traveler: You keep your guard up too, Liben.
Liben: ...And why did I almost not make it back, you ask?
Traveler: What kind of place is that?
Traveler: Why, you're getting friendlier!