# Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract

Hosseini: You're here.
Paimon: Yup, we're here to help!
Hosseini: I was just checking the Pursina's Spike. I must say that Liyue's miners are made of stern stuff. Just two of them were enough to transport the Spike here.
Hosseini: But since the Spike has some very fine moving parts, I need to check if it has been affected while in transit. In theory, though, everything should be fine.
Paimon: #That's what you said the last time, too, and you nearly got Paimon and {NICKNAME} into deep trouble!
Hosseini: *cough* Well, I did also say that there is a difference between theory and reality. However, I made sure to check everything before you came.
Hosseini: Everything has been prepared, and once initialized and in operation, the Spike will not need any initial elemental energy input to maintain its charging state.
Traveler: Wait, it doesn't need any initial energy?
Hosseini: Yes. Before, I had to adapt it to Inazuma's environment, and so I modified it such that it could only charge and operate through the use of Electro.
Hosseini: However, that is not the original operating mode of the Pursina's Spike.
Hosseini: Originally, it was intended to function in this sort of environment. In fact, this dark mud is its power source.
Traveler: The mud provides power to the Spike?
Hosseini: That's right, and that's why the Spike is perfectly suited to solving this issue.
Hosseini: If you consider it, this dark mud issue we're having in The Chasm has both "symptom" and "source," both of which must be resolved.
Hosseini: Of these, the "source" is...
Traveler: The Ley Lines?
Hosseini: Exactly. As such, we must nip the problem in the bud by sealing the openings in the Ley Lines through which the dark mud is spewing out.
Hosseini: Of course, the sealing of the Ley Lines will not completely solve the problem of the dark mud that has already come out.
Hosseini: However, the Pursina's Spike has the ability to absorb the energy within the dark mud and decrease its power as a contaminant. This is what we call "fixing the symptoms."
Hosseini: This way, the dark mud that has already reached the surface will serve as a power source of the Pursina's Spike, and as the Spike continues operation, it will close the Ley Lines from which the mud is spewing forth.
Hosseini: As for those monsters who have been affected by mud due to long-term exposure, they will lose the enhancements they get from it and be weakened...
Paimon: Ooh! That's three birds with one stone!
Paimon: You know what? This Pursey Spikesy is better than Paimon thought!
Traveler: It's called Pursina's Spike...
Hosseini: Pursina's brilliance truly is such that one might almost believe that the Spike was specifically made to solve problems such as these.
Hosseini: If that guess of mine is true, then this whole process of solving the dark mud problem could serve as valuable experimental data in the future.
Hosseini: Who knows, this research might even allow me to discover some hitherto unknown principles behind how Pursina could affect the Ley Lines using certain devices!
Hosseini: This subject has great value, honestly... *sigh* If I could win the Akademiya's Pir Kavikavus Prize with this, that would be wonderful.
Traveler: Pir Kavikavus Prize?
Hosseini: This is a prize that the Akademiya gives out specially to young researchers.
Hosseini: Every year, the sages will go over the research reports sent in and cast votes to select the winner.
Hosseini: The criteria for winning are that the subject must be groundbreaking, creative, and that the person sending the report must have great potential, and be under 40 years of age.
Hosseini: All those who have won the Pir Kavikavus Prize while under the age of 40 would go on to win great renown in the Akademiya.
Paimon: That sounds awesome!
Hosseini: Well, let's start the Spike up right now. Let's hope it solves our problem.
Hosseini: #That said, please take note, {NICKNAME}, that while the Pursina's Spike is a very impressive piece of equipment, it is also quite intricate and fragile.
Hosseini: If it is hit while operating or if it is submerged by dark mud, which can cause fouling, the Spike will turn off automatically to prevent any further damage.
Hosseini: As such, please beware of the mud and of monsters while you operate the device.
Traveler: What's that?
Traveler: The spreading mud?
Hosseini: No, that is just how the problem presents itself. The source is in fact the openings in the Ley Lines through which the mud is spewing out.
Hosseini: As such, we must use Pursina's Spike to seal the Ley Lines shut. That will solve our root problem.
Traveler: It will just keep charging?