# Experiment Phase: Uncontrolled Parameters

Jami: There's no way I'm gonna finish this... Guess I have no choice but to reduce the scale of my experiment. Let me think... How should I explain this to my mentor?
Jami: "Ohh, my experiment is way too hard to conduct! It's impossible to find the right materials, and I still failed after trying everything I could to build an ideal experiment environment!"
Jami: Ugh, what a lame excuse... I'm sure my mentor won't have any of that...
Paimon: Maybe you should just tell him up front that you can't complete this project, then come up with a new proposal!
Jami: Wh—Whoa... Don't just join the conversation when someone's talking to themselves!
Jami: Oh hey, it's you! Do you still remember me? I'm Jami, an Amurta researcher.
Traveler: Oh, you're the one who had a hard time with your thesis proposal...
Jami: Yep, that's me. The Amurta researcher who was tormented by his thesis proposal and was this close to seeing the Dendro Archon.
Jami: *sigh* Anyway, thank you for that suggestion, but as things currently stand, I'm pretty much past the point of no return... If I discontinue this project, my mentor would no doubt skin me alive...
Jami: And that won't be all. He'll leave me to dry and turn me into a specimen, then place me inside the Amurta labs. My label would say "Jami, who failed to live up to his mentor's expectations."
Paimon: Sounds like the start of another urban legend at the Akademiya... Would mentors really do that?
Traveler: That's way too exaggerated.
Jami: Heh, I guess becoming a specimen wouldn't be too bad... I can at least serve as a warning to my juniors...
Paimon: Whoa, he's become so depressed...
Paimon: But why can't you just stop? You shouldn't force yourself to do something you can't do.
Jami: It's complicated... and it's not really impossible to do either. I conducted a similar experiment in the past and even obtained some workable data...
Paimon: Oh, that's great! Just continue working on your experiment then!
Jami: *sigh* But everything went downhill from there. My previous experiment was such a huge success that my Darshan began having high hopes for my project. Even my mentor gave me a few compliments.
Jami: "You can do it Jami, I believe in you!" ...Who would've thought that cranky old man would say something like that?
Traveler: Isn't that a good thing?
Jami: Yeah, I felt truly honored by their kindness and made an impulsive decision to turn my research project into an unprecedented success.
Jami: Our Darshan had just received some new funds at that time.
Jami: So I came here and built the best possible experimental site. I used the most advanced building materials and bought top-tier observation equipment at great expense.
Jami: As I worked on constructing the site, I couldn't help but set the highest standards for everything.
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon gets it! It's like walking into a restaurant and saying "Just bring up all your best dishes!" when ordering.
Jami: Exactly! I was thoroughly won over by that feeling. Before I knew it, the costs began growing exponentially as the scale of my experiment increased.
Jami: The experiment has developed to a point where it's impossible for me to complete, and the sheer cost of maintaining the site makes it difficult to hire additional assistance...
Jami: But if I scale down my experiment, the matra would accuse me of not using the funds completely and pocketing the extra Mora for myself...
Jami: Haha, maybe I should just turn myself in before the matra start suspecting... Oh, and before that, I have to enjoy one last meal at Lambad's Tavern.
Traveler: "Just bring up all your best dishes!"
Paimon: Ooh, can you take us with you? No, no, wait, are you sure there's nothing else you can do to save your experiment?
Paimon: Just get to the point and tell us what's troubling you!
Jami: I need more Mora...
Paimon: #Hey, {NICKNAME}, is that a butterfly over there? Let's go check it out!
Traveler: Looks like a flying lizard to me!
Jami: Wait, don't go! Hear me out, please! I need the Mora to hire observers who can help with the experiment!
Jami: If you don't mind helping, I wouldn't have to hire extra observers. After the experiment ends, I can simply sell as much equipment as I can and use that Mora as your compensation...
Paimon: #Hmph. Whatcha think, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Let's help him then.
Paimon: But what exactly do "observers" of your experiment do?
Jami: My project is centered on the defense deficiencies of various creatures. Collecting data requires you to engage in strategic combat while taking pictures.
Paimon: ...Paimon kinda gets why it's expensive to hire observers now.
Jami: Yeah, it is a little dangerous, so you really don't have to help... Just remember to place some flowers before my specimen if you ever pass by the Amurta lab...
Paimon: Alright, alright, we're pros at fighting monsters! But taking pictures while fighting sounds like a lot of trouble...
Jami: Don't worry, because this is where my Fayz Potion comes into play!
Jami: This potion only works inside the experimental site. Drinking it will allow you to subjectively feel as if time has slowed down.
Jami: There's no guarantee that you'll be able to dodge every single attack, haha. But at least you'll have enough time to adjust the angle before taking a picture.
Paimon: Paimon thinks he means: "Injury is unavoidable, but please make sure the photos are good!"
Jami: With how skilled the both of you look, I'm sure you'll be fine.
Jami: But compared to high-quality pictures, your safety always comes first. I mean it!
Traveler: We'll be careful!
Jami: *sob* My entire academic career is in your hands... I'm counting on you!
Traveler: Let's go, Paimon!
Traveler: But everyone's so nice to you.
Traveler: Who?
Jami: I'm that researcher whose proposal got rejected twice and couldn't get started on his experiment... They called me the "groaning Akademiya researcher" Jami.