# Treasures Under the Sea

Ulman: C'mon, little one, I really don't know how to dive. Look! I don't even have a divesuit.
Ulman: *sigh*... No matter how much you jump and dance, I still can't follow you down there...
Traveler: Ulman! You came to Fontaine too?
Ulman: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon! Fancy meeting you here again, of all places. Quite the coincidence.
Paimon: You haven't changed a bit! Still popular with the Seelie. And... it looks like you're getting better and better at communicating with them!
Traveler: Translate what the Seelie is saying for me, please.
Ulman: *sigh* Please don't make fun of me. I don't have a clue what it's trying to say.
Ulman: I just came here to do some business and decided to take a stroll by the water. Suddenly a Seelie started following me out of nowhere... again.
Ulman: I'm used to this sort of thing by now, so I followed it. Up hill and down dale, I even had to row a boat for a bit.
Ulman: Normally, they start bouncing around to tell me "something's buried here!"
Ulman: But... It keeps diving into the water, deeper and deeper...
Ulman: But I haven't got a clue how to dive! I've heard other people saying that the waters here not only have powerful currents, but also all kinds of other dangers... All I can do is sit here on my little boat, waiting for it to return.
Ulman: But that little guy is still leading me to place after place... I really want it to know that I really don't know how to dive...
Traveler: Ah, so you're enjoying the unique Fontaine experience?
Ulman: Totally and completely. A friendly, passionate, kind nation that you never ever feel like leaving. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Paimon: Sounds like you're about to ask us for help again, aren't you?
Ulman: Yes, yes! Oh, thank the Archons, you haven't yet been influenced by the local customs here too much, you still speak so directly and clearly!
Ulman: The dramatic, flowery way some Fontainians talk, I just can't take it anymore!
Ulman: Every twenty words, there's two respectful terms of address, three metaphors, and six adjectives...
Traveler: I always get straight to the point.
Ulman: Gah! ...I feel like even I'm starting to get influenced... Come on! Take this notebook, I've marked the spots where the little guy has taken me.
Ulman: Just like before, find the Ancient Iron Coins, bring them to me, and I'll buy them off of you at an excellent price.
Ulman: Always a pleasure working with you and Paimon.
Traveler: I, being naught but a humble Traveler, have not yet achieved such incredible feats of rhetorical mastery.
Traveler: I would have thought you were used to monsters by now.
Ulman: I am indeed! But at least when I run into them on land, I can turn tail and run. Underwater, I haven't a hope of swimming away!
Traveler: Looks like your "Seelie magnetism" is as strong as ever.