# Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble


## Talk 1

Paimon: This should be the place Katheryne marked for us, but there seems to be nothing here...
Paimon: Huh? Wait, there seems to be someone...
Desnos: Help! You over there! Don't just watch! Save me!

## Talk 2

Read: (All those signed documents from before. Now they lie here quietly, and will not object to anything.)

## Talk 3

Nacker: We're here. This is the Mary-Ann Memorial Park. Let's see if there are any assets that can be recovered in this area.
Paimon: This is a park, but it doesn't look like a park at all.
Nacker: When the explosion happened, this place was hit by the first shock waves, and most of the buildings here were destroyed.
Nacker: But there might've been some paper assets that survived the blast... That's what I'm hoping, anyway.

## Talk 4

Nacker: Let me see... Oh, there might be something under the storage drums over there.
Paimon: Is this pile of storage drums... also Institute property?
Nacker: I guess so, but we'll need to remove them to see if there are more valuable assets here.

## Talk 5

Chronie: What's up with these meka monsters? Why do they move sometimes and stop moving at others!?
Nacker: I fear that anyone who could've answered your question is now... well, indisposed.
Nacker: #Let's hurry over to the Institute. Traveler needs to participate in the final qualification review, after all.

## Talk 6

Nacker: This is the last Survey Anchor. Let's return to the Institute.
Chronie: I'm curious. Did any of the adventurers who responded to the recruitment come and get this kind of Survey Anchor?
Nacker: Of course, and there were quite a few. This Survey Anchor retrieval test is part of the qualification review.
Nacker: After the initial phase of the qualification review, they will try to make contact with the Survey Anchors under the supervision of Institute researchers.
Chronie: They...
Nacker: They consumed a lot of our antiemetics.

## Talk 7

Paimon: Huh!? Why are there so many meka here? We dismantled so many of them last time, didn't we?
Raimondo: It seems that the explosion just now caused that Arkhium to release another wave of energy, which awakened another batch of clockwork meka...
Raimondo: #Please do dismantle them, Traveler, and quickly, please.

## Talk 8

Paimon: Whoa! This big guy's moving! Gah, Paimon knew it would from the start!
Raimondo: Edwin, you scoundrel! What did you do to this thing!?
Raimondo: #Traveler, only you can turn it off now...
Raimondo: But not to worry. There are only two Pneumousia Cores powering it right now, so it's only functioning at one-third of its full power!
Paimon: #That's easy for you to say. Paimon can barely fly like this! Be careful, Traveler!

## Talk 9

Paimon: Huh... Just what kinda place is this, it's all run-down and shabby...
Paimon: Eh? Wait, it seems like there's someone over there...
Desnos: Help! You over there! Don't just watch! Save me!

## Talk 10

Chisseray: Sure enough... Not doing research any more was the correct decision...

## Talk 11

Chalmet: Mr. Nacker, you've finally come...
Nacker: We came across a little hiccup on the way. Never mind that. Have you retrieved the Survey Anchor yet?
Chalmet: I was just about to bring that up with you. I don't know if it was due to the explosion, but the supporting tools that were kept here are all damaged.
Chalmet: You should know, if you don't use the proper tools to retrieve the Anchors, you will be subject to being struck by high-intensity Arkhium energy flows...
Chronie: Oh... intense energy flow from the Arkhium, got it...
Chalmet: Huh!? I... What I just said was just... I—I didn't...
Chronie: Relax, sweetie. You were merely speaking the truth. It's not like you offended anyone.
Nacker: What Ms. Chalmet said was indeed the truth. I hope that I can say the same for what you shall write.
Chronie: Whenever the truth is placed right before me, I never pretend that it's not there. That would be a mistake.
Nacker: Is that so? Well, it takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.
Paimon: It's clear they're not having an argument with each other, but why does Paimon still feel like the vibe is even scarier than if they were...
Traveler: Hurry and think of something, almighty Paimon!
Paimon: Eh!? Why Paimon? Um... Um... how about we just get down to business!?
Nacker: You're right. Ms. Chalmet, let's go examine the Anchor.
Chalmet: O—Okay then. That said, the area where it's located is still blocked. I'll go ahead and open those ports and unblock it...
Nacker: #Traveler, as I recall, you were an adventurer who came for the recruitment, yes? Well... when assisting our Institute in its work, you'll sometimes be required to carry out certain... precise operations.
Nacker: I'd like to see your practical capabilities first. Could you please go and help Ms. Chalmet operate the Energy Transfer Terminal to clear the area where the Survey Anchor is of obstructions?
Traveler: I guess I could...
Paimon: Paimon thinks she's heard of this story somewhere before! It's something like... "Your test began the moment you set foot in this area"!
Nacker: You could say that. If you pass the final review, then we'll do a detailed competency assessment for you.
Nacker: After all, everybody excels at different things, and the work they can take on also differs.
Traveler: And so their compensation will differ as well?
Nacker: Hahaha! How very blunt of you, but you're not wrong.
Paimon: #Ooh! Then we've got to show them our worth, Traveler!
Nacker: Just treat this as an early assessment. Ms. Chalmet is over there. She'll explain to you how to operate the Terminal.
Nacker: Please follow her instructions and unblock the area as soon as you can. I'll be watching you from the side.
Traveler: So, the review has already begun?
Traveler: Let's... deal with the Survey Anchor first, shall we?

## Talk 12

Heinry: Hey! Maybe my original documentation for the design of Fonta is in the ruins!

## Talk 13

Chronie: #Traveler, how did it feel for you to be that close to a Survey Anchor?
Chronie: If you feel any discomfort, then let me know immediately! I'll help you get the truth out there, even if Mr. Nacker tries to hide it.

## Talk 14

Nacker: You... actually managed to retrieve the Survey Anchor without any instruments, like it was nothing.
Chalmet: That's amazing. The last time, we needed at least three of us acting together to retrieve an Anchor.
Nacker: Haha! I'm most certain that you're exactly the talent we've been looking for. With your help, all of our work is going to go much more smoothly.
Nacker: Alright, I'll keep it for now. Let's leave this place and report back to the institute post-haste.
Paimon: Hang on, where's Ms. Chronie? Paimon doesn't see her anywhere...
Chalmet: She was feeling nauseous, so she stayed up there to rest.
Chalmet: But don't worry, she's already taken her medicine. She just needs a little time...
Chalmet: Huh? Ms. Chronie, what are you doing here...
Chronie: A bunch of meka monsters suddenly showed up outside! They're on my heels, about to storm in!
Traveler: Well, thank you for that!
Paimon: #Look out, Traveler! Over there!
Traveler: Leave it to me.

## Talk 15

Chalmet: The Central Laboratory ruins exploded? ...Just what happened?

## Talk 16

Chalmet: Hello! Mr. Nacker has already told me that you're here to learn how to operate the Energy Transfer Terminal. Is that right?
Chalmet: I've written the operating instructions down for you. Feel free to take a look at them.
Chalmet: Um... good luck with your assessment.

## Talk 17

Damestier: Uh-oh! What do we do?

## Talk 18

Conjat: Did the Institute expect this to happen...?

## Talk 19

Nacker: Alright, there seems to really not be anything of value here... It's time to move on.
Chronie: A researcher who once worked together with Edwin Eastinghouse is now kicking storage drums around in a junk heap...
Chronie: Meanwhile, the Fontaine Research Institute still complains about being short-handed, huh... The way these researchers go about things is truly unfathomable.
Nacker: Everybody's worth is reflected in different ways, and "kicking storage drums" is my way of doing so these days.
Chronie: But I've heard that prior to Edwin's big screw-up, you had quite some sway in the Institute. Some might even say that you were... second only to Edwin himself.
Paimon: Eh!? You were that powerful!?
Nacker: That no longer means anything. Now I'm merely someone who was fortunate to survive this project, and one of the culprits who turned the Central Laboratory into what it is today.
Nacker: This is the only information I can offer you, Ms. Chronie.
Chronie: Well, I believe that was plenty. Let me write that down. Huh? Where are my pen and notebook? My whole bag disappeared...
Chronie: I put it right next to a strange-looking meka just now. Where did they go?
Traveler: You mean... the one behind you?
Chronie: Huh?
Chronie: H—Help!

## Talk 20

Nacker: #Phew... luckily Traveler was here. These were probably the clockwork meka that the Institute used before to monitor energy flow, as they're equipped with Arkhium energy flow monitoring devices.
Nacker: Although they're now out of control, they still automatically converged here upon detecting the energy flow from Arkhium...
Chronie: Mr. Nacker, should the Fontaine Research Institute be held accountable for these out-of-control meka in the wilds?
Nacker: I don't object to that at all. They should be held accountable...
Chronie: Oh?
Nacker: If you truly have a way to have those buried in the ground rise up and speak again.
Nacker: Also, I sincerely suggest that you stay here and rest, Ms. Chronie. Mr. Choiseul and Raimondo are at the Institute's new site, and they aren't going anywhere.
Nacker: Once you're feeling better, then you can go and interview them.
Paimon: Yeah! You felt so sick that you could barely even stand. Don't push yourself too hard.
Traveler: Your health is essential.
Chronie: No... I can't. Interviewing Choiseul is the final step, not the beginning.
Chronie: That's why I'm following Mr. Nacker around... I... I want to experience everything firsthand and get tangible evidence.
Chronie: I have to question Choiseul with evidence in hand. That way, he won't be able to beat around the bush like last time.
Chronie: Hehe, and lo and behold, I've now personally experienced this so-called "harmless" Arkhium energy flow, no?
Chronie: Once I get to the Fontaine Research Institute, I'm definitely going to uncover all... all of the hidden truths...
Nacker: ...*sigh* I truly admire your professionalism, Ms. Chronie, but are you sure you'll be able to make it the rest of the way there?
Chronie: Don't worry, I'll be right behind you guys. I'm a reporter, after all.

## Talk 21

Chronie: If I may, Mr. Nacker, could you explain what would happen if someone were to be directly hit by intense energy flowing from Arkhium?
Nacker: Coma, subcutaneous bleeding, vomiting, and so on. Would you like me to list them all one by one?
Chronie: If the Survey Anchors really are that dangerous, why would you place them in a room? You know, it feels like you're... placing a coffee maker.
Nacker: I've already repeatedly emphasized that as long as you follow operating procedures correctly, you should not be at any risk of direct contact with said energy flows!
Nacker: As for why they're locked up in a room... Well, it's to prevent certain idiots from taking any Anchors away without authorization, of course.
Nacker: They have no idea how they work and just figure that they might sell some shiny things for a profit.
Nacker: We've hung up signs, distributed flyers, and even specially organized a lecture to try to tell everyone that not only were they worthless, but they could also do you harm.
Nacker: However, the Anchors continue to be stolen, and thus we've had no choice but to lock them up in a room... This is the truth. Are you happy now?

## Talk 22

Choiseul: Raimondo, nothing could go wrong here, right?
Raimondo: Everything is running according to the set orbit, Choiseul. Round and round it goes, without any errors.
Choiseul: Error-free everything might be, but I'm just worried about getting dizzy...
Nacker: Mr. Choiseul, Mr. Raimondo.
Choiseul: Ah, Nacker! It's great to see you. Have you taken care of those Survey Anchors?
Raimondo: I trust that you've done as you always have — complete your tasks to perfection.
Nacker: I have. Allow me to give you two a brief report...
Nacker: #With Traveler's assistance, the Anchor was successfully retrieved without any equipment.
Choiseul: That's unbelievable! You were able to retrieve one without the use of any instruments? Goodness! Thank heavens.
Choiseul: The entire Institute right now only has three complete sets of such equipment, and I was honestly worried as to how we might retrieve the Anchors as soon as possible.
Traveler: I didn't really do anything special...
Paimon: Yeah... It felt just like any other commission that we've done!
Choiseul: No, no, for you to have retrieved an Anchor at all is special enough as-is.
Chronie: Is there any critical data in the Anchor, Mr. Choiseul?
Choiseul: Haha, of course not...
Choiseul: ...some insignificant data, Ms. Chronie.
Chronie: I agree with you. After all, there's no way for insignificant data to radiate with harmful Arkhium energy flows, is there?
Choiseul: E—Energy flow? I mean, uh... Of course! It's necessary... and must exist... as a technological means of preserving the...
Chronie: What I'd really like to know is... Why the Fontaine Research Institute would place these Survey Anchors to monitor the Arkhium energy flow after the explosion?
Choiseul: Certainly. Obviously, these Survey Anchors are... Uh... used for monitoring...
Paimon: Ms. Chronie talks so fast! Like...
Traveler: A Dendro Slime on fire.
Chronie: Allow me to be more specific. How exactly is the Fontaine Research Institute planning to deal with this explosion?
Choiseul: Uh... yes, I was just about to answer that question. This was an excellent question to ask, as many people... are concerned about it...
Raimondo: Ms. Chronie, I am so delighted that you've come to visit again. I must stress on behalf of Mr. Choiseul that the institute has never changed its solution to the explosion.
Raimondo: Once we have recovered all of the retrievable research assets at the old site, we will demolish the old Central Laboratory and do our best to restore the area's natural environment to its original state.
Paimon: By the Central Laboratory, you mean that building floating in the air? How are you going to demolish a building like that?
Traveler: Shoot it down with a cannon?
Raimondo: Of course we shan't be using such crude and simple solutions. This demolition will utilize our newly-researched "Experimental Field Generator."
Raimondo: This device can deactivate the Gravity-Altering Field that surrounds the Institute's ruins and land them on the ground safely...
Chronie: But wasn't this device also within said ruins? And wasn't it also a work of Edwin Eastinghouse that used... Arkhium as its energy source...?
Chronie: So, based on what you're saying, the Fontaine Research Institute is still unwilling to give up this "harmless" Arkhium project, yes?
Traveler: I think they're not giving it up so easily.
Paimon: Y—You've been keeping up with what she's saying?
Traveler: Nope, I just repeated her last sentence.
Paimon: Hey! Have you been doing this to pretend that you understand what's going on?
Paimon: Ugh, anyways, the Fontaine Research Institute is still trying to do dangerous stuff in dangerous ways, right?
Chronie: A great summary, Ms. Paimon.
Raimondo: If we're discussing uncontrolled risks, well, even walking on a road may be dangerous. Also, you should note that the energy source we're using is the completely new and stable Tri-State Arkhium.
Chronie: How does that differ from normal Arkhium? Does the new word in front of it mean anything? This, to me, seems like a purely rhetorical maneuver.
Raimondo: I'm sure Mr. Choiseul would be happy to have an in-depth conversation with you about grammar, but I've left Mr. Nacker hanging for too long. And really that's just impolite.
Raimondo: Mr. Nacker, I trust that you've done everything that I've asked?
Nacker: #With Traveler's help, everything couldn't have gone any better.
Raimondo: ...Hmm, is this an adventurer who came for recruitment?
Black Screen Text: Nacker recounts to Raimondo everything that happened, emphasizing the amazing talent you displayed when retrieving the Survey Anchor. He also briefly touches on Chronie's ironclad professionalism as well as the severe vomiting reaction she had. From the joking look on Nacker's face, there seems to be no ill-intent in his jest about the committed reporter... or so you assume.
Raimondo: #...That is rare. Extremely rare. I'm delighted that you're applying for work at the Institute, Traveler.
Raimondo: After hundreds of years of bad luck, we're finally catching a break... I'm confident that you'll be of great help to us.
Traveler: Here are the documents I signed...
Raimondo: Ah, leave them over there. Don't worry about them.
Paimon: Huh? Aren't you going to take a look at them? We spent ages on them, and Mr. Desnos also took them very seriously...
Raimondo: Hahaha, these documents definitely have their uses. They certainly help us weed idiots out, at least.
Raimondo: As for you, however... I believe that your good qualities go far beyond what they can summarize. So let's leave them alone for now.
Paimon: So, are you saying we passed the review?
Raimondo: Without a doubt, yes.
Raimondo: I will personally prepare the contract and notice that you'll need to sign for follow-up work. Until then... Mr. Nacker?
Nacker: Yes?
Raimondo: While Ms. Chronie appears to be having a discussion about energy safety with Mr. Choiseul...
Raimondo: #How about you take Traveler to retrieve the last two Survey Anchors?
Raimondo: The energy flow control operations are nearing completion, all that's left is to compile the data. *sigh* Oh well, at least it's under control...
Chronie: ...Are you guys heading somewhere else? I'll come along too!
Paimon: This reporter lady sure has pretty good ears...
Traveler: Blow it up, just like before?
Traveler: A Whopperflower spitting fireballs.
Traveler: It was nothing compared to other things I've been through.

## Talk 23

Broglie: Oh my Archon! Why did it explode again?

## Talk 24

Nacker: Mr. Raimondo, the survey anchors have all been retrieved.
Raimondo: Looks like we've really got the right person for the job this time. Put them over here. Someone will come and handle them.
Raimondo: #Now... let us get down to business. Come over here please, Traveler. There are some documents you'll need to sign.
Paimon: Th—They're so thick! Why are there so many documents!?
Raimondo: Because no matter how one looks at it, escorting a researcher into the ruins of the Fontaine Research Institute and then landing said ruins shall be no small matter.
Raimondo: And since it is such an important matter, it is only natural for us to explain every detail to the one carrying out the work.
Traveler: Who am I escorting?
Raimondo: Why that'd be Mr. Nacker, of course. Across the entire Institute, there's no one better suited than him to deal with the Central Laboratory ruins.
Chronie: I request that I accompany Mr. Nacker.
Choiseul: What? Uh, I think...
Raimondo: ...This is a terrific proposal.
Raimondo: Choiseul, did you forget what we mentioned when we came up with the plan? We must keep the public informed about the rebuilding of the Institute with the utmost transparency.
Choiseul: Uh... that's right! The new Fontaine Research Institute has nothing to hide. Edwin made some mistakes, but we're past that now.
Choiseul: Please go report on it. Go to the ruins of the Institute and see the mistakes Edwin Eastinghouse made.
Choiseul: Looking back again, the Institute now is just what we've been working toward, the cause we stand for! But allow me to emphasize once again that...
Paimon: And here we go again... Paimon's about to fall asleep...
Traveler: I truly admire how much you guys have to say.
Paimon: Not to mention how every sentence seems to magically make people fall asleep... Paimon's already feeling sleepy from just half a sentence...
Raimondo: No, no, it's important business. So please, come this way...
Black Screen Text: Under Raimondo's guidance, you sign many complicated documents. Thanks to your prior experience, you finish signing them before you know it this time...
Raimondo: #...Alright, that should be all of them. Thank you, Traveler. You are now an Externally Contracted Assistant Researcher for the Fontaine Research Institute.
Paimon: What about Paimon? Does Paimon get any title?
Traveler: You're my important assistant, Paimon.
Paimon: Assistant... Ugh, that just doesn't sound cool...
Raimondo: Hahaha! Don't worry. Assistants play an absolutely critical role within the Institute.
Raimondo: But let us get back to business, shall we? Things right now in the Institute are... rather complicated. The matters you'll be dealing with are also urgent, so I won't keep you for much longer.
Raimondo: While you're on the way, Mr. Nacker will inform you of some things to note, as well as what you will actually need to do.
Raimondo: The rest is up to you now. A lot rests on your shoulders, Mr. Nacker.
Nacker: #...Well then, please follow me, Traveler. We must get to the ruins.
Traveler: Sure thing!
Chronie: Don't forget me!
Nacker: Yes, and you. How could I possibly forget you?
Traveler: Maybe you should call me after you're done talking...
Paimon: Yeah, this doesn't have anything to do with us — and this is a good time for a break, anyway.

## Talk 25

Nacker: #Come on, Traveler, Ms. Chronie, this way.
Chronie: ...So, you mean we're going to delve into this... this... uh, this patch of water?
Nacker: That's right. With the help of this "allogravity-condensed water," we can ascend the ruins of the Institute safely and efficiently.
Nacker: If you don't wish to do it that way, you may also go to the opposite bank and glide in from the highest mountain using a wind glider.
Chronie: Forget it. I... I'm not that good at using a wind glider, and I'm not really... used to heights, either.
Nacker: Very well. Now I'll go over a few things to keep in mind when it comes to allogravity-condensed water.
Black Screen Text: Nacker details considerations when making use of said allogravity-condensed water.
Paimon: So in a nutshell, it's the same as when swimming or diving.
Traveler: I feel like this is more "flying or diving."
Nacker: I suppose you could call it "anti-gravity diving" if you had to.
Nacker: Is everybody ready? Ms. Chronie, you can still back out now if you'd like, and simply wait here for us to return.
Chronie: Reporters never back down. I'll be right behind you guys! I'll... try to, anyway...
Nacker: Alright then, if you insist. Let's get going now.
Traveler: Diving in midair will be quite a novelty.
Nacker: In that case, please do enjoy experiencing it for yourself.

## Talk 26

Traveler: Why do you think Nacker stole the core?
Raimondo: Do you still remember when I was flipping through the pictures Ms. Chronie took in the ruins?
Raimondo: There's one of Nacker working in front of the suppression device. It's quite blurry... but I'm quite certain that his actions are definitely not part of any operational procedure.
Paimon: That doesn't really mean anything, though. Maybe... maybe a thief came flying across from the nearby mountain and stole the core?
Raimondo: Heh, that's most definitely impossible. The energy flow of the Arkhium in the ruins is the best anti-theft measure there is. No ordinary person can withstand it.
Raimondo: Besides, the timing of the Experimental Field Generator's activation is simply too perfect. It cannot be a mere coincidence...
Raimondo: I have a preliminary conjecture. Nacker — or should I say, the one who stole the core — likely removed the Arkhium Kinetic Core early on, activating the backup energy source.
Raimondo: However, Pneumousia Cores are relatively inefficient energy sources, and they have to keep up a continuous output of energy to reach the activation threshold of this contraption here.
Raimondo: Hence, this person intentionally activated that large Arkhium chunk, creating a modest, but rather noticeable explosion.
Raimondo: This way, when the Institute sent someone to investigate, they would be certain to fix the Arkhium Inhibitor first.
Raimondo: And by the time they realized that they'd have to go to the Experimental Field Generator to retrieve the backup energy supply, the Generator would have already finished charging.
Raimondo: From a technical perspective, such a modus operandi is highly probable, and those within the Institute capable of doing this would only be Edwin, Mr. Nacker, and myself.
Raimondo: I doubt Edwin had the opportunity to do anything to that effect... which leaves two remaining suspects. Myself, and Mr. Nacker.
Traveler: Maybe this was all your doing, then.
Paimon: Yeah! You said that Nacker lied, but you've also been lying all along!
Paimon: Maybe this was all just part of your plan, and you tricked us into escorting you here so you could grab whatever it was you wanted.
Raimondo: Your accusation is not entirely baseless. After this, I will also apply for and submit myself to the Institute's credibility review.
Raimondo: As far as I'm concerned, though, Mr. Nacker is the one more likely to have committed this act. If this really was his doing, then he should be the one with the most to gain from it.
Raimondo: Even if I am listed alongside him as a suspect... his chances of being convicted are certainly greater than mine.

## Talk 27

Chronie: How suspicious...
Traveler: What's suspicious? Show me too!
Chronie: #Oh! Traveler, you gave me a fright. How are you able to walk around without making any noise?
Paimon: You were just too focused! Speaking of it, you followed us all the way here. Have you managed to find anything?
Chronie: Not really. Since Mr. Nacker said all that, I don't really want to get in trouble.
Chronie: In the end, all I could take pictures of were these dilapidated houses, broken rocks, and a motionless machine...
Chronie: I bet I would be able to take photos of a big scoop if I could fly in the air just like you can, Paimon.
Traveler: Why be a reporter if you can fly?
Chronie: I was born to do this. It's the reason I exist.
Nacker: I, too, am very sure of that, Ms. Chronie.
Chronie: What? You're also able to walk without making any noise? Is this a new technology the Institute's developed?
Nacker: #Unfortunately, we don't teach walking courses. I've already completed all the preparations, in any case. Traveler, please take Ms. Chronie back to the Institute.
Nacker: Once the Experimental Field Generator is activated, it will rapidly change the gravity in the surrounding area.
Nacker: I've been through professional training, and I know what to do in this situation.
Nacker: For your safety, it would be best if you stay away from here.
Traveler: And how are you going to get down?
Nacker: You don't need to worry about me. Mr. Edwin taught me how to use the Generator personally.
Nacker: No one in the Institute can control this big guy as freely as I can... Not even Raimondo.
Paimon: Hmm... Guess we'll have to leave it to a professional then. Be careful!
Nacker: Go now. We'll meet again on the surface.
Traveler: Hi, Ms. Chronie!

## Talk 28

Nacker: Sometimes I really don't get why the Institute had to design the support clockwork meka to look like humans.
Nacker: Just from the perspective of supporting research, hands and feet are far worse than tracking and multifunctional clockwork meka apertures.
Traveler: What's this rock?
Nacker: Oh, this is the Arkhium that supplies energy to the Experimental Field Generator.
Nacker: What restrains it is the energy supply device created by Mr. Edwin. See this here? This circuit connects to the Generator.
Nacker: Of all the inert Arkhium we found, this one was the best in terms of purity and stability.
Traveler: And then boom it went.
Nacker: That came down to Mr. Edwin. I trust that this wasn't the cause, or at least, it shouldn't take all the blame.
Paimon: Whoa... I—It's not gonna blow up again, is it?
Traveler: When that happens, I'm gonna need you to take us to the skies, Paimon.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't have super strength! But... if it really does blow up, then P—Paimon could give it a shot...
Nacker: Hahaha, don't worry. Now that Mr. Edwin's not around, we're completely safe.
Nacker: Alright, I'm about to use Raimondo's catalyst to transform this Arkhium into Tri-State Arkhium and activate that big fellow outside.
Nacker: Then, these ruins should be able to safely land on the ground.
Nacker: #Traveler, could you please help me take some photos in the area? I need to use them as evidence for my work record.
Traveler: Didn't you just say taking photos wasn't allowed?
Nacker: It's fine. These will be used for reference in the Institute and won't be distributed.
Nacker: Unless you secretly keep a few for yourself... which I trust you won't do.
Nacker: Oh, right, and when you're taking photos, please look for Ms. Chronie while doing so. I've got no idea where she's run off to... or where she's hiding.
Nacker: I really don't want to start the Generator only to suddenly find a lady tossed into midair.
Traveler: When that happens, let's jump into the water below.
Paimon: Jumping into water from a high place such as this is gonna hurt when we, y'know, "splash"...
Paimon: Worst case scenario, P—Paimon will tug on your clothes and help to absorb the impact...?

## Talk 29

Nacker: Readings are normal... Looks like everything's fine, and we shouldn't come across any hiccups...
Nacker: #Traveler, once you're done taking photos, please go find Ms. Chronie.
Nacker: I'll come to find you guys when I've finished making adjustments here.

## Talk 30

Choiseul: My goodness, was this also predicted? Oh my...

## Talk 31

Desnos: What happened? How did it explode again...

## Talk 32

Raimondo: #Traveler! You're back. How's the work coming along?
Traveler: Everything's going swimmingly.
Paimon: There are still some finishing touches that "ought to be left to a professional," so Mr. Nacker is still up there.
Traveler: I feel like I haven't really contributed that much...
Raimondo: #Don't say that. You're our safety rope! Without you, dear Traveler, how could we have dared let Mr. Nacker go up there by himself? It could be said that the trip was a brilliant success.
Raimondo: There were other benefits as well. Ms. Chronie's managed to photograph some... thought-provoking images, that she would like to ask me about. And a few of those pictures should prove even more "interesting" for Mr. Nacker.
Raimondo: Let's not talk about that for now. Come, let us take a photo together. Monsieur Choiseul will also need to present you with a certificate and an honorary title.
Traveler: Honorary title?
Paimon: Ooh, ooh, and what about Paimon? Paimon... will also get a promotion from assistant, right!?
Raimondo: #Uh, seeing as... you're Traveler's companion, then I guess you could join in on the photo. As for the title...
Traveler: So there's no honorary title for Paimon, then?
Raimondo: Honorary titles must remain limited in quantity and stay relatively rare. Otherwise, how would we get sponsors and support through awarding them?
Paimon: Oh... Alright then...
Traveler: Then allow me to award Paimon...
Traveler: The honorary title of "Best Companion."
Paimon: Hey, just what kind of nonsense titles are those! ...Hmph, we're already best buddies, Paimon doesn't need a title for that!
Paimon: #You better make Traveler's really awesome!
Raimondo: Of course. This honorary title is of the highest standing. Besides, haven't you also been promoted to Assistant to the Honorary Senior Researcher? Come on, let's get that photo taken.
Paimon: An assistant's still an assistant, no matter how many words you put after it...
Raimondo: Alright, let's take the photo. This is an occasion to remember.
Raimondo: Monsieur Choiseul, you're...
Raimondo: Ooh, looks like he's having a nice conversation with Ms. Chronie.
Choiseul: ...Hence, this operation is a stepping stone to rebuilding the Institute. We can do it, and it is our duty to do so, as it has always been!
Choiseul: As for the former site of the Institute, we will keep it preserved forever and rebuild it as the Fontaine Research Institute Safety Education Center.
Chronie: ...I think I've just about had enough.
Raimondo: #I'm certain that everybody has benefited from your speech, Monsieur Choiseul. But now's the time to take a photo together with Traveler, wouldn't you say?
Choiseul: Yes, of course! We must take a photo and mark this occasion with our dear Honorary Senior Researcher of the Fontaine Research Institute!
Choiseul: Please give us a second, Ms. Chronie. This shouldn't take too long.
Chronie: Oh, don't worry. It's not like the things you said just now weren't all cliches anyway.
Chronie: Weren't you guys going to take a photo together? I just so happen to have a Kamera with me. Please go and stand in position.
Chronie: I traveled a long way to get here, so please at least make it worth the trip, okay?
Traveler: The honorary title of "Best Travel Guide."
Traveler: A super awesome title!
Traveler: It's fine.

## Talk 33

Paimon: This... What's this large plate?
Nacker: That's the Experimental Field Generator that Mr. Edwin developed.
Paimon: Huh? Didn't it already blow up? It looks perfectly fine now.
Nacker: The thing that exploded wasn't this machine but the Arkhium ore that powers its core driver, the Arkhium Kinetic Core.
Paimon: This thing... Will it suddenly start moving by itself?
Nacker: Relax. This big guy can't move now that it's lost its power supply.
Paimon: But didn't Raimondo say that we needed to use it to make the ruins descend? If it can't move...
Nacker: Only a part of it will be activated. The Tri-State Arkhium can only support its operation at half speed, but that should be enough to relieve the abnormal gravity state the Central Laboratory ruins are in.
Paimon: Er... Paimon doesn't understand that at all...
Traveler: What do you need us to do?
Nacker: Please follow me. The place where we will need to work is in the back.
Nacker: Ms. Chronie, please stay here. Some areas in the back contain Insitute secrets, and you're not allowed to have any exposure to them.
Chronie: I can see that "back" of yours from here. What secrets could be hidden inside?
Nacker: I have no idea either. That's why you're definitely not allowed inside.
Chronie: What nonsense!
Nacker: Anyway, please wait here. If you take photos randomly, you might capture something related to Institute secrets.
Nacker: For example... the, um... formula for the sugar-free berry-flavored Fonta. This new Fonta product is quite important to the Institute.
Nacker: If you leak any information of it to the outside world, you'll need to undergo a one-month confidential investigation and must report to the Maison Gestion at the Palais Mermonia three times every day and be questioned...
Nacker: Of course, you'll need to stop your journalistic work.
Chronie: Hahaha, don't worry. Even if I get taken away by the Palais Mermonia for questioning, it will only be because I've uncovered the secret you're hiding.
Chronie: I won't let myself be forced to stop working for a reason as absurd as leaking some Fonta formula.
Nacker: I admire your work ethic. I hope everything goes well with your photo-taking.
Nacker: #Traveler, let's go. There's still work for us to do.

## Talk 34

Chalmet: The backup medicine is also nearly finished. I'll go back and get more from the Institute later...
Chalmet: Wait, do we even have any medicine left...?

## Talk 35

Chronie: Uh... was that an... explosion just now?
Traveler: What else could it have been...
Choiseul: I... don't believe that was an explosion. All things considered, uh... it was probably a controllable...
Paimon: That was an explosion! Paimon was nearly blown away just now. If not, what else could it have been!?
Chronie: Mr. Choiseul! Could you please explain this to us. Was this something that you had anticipated?
Choiseul: I... uh... I must say, you asked a... very good question, a very... excellent one... as... many people are wondering the same thing.
Raimondo: ...The color of these bodies of water. Could it be that the condenser components are already in...
Traveler: Wait, Nacker hasn't come down yet!
Raimondo: ...You're right, he hasn't returned yet.
Raimondo: #Let's not delay, Traveler. We need to go now.
Chronie: Wait! I want to go too! The truth behind this explosion...
Raimondo: Please do not act rashly, Miss Reporter. If you dip one of your toes into that water, you'll be saying goodbye to this world within a minute.
Chronie: Don't scare me!
Raimondo: Would you! Please! Just! Stay! Here!
Raimondo: #Traveler, according to your previous experience, the energy flow that remains in these bodies of water shouldn't affect you too much.
Raimondo: Please get to the ruins as quickly as you can. I'll find my own way up, and I'll meet you there.
Traveler: Your own way?
Raimondo: I have my ways. After the explosion, I was among one of the first up there to conduct disaster investigation and evaluation.
Raimondo: Things at that time were much more complicated than they are now... Anyway, enough talk. Let's get moving. Hopefully, Mr. Nacker won't meet the same fate that Edwin did...
Traveler: We're just taking a photo together. Is such a ceremonious greeting necessary?

## Talk 36

Vuillermoz: It's over, it's all over now...

## Talk 37

Nacker: Excellent work, the lock has been opened! Your abilities to quickly grasp the mechanics and execute are both outstanding, and your value far exceeds the vast majority of those who participate in experiments. I will truthfully report your performance as such.
Paimon: So what's next... Whoa! Ms. Chronie, what's gotten into you?
Chronie: Um... Ugh! I suddenly... feel like I'm gonna throw up... Ugh!
Chalmet: Ms. Chronie, please, drink this medicine. Exposed Survey Anchors radiate with Arkhium energy traces, and the place we are in now has also been affected somewhat.
Chalmet: However, this energy level won't leave permanent adverse effects on the body. Just take this medicine and you'll be fine.
Chronie: Blech! It tastes terrible. Forget it. I guess this is also a kind of first-hand experience...
Chalmet: #Traveler, these two bottles are for the two of you. Please drink them quickly.
Traveler: I'm feeling fine. Let Paimon drink it.
Paimon: But Paimon isn't feeling any discomfort either... Plus, the medicine doesn't taste so good, right? Um, Paimon would rather not take it...
Nacker: Really? That's really quite interesting, and is completely at odds with the results of the "Applications of Arkhium Risk Report: 3rd Edition." We all should have been affected by the same amount of Arkhium energy...
Paimon: Harrumph! We're constantly journeying over mountains and seas... We're way stronger than the people you've got working here!
Nacker: Correction: You can now assume that all of the Fontaine Research Institute's staff are now working out in the open, beneath the sun and stars. Your report might consider mentioning the difficult work conditions we are enduring, Ms. Chronie.
Chronie: Ah! I've been wronged without having been notified in advance! The Steambird won't just let this go!
Nacker: #Putting this all aside, you clearly have an extremely strong innate tolerance of the energy flow, Traveler. If so, you are certainly the best candidate to assist the Institute, without question.
Nacker: Please approach the storage room, and report any dizziness, nausea, itchiness, or any other discomfort you feel during the process.
Chronie: #Hold on there! Are you using Traveler as a guinea pig? Without fulfilling your obligation to inform him of the risks first?
Nacker: #It is clearly stated in "Institute (abbr.) Externally Contracted Employee Agreement, Appendix C.41," which he signed!
Nacker: Prior to being officially employed, the applicant shall be subject to a harmless Arkhium energy flow tolerance test, and the Institute has the right to terminate the contract based upon the results of said test.
Traveler: I hate reading text.
Nacker: You chose not to exercise your right to read the text, but each document was clearly marked, "Please sign your name after carefully reading the document and making sure there are no mistakes."
Nacker: However, seeing as you seem completely unaffected by the energy flow... I believe you may be just the person we're looking for.
Nacker: In any case, let's get down to business. Take three steps toward the storage room, then hold still for thirty seconds.
Black Screen Text: You follow Nacker's series of complicated instructions and slowly approach the storage room at a steady pace.
However, just like before, you don't feel any discomfort.
Paimon: We've gone this far, but Paimon still doesn't feel anything. Do you feel any discomfort?
Traveler: Ah! My head! It feels like it's gonna explode!
Paimon: #Huh!? What's wrong? Traveler, are you alright!?
Traveler: Pfft...
Paimon: Okay, okay, that was good acting! You nearly fooled Paimon there, sheesh... But...
Paimon: Hehe, that's a relief, then. Paimon was worrying about how she'd carry you out of here if you were to suddenly pass out.
Paimon: Although, we've come all this way, and we can't see Nacker or the others anymore, and it doesn't seem like we can hear them either. What do we do next?
Paimon: Paimon knows! Maybe they'll chuck some sort of box in here and communicate with us through that!
Traveler: That would be quite handy.
Paimon: We'll find out soon enough! Heh, Paimon can't wait to see what kind of cool gadgets they might use to communicate with us...
Nacker: #Traveler! Can you hear me!?
Paimon: Oh! So they rely on the technology of shouting really loud!
Traveler: I can hear you!
Nacker: Do you guys feel any discomfort!?
Traveler: Everything's good!
Nacker: That's great! Please continue on to the Survey Anchor. You should be able to see it now!
Nacker: Once you retrieve it, it will temporarily fall into a dormant state and stop radiating energy, and then we'll be able to come in! *cough*... Ahem...
Paimon: Be careful! If you feel uncomfortable, then we'll get out of here.
Traveler: (Shh...)
Paimon: What are you doing!? Stop joking around at a time like this!
Paimon: We can hear you!
Traveler: Do they even have technology that cool?
Traveler: I'm feeling the same as always.
Traveler: Who the heck reads all that!?
Traveler: Thanks, but I'm not feeling any discomfort at all...
Paimon: Paimon neither!

## Talk 38

Raimondo: It looks like the Arkhium overloaded, and that the cooling mechanism is also damaged. Nacker... What have you done here exactly?
Raimondo: This was my fault. I didn't think that Nacker would still be unsatisfied, despite all the benefits I gave him...
Paimon: Eh? Benefits? Wait a second...
Raimondo: Why are you looking at me like that? Did he say anything to you?
Black Screen Text: You tell Raimondo of your encounters with Nacker, and his attitudes toward various matters...
Raimondo: Hmph... Sweet talk! Did he tell you guys, then, that it was people like him — Edwin's successors — who are reaping the benefits of this mess by stealing all kinds of information and selling it for a fortune?
Paimon: Hmm... You guys are telling completely different stories. Paimon doesn't know who to believe anymore. If only he were here, then we could find out the truth. Paimon doesn't see him at all, though...
Paimon: If he's not here, where could he have gone?
Traveler: Maybe he successfully escaped.
Raimondo: I don't think he was killed at the very least... I'll explain why later. For now, though, we must stabilize this Arkhium as quickly as we can.
Raimondo: The suppression system shut down, and the ore is presently in an excited state. That is what caused the explosion.
Paimon: What caused the explosion? But this big rock doesn't look blown up at all.
Traveler: I don't understand...
Raimondo: Alright... I agree that this is indeed quite difficult to understand. I'll explain it in simpler terms for you... I guess I have no choice now.
Raimondo: The Experimental Field Generator that Edwin created is extremely powerful and can manipulate gravity... This I believe you know already.
Raimondo: After the explosion, all the Arkhium in the institute shattered into fragments. Among these fragments, many of them could have turned into an excited state and triggered an explosion at any time.
Raimondo: With the use of Gravity Fields... they were all restrained and gathered... beneath our feet.
Raimondo: That explosion just before was a small one caused by a small part of Arkhium in the ruins that was affected by energy flow. I guess you could call it... a minor rehearsal of a third great explosion.
Paimon: Uh... huh? Then... this ruin is a...
Traveler: Super-huge, ready-to-explode piece of Arkhium!?
Paimon: S—So you guys did all this... not because you wanted to retrieve assets, but because you were scared this place would explode again!?
Raimondo: ...That's just one of the objectives of this operation. But right now, our priority is to retrieve the condensing components that fell into the water and restart the suppression device.
Raimondo: There is also Arkhium inside those components, and the intense energy flow has likely caused... unpredictable changes to the water bodies.
Raimondo: Forgive me, but I'm really not capable of retrieving them and installing them back on the inhibitor.
Raimondo: #Only you are capable of doing this, Traveler. Please, for the Court of Fontaine, and...
Traveler: Since it's urgent, I'll just get the job done first...
Paimon: But once this is all over, you'd better explain everything clearly!
Raimondo: If all goes well, I will tell you everything I know.
Traveler: Maybe he's already...

## Talk 39

Chronie: Huh? What was Nacker doing...?

## Talk 40

Raimondo: ...That Mr. Nacker really knows how to create trouble for others. Just like that boss of his, Edwin Eastinghouse!
Traveler: What are you doing here?
Raimondo: We really can't catch a break here. Not only did the explosion break off the condensing components of the device, but it also destroyed the self-sustaining system of the inhibitor.
Raimondo: I'm about to remove the two backup Pneumousia Cores in the Experimental Field Generator and use them to supply energy to the inhibitor.
Paimon: Luckily this big fella can't move. Otherwise, we wouldn't even have time to run...
Traveler: It's just not moving right now, you mean.
Paimon: Hey, knock on wood! Don't say things like that! What if it actually starts moving?
Raimondo: Don't worry, its main source of energy is that big chunk of Arkhium behind it.
Raimondo: Although the Arkhium has transformed into an activated state, the explosion damaged all of the energy supply lines, so it's lost all of its energy supply...
Raimondo: ...Huh? The Arkhium Kinetic Core should've been right here. Where did...
Paimon: Um... Hold on, you said that the Pneumousia Cores were a backup energy source.
Paimon: A—And isn't the activation condition for backup energy sources... the complete loss of energy?
Raimondo: Oh. Uh oh...

## Talk 41

Paimon: It... it stopped...
Raimondo: I knew you could do it! Quick, grab these two cores. Let's go hook up the power.
Raimondo: Just like before, you go connect the energy source, and I'll adjust the device.

## Talk 42

Choiseul: Raimondo, during our last meeting, did I really mention that we must keep the public informed about the rebuilding of the institute with the utmost transparency?
Choiseul: I really don't remember that. Perhaps I should check for it in the meeting notes. Could you tell me what page it was exactly?
Raimondo: If by "checking for it in the meeting notes," you mean you wish to see this point made in clear writing...
Raimondo: Then I must say that it won't happen, as such a point cannot be summarized into a single sentence.
Raimondo: This point was made based on the overall essence of that meeting, which was to first address morality and human relations, and the sum total of social norms...
Raimondo: Lastly, this concept, when extracted from countless specific words and actions, is so broad and generic that anyone can see and comprehend its abstract concept.
Choiseul: So what you're saying is, "I didn't say that?"
Raimondo: Uh...
Raimondo: Correct.

## Talk 43

Raimondo: Finally, it's stabilized. The Arkhium has transformed into an inert state... We and the Fontaine Research Institute are safe, for now.
Traveler: But it seems there are ever more secrets.
Raimondo: As for the things you'd like to know, I will be happy to answer. But... not right now.
Raimondo: What I can tell you now, based on my hypothesis, is that... Mr. Nacker stole the Arkhium Kinetic Core and triggered this small explosion.
Raimondo: But before explaining in too much detail, we should return to the Institute, and place the proper notation and partitions into this interlude.
Raimondo: ...Or at the very least, we need to stop Miss Journalist from getting more deeply involved. The Arkhium Kinetic Core is connected to too many other matters, and we must handle it in complete confidentiality.
Raimondo: So, I would like you to "cooperate" with my work.
Traveler: Cooperate with your work?
Paimon: You... you're not saying to play along with your lies, are you?
Paimon: The scarier something is, the more you should share it with others! Then, we can all work together to deal with it faster!
Raimondo: I have my doubts about that, you two. Every matter has its own way of being dealt with, and in this instance, we must first call for silence.
Raimondo: But I promise that I would never have you steer from your moral standards or demand that you... have the same standard of behavior as we do.
Raimondo: All I ask is for you to remain quiet. You need not do anything else. You might be wondering why I would have you remain silent while telling you the truth.
Raimondo: I'll just come out and say it now. Your coming here is the only good fortune that our Institute has had in nearly a hundred years.
Raimondo: No matter what happens or what the cost is, we must maintain good relations with you. I'm sure Mr. Choiseul feels the same way.
Traveler: Is telling the truth also a "cost" as far as you're concerned?
Paimon: Yeah! You're only just telling us the truth now, which you should have done ages ago. Just what sorta "cost" is that?
Raimondo: #Dear sir, Paimon. Telling the truth honestly is, in truth, the greatest price one can pay.
Raimondo: Let's go back. I ask sincerely for your understanding and to provide all... necessary cooperation.
Traveler: Is transparency something you'd consider a "cost" as well?

## Talk 44

Choiseul: Ms. Chronie, everything we do is in the best interests of the people of the Court of Fontaine.
Chronie: ...So what you're saying is that the Fontaine Research Institute predicted the explosion just now? Are you kidding? Do you think I'm a Gestionnaire? You can't hoodwink me that easily!
Raimondo: I think Monsieur Choiseul has expressed himself clearly enough. The situation is still under control. The status quo of the Court of Fontaine will not be adversely affected.
Raimondo: Now, allow me to make a statement explaining the events that really occurred.
Chronie: That's enough, Mister! I don't believe you for a second!
Chronie: #Traveler, you should have seen everything, right? I'm begging you, tell me the truth!

## Talk 45

Choiseul: What should we do, Raimondo? Do you think we can convince this journalist? Tri-State Arkhium... I always felt that that name would bring us trouble.
Raimondo: Choiseul, do you think that the name is not up to current grammatical standards and that people will criticize us for being superficial?
Choiseul: No! Tri-State Arkhium may be different from Arkhium in name, but it looks exactly the same no matter how one looks at it!
Raimondo: This is not a problem, as its internal structure is indeed different. The difference between it and Arkhium is like good guys and bad guys. They're both people, but they're very different in society.
Choiseul: Ah, Raimondo... People never bother to tell the good guys from the bad guys, much less the nature of a piece of rock.
Choiseul: They'll just say, hey, this rock looks like Arkhium, and it works like Arkhium, so why isn't it called Arkhium?
Raimondo: Relax, Choiseul. I've already prepared the explanation script.
Traveler: (Keep listening...)
Raimondo: See? "...The energy source that drives the Experimental Field Generator is not Arkhium, but a new one called Tri-State Arkhium."
Raimondo: "This type of ore is an inert variant of Arkhium that was created through a special transformation process. After entering the all-new 'silent excitement state,' it is much more stable than the original's excited state."
Choiseul: This won't do! They'll still just say that we're doing some kind of rhetorical trick!
Raimondo: "This rhetoric is also based on strict academic classification. All in all, you will witness its excellence after this display."
Choiseul: *sigh* But this certainly won't be able to satisfy that group of reporters.
Raimondo: They can never be satisfied. Mr. Choiseul, all we need to do is put on a display... That's all.
Traveler: (Stop listening...)

## Talk 46

Denichere: It's getting bad... again...

## Talk 47

Conjat: This document needs to be filed, and this one rewritten... Ugh... There's just so much to do...

## Talk 48

Sevigne: ...The Central Laboratory exploded again unexpectedly. Was Monsieur Edwin... actually researching bombs?

## Talk 49

Chalmet: Huh? Back up here already? Have you retrieved the survey anchor?

## Talk 50

Nacker: The Survey Anchor... hasn't been retrieved yet, I see. Have you come back up for a quick break?
Nacker: That's fine, but please retrieve it as soon as you can. We'd prefer to avoid further trouble, you see.

## Talk 51

Nacker: ...This should be fine now.
Nacker: Huh? Please take Ms. Chronie with you and go down quickly. I'll be activating this big guy in a moment.
Nacker: Then, this troublesome matter will be resolved once and for all.

## Talk 52

Nacker: Please follow her instructions and unblock the area as soon as you can. I'll be watching you from the side.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Paimon: (Let's think about this again first...)

### Additional Talk 2

Chronie: ...How can I get up there? Also, will that medicine work?
Chronie: But he said that as long as I touch it... And those pictures. Darn it... I need to think of a way...

### Additional Talk 3

Raimondo: Drat... The energy flow is too strong here. I need to take more medicine...
Traveler: About the real reason for the explosion at the Fontaine Research Institute...
Raimondo: ...You are quite inquisitive, but now's not the time for a long conversation. Please go and retrieve the condensing components first.

### Additional Talk 4

Traveler: (Let's cooperate with Raimondo for now...)
Raimondo: #No need to bother Traveler anymore, Ms. Chronie. Allow me to explain the truth.
Chronie: Don't even think of trying to get away with it, Mr. Raimondo. I saw the Arkhium with my own eyes. This explosion must have been caused by it.
Chronie: Did you not repeatedly emphasize before, that all the Arkhium had been properly processed and disposed of? Just what are you hiding?
Raimondo: I haven't hidden anything. This explosion was always a "controllable hazard removal directional blast."
Paimon: C—Controllable hazard... wait, hazard removal... What?
Traveler: Mind you all don't bite your tongues on that.
Raimondo: It basically means to use small, controlled blasts to quickly remove Arkhium fragments.
Raimondo: With the goal of activating the Experimental Field Generator as quickly as possible.
Raimondo: But couldn't have imagined... that Mr. Nacker would steal the Arkhium Kinetic Core needed to start the Experimental Field Generator.
Raimondo: Not only that, but he intentionally activated that large chunk of Arkhium, using it to draw our attention while he made his escape.
Chronie: ...So, is that the ploy you came up with just now? To dump all the blame onto a researcher, who could be dead right now for all you know!?
Chronie: I think what you really want to hide is that you are completely incapable of dealing with the Arkhium! The Arkhium is still a major threat to the Court of Fontaine!
Chronie: Ridiculous! A person's life isn't something you can throw away to help spread your own lies!
Raimondo: I have already told you the truth, Ms. Chronie... Please listen to a final word of advice.
Raimondo: It takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.
Chronie: ...Enough. I won't listen to another word you say, nor will I dwell on this.
Chronie: Your words, deeds, and all the facts concealed by the Institute will be reported on in the next issue of The Steambird. Good day, gentlemen.
Black Screen Text: Ms. Chronie strides away from the Fontaine Research Institute...
Choiseul: #...Thank goodness, that's finally over with... Oh, and thank you too, Traveler.
Traveler: I just did what I should.
Choiseul: Ah, such humility. In this day and age, those who do what they should are already outstanding.
Choiseul: You didn't make assumptions about whether something is good or bad based on your subjective thoughts. Instead, you... think carefully about what you do and say for the sake of the greater good! Truly an excellent person!
Paimon: But... is this really okay? Paimon still thinks that we should tell everyone the truth...
Traveler: ...
Raimondo: #There's no need to bear such a heavy burden, dear Traveler. You only... cooperated, after listening to my repeated entreaties.
Raimondo: I am a Senior Technician of the Fontaine Research Institute, and the responsibility for this matter falls squarely on me, and me alone.
Traveler: But Ms. Chronie said...
Raimondo: She has already obtained the truth she wants for herself. I wish her well.
Raimondo: But as for us... we still have much to be concerned about. For example, the whereabouts of Mr. Nacker, and the Arkhium Kinetic Core...
Raimondo: Hahaha, but shouldn't we first give you a few awards as well, Monsieur Choiseul?
Choiseul: Right, right! Let's take another group photo together. The one we took before had an... unseemly explosion in the background.
Choiseul: This new photo must be decent enough to be worthy of your status as our Honorary Senior Researcher.
Black Screen Text: Choiseul and Raimondo stand in the same position as before, and an Institute researcher takes a photo for everyone...
Choiseul: Perfect! Look at us — a decent bunch of decent people!
Traveler: The ostentatious awards ceremony has finally ended...
Paimon: Paimon hopes we won't ever have to attend such a... pompous ceremony ever again...
Choiseul: This certificate and trophy are for you. I'll post a copy on the Institute bulletin board later.
Choiseul: *sigh* I hope our researchers will follow your example. On this path, we must strive to take the lead, overcome all obstacles, and put in 120% of our...
Traveler: I actually have more questions for you.
Raimondo: Of course. I know what you want to ask. Even though your questions are all... um, extremely complicated, I'm willing to answer them.
Raimondo: In any case, I believe we'll have more opportunities to work together in the future, Honorary Senior Researcher.
Traveler: The scene just isn't explosive enough.
Paimon: Hey! Stoppit! No more exploding! Any more explosions and Paimon'll have nightmares!

### Additional Talk 5

Traveler: I'll tell you the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Chronie: #...I'm all ears, my dear Traveler.
Black Screen Text: You tell Chronie everything that has happened, from beginning to end, without omitting anything.
Black Screen Text: About the large Arkhium and the Experimental Field Generator.
Black Screen Text: About Nacker, who is missing and could be alive or dead, and about Raimondo's accusations of him having stolen the Arkhium Kinetic Core.
Black Screen Text: And of course, what Raimondo cares most about, the Central Laboratory ruins that could explode again at any time.
Chronie: ...I'm shocked. Mr. Choiseul, were you aware of this?
Choiseul: I... Oh... Of course, I... Um, my goodness...
Chronie: So the Fontaine Research Institute doesn't even have the courage to face their own mistakes? Just to cover up the fact that you couldn't deal with the Arkhium problem, you did absolutely everything you could...
Chronie: #What I find most surprising is that you even tried to trick Traveler, who has been doing their utmost to help.
Chronie: #You even wanted to use Traveler's credibility to convince me that Nacker was behind all of these crimes.
Paimon: Huh!? Chronie, did you really understand?
Chronie: I completely understand everything, dear Paimon. Thank you for dropping such subtle hints for me.
Paimon: H—Hints? Did... did we drop any hints?
Chronie: Of course, I know that what the Institute really wants to hide — the fact that the Central Laboratory ruins can explode again at any time.
Chronie: Or to put it another way, Arkhium is still a threat to the entire Court of Fontaine!
Chronie: Ridiculous! A person's life isn't something you can throw away to help spread your own lies!
Raimondo: I have already told you the truth, Ms. Chronie... Please listen to a final word of advice.
Raimondo: It takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.
Chronie: ...Enough. I won't listen to another word you say, nor will I dwell on this.
Chronie: Your words, deeds, and all the facts concealed by the Institute will be reported on in the next issue of The Steambird. Good day, gentlemen.
Black Screen Text: Ms. Chronie strides away from the Fontaine Research Institute...
Choiseul: #...Thank goodness, that's finally over with... Oh, and thank you too, Traveler.
Traveler: I didn't do what you asked me to. I thought you would...
Raimondo: You thought I would throw a tantrum at you and scold you for not doing what I said?
Raimondo: #My dear Traveler, since the very beginning, your job has only been to escort the researcher to the ruins for an expedition. What I asked you to do was above and beyond the call of duty.
Raimondo: It would have been great if you kept your silence, as that would've saved us a lot of trouble in the future, yes.
Raimondo: But it's not necessarily bad that you told her the truth.
Raimondo: I believe that now that Ms. Chronie has gotten what she wants, she will not bother us again for the time being.
Traveler: She will tell the public everything.
Raimondo: I believe she will do that. I hope the people of Fontaine will like the truth she publicizes.
Raimondo: But as for us... we still have much to be concerned about. For example, the whereabouts of Mr. Nacker, and the Arkhium Kinetic Core...
Raimondo: Hahaha, but shouldn't we first give you a few awards as well. Monsieur Choiseul, would you do the honors?
Choiseul: Oh? Of course! That's right. I've already prepared everything. There's a certificate, trophy... and other forms of remuneration, too.
Choiseul: But before that, let's take a group photo together. The one we took before had an... unseemly explosion in the background.
Choiseul: This new photo must be decent enough to be worthy of your status as our Honorary Senior Researcher.
Black Screen Text: Choiseul and Raimondo stand in the same position as before, and an Institute researcher takes a photo for everyone...
Choiseul: Perfect! Look at us — a decent bunch of decent people!
Traveler: The ostentatious awards ceremony has finally ended...
Paimon: Paimon hopes we won't ever have to attend such a... pompous ceremony ever again...
Choiseul: This certificate and trophy are for you. I'll post a copy of the cert on the Institute bulletin board later.
Choiseul: *sigh* I hope our researchers will follow your example. On this path, we must strive to take the lead, overcome all obstacles, and put in 120% of our...
Traveler: I actually have more questions for you.
Raimondo: Of course. I know what you want to ask. Even though your questions are all... um, extremely complicated, I'm willing to answer them.
Raimondo: In any case, I believe we'll have more opportunities to work together in the future, Honorary Senior Researcher.
Traveler: The scene just isn't explosive enough.
Paimon: Hey! Stoppit! No more exploding! Any more explosions and Paimon'll have nightmares!

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: The kinetic core that disappeared must have been taken away by someone... If there's anyone who had the opportunity to commit this crime, it would probably be...
Traveler: After the explosion... Well, the previous one, researchers of Edwin's stripe don't seem to have been very well-received...
Traveler: The explosion that happened when we were taking the photo was quite a shock... What could have caused it?
Traveler: Will it really be okay to let someone unsuitable for the role be the leader...?
Traveler: ...The Arkhium has been activated from its inert state and is releasing a great amount of energy.
Traveler: It's clear that Mr. Nacker is responsible for everything. He stole the kinetic core... which affected the activation of the Arkhium fragments.
Traveler: There are many unrecovered activated fragments around the ruins of the Central Laboratory. The entire place is a huge, dangerous bomb!
Traveler: It seems apparent that Nacker's the scapegoat of the current management system. He's a senior researcher, and yet he's been reduced to doing random tasks...
Traveler: It's obvious! The second explosion must have been caused by Mr. Choiseul and Mr. Raimondo's chaotic operations!
Traveler: That shouldn't be the case...

### Additional Talk 7

Chisseray: Sure enough... Not doing research any more was the correct decision...
Traveler: About Punched Tape...
Chisseray: Punched Tape? Now? The Central Laboratory blew up again! Sorry, but before that's cleared up, I don't have any time to worry about that stuff...