# The Arrival of a...!

Petit Lumiere: Great day, isn't it?
Petit Lumiere: Someone as famous as you... I bet people are always handing you their business cards.
Paimon: #Uh... You know us? {NICKNAME}, this kid's pretty sophisticated.
Petit Lumiere: Holding another in contempt merely on account of their lack of years is a mistake only the most ignorant would make. I suspect the two of you are not quite so shallow as that.
Petit Lumiere: I didn't intend to flatter myself, but my elder brother and I are famous local film directors. Everyone calls me Mr. Petit Lumiere.
Traveler: Hello.
Petit Lumiere: Correct! I am quite keen on learning more about your adventuring experiences. In my industry, extraordinary stories are always in demand.
Petit Lumiere: As you appear not to be well acquainted with me, allow me to introduce myself.
Petit Lumiere: My elder brother and I have been working together to produce films for quite some time, and have already had quite a few blockbuster successes. Perhaps you've seen "Employees Leaving the Factory"...?
Traveler: Nope.
Petit Lumiere: Oh, that's okay. How about "The Arrival of an Aquabus"?
Paimon: Haven't seen it either.
Petit Lumiere: ...
Petit Lumiere: Ah, I see...
Petit Lumiere: ...That is nothing too remarkable. The road to fame and stardom upon which we two brothers tread is yet long, and we will certainly make even more popular films in the future.
Petit Lumiere: Film production, constructing and planning narratives, the performances of actors, the cooperation between cameraman and director, and post-production and processing... All of it is a truly fascinating process.
Petit Lumiere: And among all these, I believe that the process of filming itself is the most technically demanding.
Petit Lumiere: What you choose to focus on while filming decides the information that will be conveyed to the audience, the atmosphere they will feel...
Petit Lumiere: Of course, the narration is very important, but you cannot expect a story to rely on narration alone.
Petit Lumiere: Four shots! I've always believed that you only need four shots to construct the smallest divisible unit of a story.
Petit Lumiere: Within just these four shots, a genius can work miracles.
Petit Lumiere: Would the two of you like to try? Seize this opportunity to revel in the glamor and charm of filmmaking!
Paimon: So, what should we do?
Petit Lumiere: It is simple! I will provide you with a few simple themes that have already been formulated into short scenes.
Petit Lumiere: The important thing is to try out different ways of handling both the narration and the Kamera, and combining them to film a few short scenes. Are the two of you interested?
Traveler: Our interest has been piqued.
Petit Lumiere: Marvelous! Then, once the two of you are ready, you may go to the filming locations I have already prepared. I will give you feedback on your finished products.
Traveler: Do you plan on giving us your business card as well?