# Studies in Light and Shadow: A Fontaine of Enchantment

Bresson: Have faith in yourself, Bresson... Have faith. All the tools have been prepared...
Bresson: You just need to... go underwater. Yes, underwater... Go there and prove that these tools are reliable, and your work will be complete!
Traveler: What are you doing?
Bresson: Eh? Where did you come from? I didn't hear you coming at all!
Bresson: I almost fell into the water, you know — if I hadn't regained my balance, the future of photography in Fontaine would have gone down the... water!
Traveler: Sorry about that.
Paimon: Wait, don't you know how to swim?
Traveler: And you're from Fontaine, aren't you?
Bresson: Who... Who said that people from Fontaine must know how to swim? Not every person from Liyue can cook, and not every Mondstadter's a poet!
Bresson: Whatever. I went through all this effort to get diving apparatus. Today, I must go underwater to take some pictures...
Paimon: Oh, so that's what going on...
Traveler: Is there something special about this Kamera?
Bresson: Special? I, Bresson Cartier, modified the Kamera personally. This is why it's "special."
Bresson: My modification techniques are strict and ingenious, and I only use the very finest materials.
Bresson: The lens is countless times better than those you'll find on any other Kameras. Indeed, there will be no loss in image quality even if you go underwater!
Bresson: But those people in the Kamera Club... They don't care about my new techniques at all. They claim that the key to photography lies in the skill of the photographers themselves, and not their tools...
Bresson: But just you wait, I say. I will take some brilliant pictures, and shut those ignoramuses right up!
Bresson: Phew... Come on, Bresson. Believe in yourself... Believe... the water is warm and comfy, and it's definitely not full of man-eating fish...
Bresson: I... I... Ugh, will this divesuit really work? Will it suddenly explode underwater!?
Bresson: After which I shall be dragged into the watery depths, never to be seen again... I... Oh, Archons...
Traveler: If you really can't do it, I can help you...
Bresson: Really? Would you do this? Would you aid me? A most generous soul, you are! Indeed, my savior!
Traveler: Well, I expect to be paid, regardless.
Bresson: Well, of course I won't be making you do this for free. Your recompense will be rich, trust me!
Bresson: Ah yes, right. Allow me to mark some good underwater scenery on your map...
Bresson: There are also some on land... Uh... That should be around here... This is brand-new equipment, after all. It wouldn't hurt to test them out at a few more spots.
Bresson: Alright, this will do. I leave Fontaine's technical photographic future and my vision for Kamera tools in your capable hands.
Bresson: I shall... uh, wait for you on the shore.
Traveler: I'll need remuneration according to Guild rules.
Traveler: Why don't I take some photos underwater for you?
Traveler: I didn't expect you to react that intensely...