# Commanders and Wargames

Su Ding: #The chiseled face, as though a classical sculpture come to life, and an unrivaled aura that surpasses common folk... You must be the commander {NICKNAME} of whom the rumors speak, no?
Su Ding: Your reputation precedes you! I was just thinking of entrusting the Adventurers' Guild with sending you a letter, extending an invitation to you to join our meeting, but you somehow seem to have foreseen this!
Traveler: Commander?
Paimon: #You're being so formal! It feels like you're treating {NICKNAME} like some kinda... super professional warrior?
Su Ding: Oh, but you have been far more than mere warriors! You have crossed blades with countless monsters and formidable foes during your journey across five nations, and your exploits have been painstakingly recorded and repeatedly analyzed by the armed forces of each nation.
Su Ding: Whether it's the Knights of Favonius, Millelith, Shogunate Samurai, Corps of Thirty, or Maison Gardiennage, each and every one of the armed services has given nothing but the very highest of marks to your combat abilities and stratagems—
Su Ding: #"{NICKNAME} has the capability to lead from the front or command from the rear. If possible, active cooperation must be established with {M#him}{F#her}."
Su Ding: Therefore, I, Staff Officer Su Ding of the Millelith, hereby formally invite you to participate in the Wargame of Five Armies and assume the post of senior consultant therein. What say you to this proposal?
Su Ding: The remuneration package for senior consultants is quite considerable, and their total daily compensation for the duration of the event will be on par with that of a Millelith Sergeant.
Paimon: That's the Millelith for you, straight to the point... A Sergeant's pay, eh? Now that sounds tempting...
Traveler: But we still don't know what the deal is.
Su Ding: Do not be concerned about that. I shall now present a detailed introduction of the event for your benefit.
Su Ding: As you have seen, large numbers of monsters still roam the wilderness of Teyvat, and they cannot be eradicated in any sort of short timeframe.
Su Ding: In order to effectively deal with the monster threat, the armed services of our neighboring nations are compiling intel regarding commonly encountered monsters, seeking to analyze the threat they pose and share knowledge amongst ourselves.
Su Ding: To this end, the Millelith General Staff has created tabletop gamepieces based on all kinds of monsters in order to simulate hostile confrontations, and from this, analyze their combat capabilities to the best of our ability.
Su Ding: For this iteration of the Wargame, we've invited members serving in various combat units to utilize their own radically different mindsets and perspectives to control the gamepieces, finding the optimal method to suppress the monster threat.
Su Ding: And as you are not a part of any of the armies, and are a rare tactical genius, you can provide an especially valuable analytical angle, greatly increasing the scope and efficiency of our Wargame.
Paimon: Paimon thinks she gets it... So you guys are having a meeting to discuss... the most convenient and safest way to deal with monsters?
Paimon: Now you're talking Paimon's language! After all, we've got first-hand experience dealing with dangerous baddies from all over, and we've also played lots of chess-like board games before!
Paimon: If we can help a bunch of countries keep the peace just by playing games like we did before, and also get a pile of Mora while we're at it... Does that count as a whole flock of birds with one stone?
Traveler: Casually game some war, save the day!
Su Ding: That is precisely the enthusiasm, the ability to calmly rise to any challenge, displaying your awesome skills and solving crises as easily and naturally as breathing...
Su Ding: The board is ready, and we can begin the simulation at any time. Let us witness the unique strategic prowess possessed only by a genius commander such as yourself!
Traveler: Looks like this time I might want to take things a bit more seriously...
Su Ding: Please, relax, and just use the same mentality as you do when you usually confront monsters. You've earned yourself a reputation for being utterly unflappable among the soldiers of every nation.
Traveler: We don't know anything about Wargaming...
Traveler: Join what meeting now?