# Missing title (4213765519)

Wolfy: Oh no! Sorry! Guests, hello!
Wolfy: I've been waiting here for the longest time, and nobody came... I was only planning to rest my eyes for a bit, but the sofa was so comfy, I guess I dozed off...
Paimon: Eek! The toy can talk!
Wolfy: Sure can! Talking is one of the things I can do. Alright, sooo... Ah, yes! Introductions are in order, aren't they?
Wolfy: Greetings, my dear guests. My name is... uh...
Wolfy: ...Wait. What's my name?
Paimon: Uh, not sure we can help you with that one, buddy... Guess you were in a pretty deep sleep, huh? Seems like you're still waking up.
Traveler: You're Sir Howlsworth.
Wolfy: Huh? Really!?
Paimon: We're, uh, just messing with you, hehe...
Paimon: #Anyway, Paimon's name is Paimon, and this is {NICKNAME}. ...Okay, great, that went well. At least this mysterious room doesn't rob everyone of their memories.
Wolfy: I must apologize... I must have slept for so long that I can't remember what's real and what was a dream anymore. I did have a lot of dreams while I was asleep...
Wolfy: Okay, concentrate... Alright, so — if I'm not mistaken... the current me is a "concierge," in charge of attending to any guests that find themselves here. Ah yes, and you may call me "Wolfy."
Paimon: Okay. But, um, if all you can remember are your dreams, what makes you think any of them are real experiences? They're just products of your imagination, right?
Wolfy: You mean... If it comes from my imagination, it... can't be real life? Well, it sounds like you know more about that kind of thing than I do. I can't tell the difference at all...
Wolfy: I remember a time when a horrid curse was put on me. My heart was cased in unmelting ice, and I had to spend my days in agonizing solitude, surrounded by nothing but boundless tundra...
Wolfy: I also remember playing with White Fang in the misty forest. We chased golden butterflies, waded through rushing streams, and shattered the very moon beneath our feet...
Wolfy: And I'll never forget marching in that celebratory procession with the other troops, being showered in confetti as I excitedly waited for Her Majesty the Queen to bestow her honor upon me... Ah, it was glorious!
Wolfy: To me, all these events are indistinguishable from real experiences. Take my latest dream for instance. I remember being in a garden of forking paths, and Madame Mage said to me...
Wolfy: "From now on, you are a concierge. Be sure to treat your guests well!"
Wolfy: Then I found myself here. And like I said, I waited, and waited, and waited... and now, finally, two guests have arrived! At last, I can fulfill my duty.
Wolfy: Is there anything else you'd like to ask me?
Traveler: About Madame Mage...
Paimon: Yeah, who is this Madame Mage? Is she really just a figure from your dream? Seems like there could be more to it than just that...
Wolfy: Well... Madame Mage is Madame Mage. Just as you, dear guests, are guests.
Wolfy: Her and her friends — oh, yes, and they're all mages, too! Each one of them is a master of their own type of magic. Conjuring, illusions, and so on.
Wolfy: One of them uses a quill pen to cast her spells. She has a very mysterious ink bottle that contains "fantasy truth." I had a little taste when she wasn't looking, and oh my goodness, it was bitter... blech...
Wolfy: But the other mages all love her magic. They use their powers of creation to transform her "fantasy truth" into "true fantasy."
Wolfy: How do they do that? I haven't the slightest idea. I'm just a toy, with stuffing for brains...
Traveler: About this room...
Paimon: Yeah, what is this place? We came in here through this one door in the library, but we were never able to open it before...
Wolfy: Ah, well, congratulations on your successful entry, dear guests! This is a special room, one that can only be accessed by those who are invited!
Wolfy: Seeing as you two have this privilege, you can invite your friends to enter as well!
Wolfy: On that note, I'd better tidy up this place as quickly as possible. Oh, and I should prepare some tea and snacks too. You don't mind if they're on the sweeter side, do you?
Paimon: Of course not! ...Wait, before we get ahead of ourselves, mind telling us where we are exactly? Are we even still in Mondstadt?
Wolfy: Hmm. That is a difficult question. Madame Mage created this room using magic, and I don't know magic...
Wolfy: Still, you have my guarantee as concierge that this is a safe and comfortable place. I sincerely hope you enjoy your time here.
Traveler: About that book and the battle we just fought...
Wolfy: Yes, I saw! You were magnificent! I was completely enraptured by your performance.
Paimon: ...What do you mean "performance"?
Wolfy: Well, Madame Mage says that every page of a storybook is a segment of the "present."
Wolfy: I'm sure only the most distinguished of guests are able to take the stage as the story's protagonists, and put on a show as spectacular as yours!
Wolfy: What a thrilling battle... Yes, that's what every story needs to spice things up! Naturally, those are the kinds of stories I love reading the most.
Wolfy: I wonder what would make a good title for a book about your magnificent performance? Should we call it a saga? An epic? A tale of conquest? A chronicle of combat? Ah, choices, choices.
Wolfy: In any case, I do hope you will be so kind as to indulge us with more of your fine performances. ...In fact, scratch that — I'm afraid I shall have to insist! The story of the "present" is waiting to be written, and you, dear guests, are the ones to fill its pages!
Traveler: That's all I wanted to ask.
Paimon: This place is getting more confusing by the second... But Wolfy seems alright. So... we should be fine, right? Besides...
Paimon: Our goal is to set foot in every corner of Teyvat... And the courage to boldly go where others dare not to tread is what will take us there.
Wolfy: Wow, what a wonderful line! Spoken like a true adventurer!
Paimon: You bet! We're the real deal!
Wolfy: Is that so? Well then, I'd better make sure I do my duty as concierge of this place. I hope this can be somewhere for you to rest and recuperate when you're weary, so that you can embark on your next adventure refreshed and renewed.
Wolfy: Come back here anytime if you get tired. I'll be sure to take good care of you!
Traveler: An Honorary Knight, much renowned and loved by all.