# Concocted Reaction

Bahador: How did this fall to me? Couldn't we have assigned this task to a more experienced senior student?
Traveler: Hmm? Are you running some event here as well?
Bahador: Eh!? Oh, Traveler, um... Yes, yes, we are indeed... running an event.
Bahador: Well, I say it's an event, but really, it's... a Domain that awaits exploration.
Traveler: Does this Domain have anything to do with the Gala?
Bahador: *sigh* Oh, let's not even get into that. I only came to be in charge of this affair because of the Gala.
Bahador: Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Bahador from Spantamad, and our research lies in the field of alchemy, the elements, and topics like that...
Bahador: So, I was assigned this task, but as much as I've thought about it, I couldn't think of a game that our Darshan could run.
Bahador: Putting up a crafting bench to do public alchemical experiments would be too boring...
Bahador: And there was no way we could run some demonstration of Elemental Reactions. If something went wrong, the whole site might go up in smoke — and what would we do then?
Bahador: In the end, I had to ask the Adventurers' Guild for help, and it was with their aid that I found this Domain.
Bahador: Several of my fellow students and I went inside to investigate, and to be honest, it is an utter mess in there.
Bahador: As such, we developed a few potions specialized for use inside this Domain.
Bahador: And well, that's our Darshan's specialty demonstrated now, eh? Hahaha...
Bahador: So if you're interested, Traveler, take these potions with you and go investigate the Domain. I'll mark its location on your <color=#00E1FFFF>map</color>.
Traveler: Has anyone come to... uh, play this game?
Traveler: Has anyone other than me taken part?
Bahador: Q—Quite a few adventurers did come to give this a go! They were quite excited, too.
Bahador: But I must say that very few of our fellow students did...
Bahador: *sigh* Whatever the case may be, you can go in as long as you're interested.
Bahador: The adventurers who tried this earlier rated it as being "very challenging."
Bahador: Ah, yes, for when you do go, I will have some potions here for you. Stay safe when exploring that Domain, alright?