# The Interview

Lyney: I'm very sorry, Charlotte, but my sister and I are quite busy today. I'm afraid we will have to decline this interview...
Charlotte: Oh, please, Lyney? I'll only take a moment of your time! If you would be so kind!
Paimon: Huh. What's happening here?
Charlotte: I spent all night writing my piece about The Phantom Weasel, and it was going to go to print this morning...
Charlotte: But just as dawn broke, I suddenly received news that Cesar's fiancée, Jemma, had contacted the Gardes and confessed to having been the real Phantom Weasel all along!
Paimon: That was quick!
Lyney: Ahem.
Charlotte: Hmm?
Lynette: Too late, bro.
Charlotte: Hohoho! "That was quick," you say? It sounds like I've got some catching up to do! Please, fill me in.
Paimon: Hehe, whoops!
Charlotte: Aha! My instincts did not lead me astray — you DO have something to hide! Jemma turning herself in must have something to do with Lyney's performance last night!
Lyney: Maybe watching my high-altitude escape trick reminded her of a better time with Cesar, and she could no longer ignore the voice of her conscience.
Charlotte: Huh, okay then... Wait, no no no, there must be more to it! If that's all it took for her to have a change of heart, how did it take her ten whole years?
Lyney: Umm... Well...
Traveler: (Charlotte's journalistic spirit is burning red — we're going to have to distract her somehow...)
Charlotte: Ah, I remember now! You and Jemma were nowhere to be found after the show... What happened between you?
Charlotte: Quickfire question! Where did you all go after the show?
Paimon: Oh, we went to the cemetery, and Lyney did a private magic trick, just for us!
Paimon: Actually, glad you mentioned it, 'cause that reminds Paimon. Guess what? Lyney's started using Rainbow Roses in his tricks!
Lyney: *cough*
Lynette: ...What?
Lynette: I don't recall ever having received a Rainbow Rose from you myself. Is this supposed to mean that they're more important to you than your own sister?
Lyney: No! I, I just, uh...
Paimon: #What the... What now? Oh, did Paimon say something wrong again, Traveler?
Paimon: #This is getting pretty awkward... What do we do, Traveler?
Charlotte: *sigh* Seems like this interview wasn't meant to be. Well, never mind — there's always next time.
Charlotte: Forgive my persistence, but when there's explosive news waiting to be found, I can't turn away! The news about Jemma has already made waves, and I'll stop at nothing to get to the bottom of it all!
Charlotte: Apparently, one of the things she said to the Gardes was that her "final wish is to see Lorenzo one last time." *sigh* There's clearly a web of complicated relationships there... Can't blame me for being curious.
Charlotte: Alright, I guess I'll leave you to continue the rest of your conversation in peace. Bye for now!
Paimon: Um, Lynette, Paimon didn't mean to—
Lynette: Don't worry, I wasn't angry. I was just trying to distract her.
Paimon: Oh, really? Thank goodness. You scared Paimon there!
Lyney: Phew, you and me both, Paimon, you and me both... At least it did the job, right?
Lynette: ...Please take good care of that Rainbow Rose.
Lynette: I'd be really upset if you lost it.