# Missing title (3718564215)

Fischl: Ohoho! So this is the rumored sacred land that people name the Furball Fortress! And yet it is furnished in such a prosaic manner — shabby, one might even call it.
Fischl: Surely a few... swings woven from the vines of purple agate grapes might be built! Pure silver lamps mounted with candles made of abyssal sea salt, all the better to light the cat-feeding platters with the motifs of nightborne stars!
Fischl: And... Yes, statues! Forged in the image of cat familiars by melting the venerable coinage of lost dynasties and adorning them with strange pearls and dewdrops from the depths of a fjord. Surely, this would make for an amenable choice!
Fischl: You surely must agree, do you not, dear familiar...
Fischl: ...Hmm. You have yet to declare your name to your Prinzessin. Think on that, then, and know that it shall be your utmost honor to be known to her!
Dopey: Meow?
Paimon: His name is "Dopey," esteemed Prinzessin!
Paimon: Dopey isn't the brightest, and he can't really understand or appreciate your exquisite choice of words. Please, show him clemency, Prinzessin...
Paimon: Hey, wait, no, that's not right! Why does Paimon get like this whenever she sees Fischl?
Traveler: Nothing wrong with that, let me give it a whirl too!
Fischl: Haha, as I anticipated! Cat Conjurors, thou hath once more been brought before our august person by the weavings of the threads of fate...
Fischl: 'Tis a most pleasing reunion!
Paimon: What a title... Looks like Fischl heard about us from Valerina!
Fischl: By your counsel, much thought have I given of late within Immernachtreich to realize the ingenuities obtained from prior experiences, and...
Fischl: I have decided to select the most sagacious and sensible of cat familiars to accompany my eminent person on my sojourns!
Dopey: Meow~
Paimon: Oh, so you were also planning on taking care of a cat, Fischl? Well, understandable. Most people want to have their own after seeing just so how adorable they are!
Paimon: But Fischl, don't you already have Oz?
Paimon: And the two of you tend to move really fast, can a cat keep up? Or... Are you gonna have Oz fly while carrying the cat?
Fischl: Hmph! I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, often traverse three thousand universes. Though such a journey may not be long, having more suitable companions and gaining insight into things easily overlooked... naturally wouldn't hurt.
Fischl: Oz also would like to have a cat familiar to play... *cough* Ahem, to join forces with to guarantee that my mood shall shine bright as moonlight every second of every day!
Fischl: Yet, 'tis a shame that though Oz went to great pains to don a form that sets most at ease, he could not diminish his majesty fully, and could not approach the cat familiars.
Fischl: Whenever dear Oz gets within five paces of a cat familiar, their fur shall inadvertently stand on end and inflate like a Bloatty Floatty unmoored. Any closer, and terror overtakes them, and they flee for the hills.
Fischl: The Anemo Archon's devoted and loyal nuns recommended that Oz repose without, and as their advice was sound, I graciously assented.
Paimon: Majesty? Oh, right, Paimon gets it...
Paimon: You mean that Oz's body has so much Electro energy that the second he enters the Furball Fortress, all the feline fur gets electri-fried, right?
Paimon: But if that's true, then how could a cat ever travel with you, Fischl...?
Paimon: If only there was some material in Teyvat that could block the effects of Electro!
Paimon: Then we could make cat clothes out of that material, and then a cat could travel with you and Oz, no problem!
Dopey: Meow?
Traveler: Gimme! Give it to me first!
Paimon: But now that Paimon thinks about it, elemental power is super-duper-mega strong! If there was a material that could just easily resist something as powerful as the elements... That would be too good to be true!
Paimon: We probably shouldn't stand around daydreaming!
Fischl: Ah, the naivete! Do not jump to judge a cat familiar's talents through common sense! The semantic resources of mere mortal words struggle to accurately convey their properties.
Fischl: Perhaps somewhere in this world there exists a cat familiar that can... dive deep into the depths, endure in an inferno, and ride upon the wind! Such a special entity would surely have no fear of thunder or lightning.
Fischl: So long as I am patient in my search, I shall find it — forsooth, even if I should seek for ten years or a hundred, it shall be but a fleeting instant in the Immernachtreich!
Fischl: Additionally, the devotion to one's development in life is as important as the innate nature one is born with. I see this "Dopey" has immense potential. Perhaps after joining my retinue for a spell, it will become all the more familiar with the power of Electro!
Fischl: By happenstance, I, the Prinzessin, have disentangled a million myriad menial affairs, thus allowing myself a tincture of time to spare. Perhaps, then, it shall not hurt, endeavoring to stay here and familiarize myself with these cat familiars... particularly this "Dopey"!
Dopey: Meow!
Paimon: Hehe! Then Paimon hopes you'll have fun here in the Furball Fortress, Fischl!
Traveler: Those Electro Slimes will be no match once I have donned this panoply of war!
Traveler: I, the Great Cat Conjuror, sincerely pay my humble respects!