# Missing title (3408854103)

Aramuhukunda: How nostalgic. It's been hundreds of years since I last saw such a sight... It's thanks to you that I could see Vanarana's dreamscape again.
Paimon: Wow! So you're actually that old...?
Traveler: This is the first time I've heard Aranara use the word "years"...
Aramuhukunda: Is that so? Maybe it's because I've absorbed more memories and knowledge. In Vanarana's dreamscape, there is no day and night. Everything is tranquil and peaceful.
Aramuhukunda: We have long lifespans too, so we have very little concept of time. We measure the passage of time by the growth of trees, the blooming of flowers, the rising of the moon, and so on.
Aramuhukunda: If we are going to have Festival Utsava, we should bear the Bija soon, right?
Paimon: Yes... Speaking of which, what is a Bija? Araja and Arama didn't explain much about it before.
Aramuhukunda: You have become friends with Aranara, so you should have heard about the principle of the Ararakalari. Do you know of it?
Traveler: Arana mentioned the power of memory...
Aramuhukunda: Arana, huh? How nostalgic. I hope Arana's alright. A little hotheaded, yes, but I doubt you would have been told about this if that one hadn't considered you a friend.
Aramuhukunda: Bija is a fruit made from extracted dreams and memories — the crystallization of all that is precious to us Aranara. It is a fruit, but it is also a seed of hope.
Aramuhukunda: Bija can help to realize dreams, so long as these dreams are meant to help others. I'm sure that you and the Aranara preparing this Bija do have such wishes, yes?
Traveler: We want to save Rana.
Aramuhukunda: #Yes, then there is no problem. Since Nara {NICKNAME} is a friend to Aranara, please take this.
Traveler: This is...
Paimon: A flower... Arana, Aranakin, and the others also gave us flowers...
Aramuhukunda: I see. It seems that this custom has not changed after all these years. I'm glad.
Aramuhukunda: #In the past, Araja, Araji, Arapacati, and I... We all gave flowers to Nara Varuna too. {M#She}{F#He} is a friend we cherish beyond measure.
Aramuhukunda: This type of flower is a symbol of Aranara friendship. Those who take this flower accept Aranara friendship.
Aramuhukunda: We Aranara are not good with words. So it is a point of pride for them that their human friends are willing to accept their flowers.
Aramuhukunda: #And having heard many stories of Nara {NICKNAME}, I believe that to me, you are also a cherished friend. It would thus be a great honor for me if you would accept my flower. Thank you.
Traveler: You're too kind.
Aramuhukunda: #We will surely meet again. The next time we meet, Nara {NICKNAME}, Paimon, I hope you will come to my house.
Paimon: Ah, he disappeared...
Paimon: What a strange Aranara! Come on, let's go check on the others!
Traveler: Thank you.
Traveler: Thank you.
Traveler: Arana hopes to save a friend.
Traveler: Your concept of time is different from other Aranara...