# Missing title (950838991)

Paimon: Huh. Kachina, is that you?
Kachina: #{NICKNAME}? Paimon? Huh, didn't expect to see you here!
Kachina: Wait, are you here on some sort of super-awesome commission? Is it about the Spiritway over there?
Traveler: Our present commission is pretty awesome, yes.
Paimon: Speaking of which, the person who commissioned us is also from the Children of Echoes. Maybe you know each other...
Black Screen Text: You describe your encounter with "Dopey Dazzler," her views on graffiti, and her invitation for you to study avant-garde thought...
Kachina: Oh, so that's who you met? I know her.
Kachina: She doesn't look like a big deal, quite like me, in fact. But if you get her talking, she can go on forever... If you hang out with her a bit more, you might see a... different side to Natlan, I guess?
Paimon: Did you become friends after she invited you to draw graffiti with her as well?
Kachina: Well, not really? We met by chance...
Kachina: That was a long time ago. I was buying fruit at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame with my parents, and there she was, sitting at the paint shop entrance, watching as Acat blended paints.
Kachina: She would sit there for half a day, almost, not moving a muscle, as though she could see something special in all those different colors.
Kachina: She was so focused at that moment. It was like she couldn't care less about anything except the paints! And so I thought she wouldn't notice me—
Kachina: Only for her to notice the color of my clothes as I passed, then start chatting with me about our favorite colors. It was like she'd become a different person!
Paimon: Well, your clothes are pretty unique! Seems like the Dopey Dazzler's got a good eye for this kind of thing.
Traveler: A fine balance between vitality, simplicity, and innocence.
Paimon: Ooh, that's right! Why didn't Paimon think about that... But yeah, you look just right!
Paimon: But now you mention it, it sounds like the old Dopey Dazzler was quite different from the person we met. Guess she was... less good at making friends back then?
Kachina: She might just have been like I was, kinda bad at dealing with people. I mean, everyone's busy training for battle or practicing their dancing...
Kachina: By contrast, someone who focuses on painting might find it hard to make friends...
Kachina: Still, I find people who have their own goals and work hard at them super cool!
Kachina: As I watched her study colors and graffiti so intently, I had the feeling... that she'd stick to her goal and follow it to the end — not all that different from a hero of legend, really!
Kachina: Perhaps the lack of recognition from others means that the more serious she gets, the better she'll be in the future?
Paimon: Uhh... kind of? Maybe?
Traveler: The details aren't important.
Kachina: After I met Dopey Dazzler, she invited me to do graffiti together with her, but... Don't get me wrong, I love those pretty patterns. I just don't think I have the talent to come up with anything interesting.
Kachina: She said it was alright, though. Said that her graffiti would record our tribe's famous warriors, and that if I couldn't draw anything good, I could at least become a good drawing.
Kachina: "And when the time comes, let me, a graffiti artist famed across Natlan, be the one to draw a picture of Kachina, the famous warrior..."
Kachina: And boy, did she look dazzling when she was talking about that!
Kachina: ...Still, will I really ever become a warrior worth my salt? Not that I told her so, though. Didn't want to disappoint her...
Kachina: I'd sometimes serve as her audience when she worked on her graffiti. I gave her all the ideas I could. Like... I'd tell her about all the amazing things I've seen while riding Turbo Twirly up on the clifftops.
Kachina: I haven't really hung out with her that many times, but just seeing her so hard at works make me want to work harder too.
Kachina: I've heard that she received inspiration from someone, and has become more talkative as a result, even joining some sort of... grand graffiti gang a few years back.
Paimon: That's right! The Dopey Dazzler's become a real big shot in the Graffiti Alliance, while you've become a cornerstone of your tribe's warriors!
Traveler: The two of you have made great strides.
Kachina: As expected, the Dopey Dazzler's been working hard in her field too...
Kachina: And here I am, still so far away from becoming that "important warrior of the tribe"... Oh, that's right! I've got to get ready for the next tournament!
Paimon: That's right. Let's all do our best, shall we?
Kachina: In that case, I'll leave you to it... I've got to continue practicing, sharpening my skills, and readying myself...
Traveler: The two of you are moving up in life!
Traveler: That's a very "Kachina" line of thought.
Traveler: Almost like the colors of some delicious food.
Paimon: Yeah, like... coffee lemon cake with mint... Ugh, this analogy's making Paimon hungry.
Traveler: Our task is a bit abstract, but it's interesting all the same.