# Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights


## Talk 1

Paimon: Hello, Officer. How's the investigation going?
Traveler: We're Lyney and Lynette's attorneys.
Esmond: Ah, I see. You must be the traveler that Lady Furina mentioned. Listen, I'll be perfectly honest with you... I'd avoid getting mixed up in this whirlpool of a mess if I were you.
Paimon: Huh? What do you mean?
Esmond: Come with me and you'll see.
Esmond: The deceased is one of Lyney's assistants, named Cowell. Even though he hadn't joined the troupe long, he was hardworking and everyone generally liked him.
Esmond: The assistants are usually in charge of setting up and inspecting the props, as well as assisting with the show and keeping the crowd engaged.
Esmond: As you probably saw when you were in the audience, the water tank suddenly fell and smashed the box with Cowell inside it.
Traveler: But why was Cowell inside?
Esmond: This is the real mystery. We've already searched the scene and were unable to find any traces of the girl.
Esmond: However, if you look carefully, the box was positioned directly under the water tank. The ropes holding the tank were then burned by the pyrotechnics on stage, causing them to snap.
Esmond: All these factors lining up so perfectly makes it hard to see this as a mere accident.
Esmond: If anything, the more logical explanation is that the whole incident was intentionally planned, and Lyney is the most likely person to have access to all these areas.
Paimon: But he doesn't have a motive...
Esmond: Are you both good friends of his?
Paimon: Uh, well, you can't say we're "good friends," but we've known each other for, uh, a little while.
Esmond: So in just a short time, he was not only able to win your trust, but even convince you to act as his attorneys.
Esmond: I know there's no such thing as "magic." The real trick of a magician is holding the audience in the palm of their hand.
Esmond: I've seen a lot of cases, and I can tell you that people are the least reliable kind of evidence.
Traveler: But that's not always true.
Esmond: Sorry, I tend to be pretty straightforward... Just know that I'm warning you for your own good.
Esmond: Anyway, you may investigate the scene of the crime yourselves if you're curious. Who knows, maybe you'll be able to come up with some new evidence.
Traveler: People can also be the most reliable evidence.
Traveler: Wasn't the girl supposed to be in there?

## Talk 2

Black Screen Text: While court is adjourned, you meet with Lyney and Lynette backstage in the opera house.
Lyney: Well, this is awkward. I didn't think the Hydro Archon would dig all that up.
Lyney: #I'm sorry, {NICKNAME} and Paimon.
Lynette: Yeah, sorry.
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon doesn't know where to start. We trusted you two!
Paimon: We based our entire reasoning on the assumption that you weren't bad guys!
Paimon: Not to set the wrong tone or anything, but Paimon's really mad!
Lyney: I'm very sorry. I know you're angry, and reasonably so, but please let me explain.
Lyney: I know you've clashed with the Fatui several times before. I wouldn't be surprised if just hearing the word is enough to make you upset.
Lyney: But our organization is very, very large, and the Harbingers have very different personalities and goals.
Lynette: Right now, we want to save people... as many as we can.
Lyney: That's right. I'm sure we're on the same page when it comes to this nation and the disaster that its people might face.
Lyney: I knew if it weren't for our respective identities, we could become good friends...
Lyney: That's why I didn't wish to flat-out lie to you, but chose to hide some details instead.
Lyney: The truth is very important, but being completely transparent about everything would see us spending more effort than we need to.
Traveler: But how can we know this isn't all just another lie?
Lyney: Right. So, you be the judge. Heck, if I were you, I fear that I'd even struggle to trust me at this point.
Lyney: You met a Fatuus who works as a magician, a trickster by trade... all by coincidence, too.
Lyney: But still, I'm asking you to trust me. I am no criminal... at least, not in this case.
Lynette: Sorry, please forgive us.
Paimon: Well, you both say that, but...
Traveler: Explain the other issue first.
Traveler: Where did you actually go while the trick was being performed?
Paimon: Right, let's hear your answer first. And no lies, now!
Lyney: Of course. I'll answer any question you ask.
Lyney: We've been trying to find out how the Oratrice operates. We want to know why it has a consciousness? Why can it deliver sentences accurately?
Lyney: During our investigations, we learned that the machine's core is beneath it.
Lyney: From that moment on, Lynette and I have been designing this box-swap trick, with the objective of getting close to the core.
Paimon: Is that why you needed a whole minute?
Lyney: That's right. In truth, the audience would take about seventy-five seconds to count down from sixty, while I would only need fifteen to get to the opposite box.
Lyney: So after jumping into the tunnel, I accessed the opera house basement via the vent and went to investigate the room in which the core is stored.
Lynette: That air vent was created during the construction of the tunnel specifically to execute this step.
Traveler: And what did you find?
Lyney: Well, nothing. As soon as I reached that room and was about to investigate, I heard someone's voice.
Lyney: Which should have been impossible, of course — I was quite certain that I was the only one in the room.
Lyney: That voice seemed to recognize me and tried to speak to me. I chose to err on the side of caution and retreated the way I came.
Lyney: On the way back, I saw the broken vase and the clothes on the ground, but the countdown was almost finished, so there wasn't time to give it any thought.
Lyney: After that, the homicide occurred just as you saw.
Paimon: Well, that explains why you didn't hear the thud...
Traveler: But why do you want to understand how the Oratrice operates?
Lyney: Because of that prophecy I told you about, of course. We must know all we can about this nation's secrets in order to deal with that prophesied crisis.
Lynette: That's the only way we can save everyone.
Lyney: So, there you have it, the whole truth. I swear, I didn't hide anything from you this time.
Lyney: It was never my wish to proceed under this cloud of mistrust either...
Lyney: But like I said earlier, you can be the judge. If you want to leave because you don't trust the Fatui, there's nothing I can do to stop you.
Paimon: #Well, {NICKNAME}, you decide. Paimon'll follow your lead however you choose.
Traveler: I believe in the facts.
Traveler: I will defend you from these charges.
Traveler: I believe that judgment will be dispensed as it should.
Lyney: Okay. Thank you.
Lynette: Thanks for giving us a chance.
Paimon: The current problem is that the scales are tipped pretty badly against you two...
Paimon: If we wanna refute the Hydro Archon's accusations, we're gonna need a seriously watertight defense.
Traveler: Actually, we already have the key evidence we need.
Paimon: ...Huh?
Traveler: The adjournment's almost over. Let's go back.
Paimon: Hmm. Oh, Paimon thinks she gets what you mean...

## Talk 3

Paimon: So this is the rope that broke and caused the water tank to fall.
Paimon: The rope looks pretty durable! How could it be burned through so quickly by fireworks?
Traveler: (So either Lyney didn't realize this was a safety concern...)
Paimon: #Hmm? Why are you suddenly so serious, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: I'm just looking at where the rope snapped.
Paimon: Whoa! Look, this bit's made from different material!
Paimon: Most of it was burned away, but there's still a little bit of it left.
Traveler: It seems to be flammable.
Paimon: Huh, so if a rope meant to hold something was made with that kind of material in it, then that means...
Paimon: Wait, Paimon should write all this down! Let's take notes!
Traveler: Like a type of flash cotton.
Traveler: (Or...)

## Talk 4

Quentin: The investigation team has some new findings. Turns out there's an issue with the random number selector after all.
Vaughn: See, I told you. What if the machine picked some big guy's seat? You think the murderer would've still made his move then?
Paimon: Sorry to interrupt, but we're helping Lyney and Lynette with their side of the investigation. What were you saying about the number selector? There's something wrong with it?
Quentin: You're trying to help them? Heh, that'll be a tall order.
Vaughn: Lyney used the machine to pick a random member of the audience during his performance, right? The lucky girl that later disappeared.
Vaughn: Well, we thought there might be a serious problem with the machine, so we had it taken away for further inspection.
Quentin: It turns out that the seat number it picked wasn't random at all. The machine picks that same number every time.
Quentin: I'm sure you already know that you have to make a reservation in advance to get a seat, regardless of whether it's a trial or some performance.
Quentin: In other words, Lyney knew who would be sitting where from the very beginning.
Paimon: Hmm, that much checks out. Lyney reserved our seats for us, too...
Quentin: Bet you see why I was saying it'd be tough to make a case for Lyney.
Traveler: Thanks, sorry to bother you.
Paimon: Hmm, even though it's bad for Lyney's case, Paimon had better write it down.

## Talk 5

Esildor: I see that you're investigating the area. Well, it just so happens that I'm interested, too.
Esildor: If you find any new and interesting leads, be sure to share them with me, alright?
Paimon: We don't have too many thoughts yet...
Esildor: Hehe, then why don't I tell you my hypothesis first? The way I see it, it all started with that loud thud.
Paimon: The thud? Oh, you mean the sound that happened during the countdown?
Esildor: Yes, exactly. It wasn't terribly loud, but I suspect that most people heard it.
Esildor: It's just that everyone was awaiting the result of Lyney's trick with bated breath, so no one paid it much mind. But now that the incident has happened, the thud has become an important clue.
Paimon: Hmm, that makes sense. So, what do you make of it?
Esildor: I'm of the opinion that it may have been the sound of Lyney's accomplice — Lynette perhaps — jumping atop the water tank, or something like that.
Esildor: And when the pyrotechnics went off, she cut the rope, sending the water tank crashing down!
Paimon: But wasn't the noise we heard too loud for that?
Esildor: Perhaps the balance wasn't right, leading to a particularly rough landing.
Traveler: Then wouldn't the water tank have started to swing a bit in that case?
Esildor: That's true. Hmm, I suppose I must reconsider...
Paimon: Hmm, that does remind Paimon, though. What was with that sound?

## Talk 6

Paimon: #What do we do, {NICKNAME}? The whole situation is so confusing!
Traveler: I do have some thoughts...
Paimon: Good plan. Impossible things don't just happen, we'll get to the truth one way or another!
Navia: Just relax. Even if everyone else suspects Lyney and Lynette, at least we will be supporting them from the stands.
Navia: Besides, I doubt Furina understands any more about what happened than we do.
Paimon: Thanks, Navia. Well, we'll be going then.
Navia: Best of luck to you.
Lyney: Ah finally, you're back! Well? How did your investigation go?
Paimon: To be honest, you might be disappointed...
Lynette: No, no. We're already very grateful that you were willing to help.
Furina: Well now, don't you all look disappointed? Don't tell me that your investigation came up empty-handed?
Furina: That was to be expected, of course. The guilty can never produce proof of their innocence.
Furina: #But don't let that stop you, {NICKNAME}. I shall be terribly disappointed should you, my most anticipated foe, concede so easily.
Traveler: Just you wait.
Neuvillette: Since both parties are present, I declare that the trial regarding the magic show incident is now in session.
Neuvillette: Firstly, in order for the audience to understand the causes and results of the incident, could we please have Mr. Lyney explain the trick?
Lyney: Yes, of course. I will explain, while Lynette demonstrates onstage. All the necessary items have been prepared.
Black Screen Text: Lyney clearly reveals the details of the magic trick. Everyone in the audience is stunned.
Neuvillette: Thank you, Mr. Lyney. In that case, I take your statement to be that...
Neuvillette: You ran to, and remained hidden within, the magic box in the audience stands once the trick began, and thus could not have committed the crime. Is this correct?
Lyney: Yes, that's correct, Your Honor.
Neuvillette: In that case, I call upon the prosecution — Lady Furina. Do you wish to refute his statement in any way?
Furina: Why, of course I do. Allow me to take the first shot and break this case wide open. Mr. Lyney is clearly lying.
Furina: There is no way you could have been in the box the whole time if you were to abduct Halsey and murder Cowell. In fact, I'd say you were hardly in that tunnel at all!
Lyney: That is simply your hypothesis based on the presumption that I'm guilty.
Furina: Oh, is that so? And if I may ask, what did you hear while you were inside your box?
Lyney: The roaring countdown of the crowd, of course. That's how I kept track of the time and built anticipation for the finale.
Furina: And you didn't hear anything else at all? Nothing that might leave an impression of any kind?
Lyney: No, nothing.
Furina: I see, but when the count reached thirty seconds or so, there was a thud — one so loud that I believe practically everyone heard it.
Lyney: Huh!?
Paimon: Hey, hang on, something's not right here...
Traveler: (How could Lyney not know about that sound?)
Doubtful Audience Member: Yeah, I'm sure he could've heard a noise that loud from inside the box.
Audience: I was right by the box, and I definitely heard the thud.
Paimon: Look at those scales, could those mean...
Traveler: They probably represent the Oratrice's stance on the trial.
Furina: Well then, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to use the words of the magician himself: "You never know what can happen in the blink of an eye." Indeed, it seems his alibi can also collapse in the blink of an eye.
Furina: Of course, I have armed myself to do far more than smash your alibi. Confidence cannot go unfounded, and my foundations are rock-solid.
Furina: Tell me. Aren't you and Lynette actually from the House of the Hearth?
Paimon: The House of the Hearth!?
Traveler: They're... Fatui?
Doubtful Audience Member: No wonder they did something like this.
Audience: So the serial disappearances were the Fatui's doing. Huh, now it all makes sense.
Audience: I've got a feeling that what happened on stage probably wasn't just an accident.
Lyney: That's irrelevant. Our identities have nothing to do with what happened.
Furina: Indeed. Then perhaps you could tell us everything that happened during that one minute.
Furina: Your first priority is to prove yourself innocent, after all. I'm sure there is little that needs to be kept secret now... Unless your "script" already has holes in it.
Furina: (The outlander is speechless. My, oh my, don't they look flabbergasted! Haha, now comes the infighting and discord, I suppose. This was almost too easy!)
Furina: (Aw, good thing I made all those preparations. Seems the all-nighter I pulled last night is really paying off!)
Lyney: ...
Paimon: Hey, Lyney, why didn't you tell us this before!?
Traveler: (Lyney and Lynette are Fatui...)
Neuvillette: Order, order. Mr. Lyney, allow me to re-establish the facts. Lady Furina has raised two points...
Neuvillette: First, when the thud was heard in the opera house, you were neither in the box nor the tunnel. Second, you and Ms. Lynette are both members of the House of the Hearth.
Neuvillette: Are these claims true?
Lyney: ...
Traveler: (There's no doubt about a magician's ability to con others. Given how Lyney has concealed his identity, this could all have been set up beforehand.)
Traveler: (Plus Childe is here in Fontaine along with other House operatives, there must be some scheme at work here.)
Traveler: (I've been a victim of such schemes before, and now...)
Neuvillette: Please answer my question, Mr. Lyney.
Lyney: I'm sorry...
Lyney: Yes, they're true, Your Honor.
Excited Audience Member: I knew it!
Doubtful Audience Member: Well, that's it. We might as well move on to the sentencing already.
Paimon: #What should we do now, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Permission to speak, Your Honor.
Neuvillette: Granted.
Traveler: My client has withheld some key information.
Neuvillette: In that case, what is your request?
Traveler: I request a brief adjournment. There are things that must be discussed.
Audience: Is that really necessary? They're already as good as guilty.
Audience: The defendant deceived their own attorneys. What is there left to discuss?
Neuvillette: Order, order, I say.
Neuvillette: Your request is reasonable and we shall adjourn. This trial will reconvene in one hour.
Furina: Heh, so you would stick to Mr. Lyney's defense even after knowing what you do now? You certainly have more professionalism than I thought.
Furina: In that case, my dear audience, let's allow the joy of victory to steep for a little while longer, haha.
Traveler: My defense cannot proceed.
Traveler: But let's take things step by step.

## Talk 7

Paimon: Hello there. What are you investigating?
Maurice: Hmm? Oh, this location has also been cordoned off because the magic troupe members are currently considered prime suspects. The investigation team is still collecting evidence.
Maurice: The seats were all booked in advance, so we were able to deduce the missing woman's identity by checking the guest list.
Traveler: Could you tell us who she is?
Maurice: Sure, it's not like this is confidential information. We will publish it later anyway when we petition the public to help us find the missing person.
Maurice: Her name is Halsey. She's a painter from Fontaine who's made a bit of a name for herself.
Maurice: Apparently, she wasn't a regular at the opera house, but she'd been feeling some pressure with her work lately, which made her decide to come see the magic show.
Maurice: The magic troupe members all claim not to know her. We have looked into her social connections. It seems that she has no personal grievances or conflicts of interest with the suspects.
Maurice: Simply put, she wasn't related to the magic troupe at all, which matches the features of the previous serial disappearances.
Paimon: Were the victims of the previous cases also chosen at random?
Maurice: That's how it seems to us, in any case. Apart from the fact that they were all young women of around the same age range, there really weren't any other connections between them.
Paimon: Huh... Okay then.
Traveler: Thanks for letting us know all this.
Maurice: No need to be so formal. If you do happen to see the missing girl, please be sure to contact us.
Maurice: It is of utmost importance that we get to the bottom of these disappearances.
Traveler: We're Lyney and Lynette's attorneys.

## Talk 8

Tristane: Sorry, but no one can freely enter or exit the opera house at the moment. If you wish to leave, you must register your identity with us first.
Paimon: Ah, no, we're not leaving... we're representing Lyney and Lynette as attorneys, so we're investigating the case.
Paimon: Were you always guarding this entrance?
Tristane: Yes, after the Chief Justice gave the order, everyone coming in or out must undergo a strict inspection.
Tristane: So the missing girl couldn't have left from here — at least not from that point on.
Traveler: What about during the show?
Tristane: I doubt there was much opportunity then, either.
Paimon: How can you be so sure, hmm?
Tristane: Well, because I was in charge of security near the entrance at that time.
Tristane: I couldn't see Lyney's performance from here, which was quite a shame... Just my luck.
Tristane: But still, I did not abandon my post, and I stayed put no matter how loud the applause was. If someone had so much as even approached the door, I would have noticed it, let alone if they had tried to leave.
Tristane: We Melusines are good at that sort of thing, you know.
Paimon: So, it's safe to say the girl couldn't have left through here...
Paimon: Alright, thanks for your help. This'll be useful info!

## Talk 9

Lynette: Lyney's still talking to the Gardes. It seems he'll have a lot of explaining to do...
Lynette: I think someone will be assigned to monitor us later, but that's alright.

## Talk 10

Black Screen Text: The brief adjournment ends, and the nail-biting trial reconvenes.
Neuvillette: Both parties have returned to their positions. Let us continue the trial.
Neuvillette: When last we left off, Mr. Lyney acknowledged the new evidence presented by Lady Furina as fact. Therefore, Lady Furina may continue stating her reconstruction of the events.
Furina: That took long enough. Now then, if everyone would lend me their attention.
Furina: At this stage, let's revisit that scene from Lyney's perspective.

## Talk 11

Navia: Hey, you! Yes, both of you! Over here! I've been keeping an eye on you for a while now.
Paimon: Huh, you mean us?
Navia: That's right! If I'm not mistaken, you're also among those who wish to cut down the thorns and pursue the truth, no? And by the looks of it, you're not from Fontaine.
Paimon: Well, you're right on the Mora about that one... But who are you?
Navia: Hehehe, have you never heard of the Spina di Rosula?
Navia: From mediating disputes and providing protection, to solving conundrums — you name it, Spina di Rosula does it.
Navia: And I, Navia, have the honor of being its renowned president...
Navia: ...Though those who play by our rules call me "Boss."
Silver: I'm Silver, her attendant. Pleased to meet you.
Melus: And I'm Melus. Demoiselle's various daily needs and affairs are under my purview.
Paimon: Huh? Boss, Demoiselle... What gives with the names?
Navia: Ahem... Well, I am the second-generation president. Melus and the others are still used to my... previous title.
Melus: My apologies, Demoiselle. Should you prefer "Boss," I will endeavor to use that instead.
Navia: No, no need. You don't have to call me Boss, just "Navia" is fine!
Paimon: Okay, if you say so... Not that we're members of Spina di Rosula, anyway!
Navia: Haha, all merely trifling details, never mind. Now, back to the situation at hand.
Traveler: So you want to investigate as well?
Navia: That's right. I've always kept an eye on the serial disappearance cases — my interest stems from a matter back from my father's time.
Navia: Judging from the look of things, I find Lyney an unlikely mastermind.
Paimon: Really? We think so too! That's why we're looking for clues now.
Paimon: But how did you come to that conclusion?
Navia: Intuition, naturally. My unparalleled intuition!
Traveler: Uh, okay...
Navia: Furina sure was quick to point the finger at Lyney without any decisive evidence whatsoever, wasn't she?
Navia: But that's not uncommon for her. If you remember, the Justice had to interrupt her and ask if she was pressing charges just to keep her from getting carried away.
Navia: Anyway, a trial begins the moment someone levels charges. And of course, there was no way Furina was going to back down in that situation.
Paimon: Sounds more like you just don't trust the Hydro Archon.
Navia: Well, what's your opinion? I must admit that she can be interesting at times, but liking her doesn't mean that I'll blindly agree with her.
Traveler: Well, when you put it like that...
Navia: Alright, I've answered your question. Now it's time you answer mine.
Paimon: Wait a minute, did that answer count?
Navia: Well, I say it does. But don't worry! You won't hear any pointless questions from me!
Navia: In your opinion, do you think it's right to treat a trial like it's an opera?
Paimon: Um, well...
Traveler: Not always.
Navia: And why would that be?
Traveler: Doing so makes it easy for the truth to fall by the wayside.
Navia: Hahaha! See, Silver and Melus? I told you they'd be different!
Melus: Most astute of you, Demoiselle. I, too, think that the Traveler's response was most excellent.
Melus: No matter how wonderful the script or how fervent the audience's expectations may be, the trials that go on stage here must be based in fact.
Melus: And if that can be done, Boss, then—
Navia: Alright, that's quite enough, Melus. Anyway, I like your answer. You pass with flying colors!
Navia: Now, I need to make some preparations, following which our joint investigation shall commence... You two shall be my assistants!
Paimon: Wait, since when did we become assistants!?
Navia: Hmm? Oh. Well, I can be the assistant, sure — or your companion, if you like. I'm really not that fussy.
Paimon: Hmph. That's more like it.
Traveler: I think you're missing the point, Paimon...
Melus: Far be it from me to brag, but I believe that Demoiselle's intuition will be instrumental in uncovering the truth.
Melus: You wish to save a friend from false accusations, and we wish to unravel the disappearances. In this sense, our goals are aligned.
Paimon: Hmm, you have a point. You're quite the talker, aren't you, mister?
Paimon: And what about you over there? What do you think? You seem like you've got something on your mind.
Silver: I have nothing to add.
Paimon: Oh, alrighty then...
Navia: We'll be making some preparations first. Just be sure to let us know if they start revealing Lyney's tricks. Thanks!
Traveler: Seems you've already agreed, then.
Traveler: Something serious like a trial shouldn't be treated like entertainment.

## Talk 12

Molly: Understood, then I will be going with you. Just so you're aware, I will be monitoring your actions and making notes as necessary.
Lyney: Very good, thanks for being so agreeable. I'd pull a rose out of my hat as a gift for you, if I could.
Molly: You may spare the pleasantries. I'm just doing my job.
Lynette: You've arrived. Ah, who's this?
Navia: Me? I'm Spina di Rosula's guardian angel... If you've got a problem, I've got the firepower.
Navia: Haha, sorry. I got a little carried away there... Call me Navia. I'm a partner of theirs, and will be helping investigate this whole situation.
Navia: And these are my companions. Would you mind if they join as well?
Lynette: Fine by me...
Lyney: Oh, new helpers? I would be most grateful!
Navia: Well, let's just say we're tagging along... It's not every day that you get to see the secrets behind magic performed on such a large scale!
Lyney: Hehe, I appreciate your kind interest. Come with me, we'll be heading below stage.
Paimon: Huh? Below stage?
Lyney: Yes, a world of secrets is hidden beneath this magic box, prepared specifically for this switcheroo trick.
Lyney: But before I reveal everything, you should have a look first. Notice anything strange here?
Lyney: I'm not trying to be dramatic, remembering the details of a trick will help you understand the methods used to perform it more easily.
Navia: Huh. Weren't there balloons and other decorations here? Where did all that go?
Lyney: Ah, good eye! That said, you're still far from discovering the answer.
Traveler: The back of the door isn't the same.
Paimon: Uh... "The back"? You mean the inside of the door? What's different about it? Paimon didn't notice anything...
Lyney: Haha, very good indeed. I thought you might not be able to catch that, given that you were sitting in the first row.
Lyney: The back of this door was patterned. Those patterns are now gone, replaced by a smooth wooden board.
Lyney: So if you put two and two together, what do you get?
Traveler: Wait, does that mean...
Lyney: Haha, exactly! Alright, let's go. I'll tell you how it works as we head down.
Traveler: There's another box inside this one?

## Talk 13

Paimon: Oh, so there was a passageway under the magic box!
Traveler: And this passage linked the two boxes together.
Lyney: Haha. I knew you'd figure out most of it as soon as you saw this place.
Lyney: The two magic boxes are positioned right above the two entrances of the tunnel.
Lyney: See this flatbed trolley?
Lyney: The box with the lucky audience member in it would be shuttled over to the other side using the trolley.
Lynette: This trolley can raise and lower, and even rotate, ensuring that the box will face in the right direction.
Navia: I see, so that's the purpose of the box inside another box!
Lyney: Precisely. The inner box would descend after the audience member was put inside and be moved along on the trolley, all while the outer box would remain onstage, as if nothing had ever changed.
Paimon: So that's how you did it!
Lyney: Once the box was lowered, the trolley would store some energy through this device here, with which it would complete the rest of the steps.
Lyney: The audience member would only be able to feel some slight movements in the dark, and by the time she walked out, she would already be back onstage.
Traveler: Then what about your side of the trick?
Paimon: Right. You were talking that whole time, and you even came out for a moment near the end.
Lyney: Ah yes, a phonograph operated by Lynette was used to achieve that effect.
Lyney: My assistant and I had already scripted our conversation beforehand. When the countdown began, I had already gone to the opposite box via a tunnel using that ladder.
Navia: And what about Lynette? Where was she?
Lynette: I was in a mezzanine space in the back of the box.
Paimon: Oh, interesting!
Lynette: That's how we were able to coordinate Lyney's lines with the assistant... And by the way, I was the one who walked out of the box at the end.
Lyney: I mean, we are twins. All it takes is a change of clothes and no one can tell who's who, hehe.
Lyney: And that's my favorite part of this trick — only Lynette and I can perform it.
Paimon: So that's how it all worked. Wow, every detail you revealed was more amazing than the last!
Traveler: I can tell a lot of thought was put into this.
Lyney: Lynette would briefly walk out of the box and then go back in, jumping into the tunnel and escaping before the box on the trolley could finish ascending.
Lyney: And then I walk out of the other box in the audience area, and the trick would be complete... the operative word here being "would."
Lyney: But as you saw, Cowell was in the box, not our audience member — she, on the other hand, mysteriously vanished.
Lynette: We really don't know how that happened.
Navia: If not for that interlude, this would have been an astonishing trick. I probably never would have figured out how you pulled it off...
Navia: And yet, to think that someone was able to use this magic trick to commit a crime.
Navia: Could we have a look around? I think we can come up with some more leads.
Molly: This is the scene of the crime, so Lyney and Lynette are not permitted to stay here. I'll escort them back up.
Lyney: Yes, of course, no need to be so strict now. I won't disappear into thin air, you know.
Lynette: Thanks, everyone. We're counting on you.

## Talk 14

Navia: What's this?
Paimon: Looks like a hook tied to the end of a rope. Huh, there's all kinds of odds and ends here.
Traveler: Lyney didn't mention this earlier.
Navia: Perhaps it was a prop for a different trick? But why would it have been left here?
Paimon: Whatever it is, let's make a note of it first.

## Talk 15

Melus: The floor is wet. Please be careful not to slip.
Navia: Speaking of which, why would there be water here?
Traveler: Maybe it was for a trick?
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows. It's one of those tricks where you pour water into a jug, and then flip the jug over, only for the water to disappear!
Paimon: And here's a broken vase... Huh. Did the trolley knock it down while moving?
Navia: That can't be. The trolley moves along tracks from start to finish. It couldn't have hit the vase at this distance.
Paimon: Hmm, let's note this down too and think about it later.

## Talk 16

Navia: Oh, these are the clothes that the lady chosen from the audience was wearing, right?
Navia: Her clothes are here, but she's nowhere to be found...
Traveler: Lyney didn't mention the guest having a wardrobe change.
Paimon: Right, and do you really need to do that if you're kidnapping them?
Paimon: Ugh, this is so confusing. Paimon doesn't wanna be a detective anymore...

## Talk 17

Paimon: What is this place?
Traveler: Looks like a vent.
Silver: It seems someone could fit through here.
Navia: Hmm, could this have been the suspect's escape route?
Melus: Alone, perhaps. But if they had to pull another person with them, this space would be too narrow.
Paimon: But there are no other ways in or out of here.
Traveler: Other than those that go through the magic boxes.
Paimon: Ah, you're right! Let Paimon write that down...
Traveler: And Lyney and Lynette were in the two magic boxes.

## Talk 18

Navia: Well, we've ascertained the state of the crime scene.
Navia: Let's find a place to sort out our findings once Melus returns. It seems to me that there are several things that don't add up here.
Melus: Apologies for the wait, Demoiselle.
Navia: So what did the Gardes say? Did the criminal escape through the vent?
Melus: They believe the odds of that are very low, since the vent leads to the opera house's basement.
Melus: The Gardes have checked the area carefully. No one left through the basement during the performance or after the incident, and no one was found hiding there.
Paimon: So the tunnel's become like a "secret chamber," then? Y'know, like the kind you usually see in novels?
Traveler: It would seem so.
Navia: Hmm, the plot thickens... Halsey's disappearance and Cowell's death are both quite inexplicable.
Navia: No wonder Furina was so confident in her accusation. All the current evidence points toward Lyney and Lynette.
Melus: In other words, the "charges" are very likely to be upheld unless we make some considerable progress.
Paimon: Charges and then trial... So, if the charges are upheld, they'll announce a sentence?
Navia: That's right. This is how a trial goes in the opera house — during the proceedings, the Chief Justice and the Oratrice will hear statements from both sides.
Traveler: The Oratrice will too?
Navia: That's right. This is how Indemnitium is produced.
Navia: The statements from both sides, the defenses from attorneys, witness testimonies, and even the audience's emotions will all be projected on the Oratrice.
Navia: To put it simply, it's as if the Oratrice has its own will, and is a judge in its own right.
Melus: This also precludes any kind of favoritism on the part of the Chief Justice... Not that this has ever happened anyway.
Traveler: Fascinating.
Navia: Once both sides have finished speaking, the Chief Justice will make his final decision. This, too, will be used by the Oratrice as a reference.
Navia: Then finally, the Oratrice will be consulted by officials. The result it returns is the will of "justice" itself.
Paimon: Huh? So that machine is the one that actually decides? Paimon thought Neuvillette called the shots!
Melus: In practice, there is very little difference. Both have always come to the same judgment — which is why people have great faith in the Chief Justice.
Melus: Ah, yes. The Gardes also asked me to convey that none of us will be allowed to leave this place before the trial.
Paimon: Huh? Why!?
Melus: Because we've chosen to act as the twins' proxies. That makes us persons related to the case.
Navia: They're concerned that we might be colluding with outside parties, or that we might find outside help to disrupt the case...
Navia: And even if that were not so, it could prove problematic if we happened to spread key information about the case ahead of time.
Silver: I'm ready to break out at any time.
Paimon: Whoa, whoa! There's no need for that! Paimon thinks they have a point. That said... are they providing food?
Melus: Of course, I just hope you don't mind the lack of options. I'm afraid that catering to all tastes is not in the cards, nor is any guarantee of balanced nutrition.
Traveler: Now's not the time to be picky.
Navia: In that case, let's just sort out our findings together here. Pity, I was hoping to take you to try some of Fontaine's famous desserts, too.
Navia: I mean, what better way to properly think through our findings than over some tea and sweets?
Paimon: Huh, breaking out suddenly doesn't seem like such a bad idea after all...
Traveler: Paimon.
Paimon: Just kidding, just kidding... Paimon will still do her best even if there are no snacks!
Navia: Hmm? What do you mean "no snacks"? Of course we'll have snacks! If we cannot buy some, then we'll simply make some.
Paimon: Huh? Here? But how?
Melus: Understood, Demoiselle. Everyone, please come with me.
Paimon: Wait, you're carrying a portable stove with you?
Melus: Yes. I must be prepared to meet the Demoiselle's baking needs whenever the fancy strikes her.
Silver: I have eggs, sugar, and almonds at the ready.
Navia: Hahaha. Good work, you two. Then I'll get to it. Please sit tight for a moment, you'll get to taste my awesome snacks soon enough!
Paimon: These three are quite the interesting group...
Traveler: Must be a Spina di Rosula thing.
Black Screen Text: Navia methodically handles the ingredients and pulls fresh macarons out of the oven in short order.
Paimon: Ooh, and Paimon thought it smelled good while it was still in the oven, it's even better now! Paimon can't stop drooling!
Paimon: From the way you had these two guys carrying all that stuff around, Paimon thought you'd have them do more during the baking process.
Paimon: But you ended up doing the entire thing by yourself... beating the egg whites, grinding almonds, everything.
Silver: I was applauding.
Melus: And I was giving encouraging smiles.
Traveler: Uh, that's not quite what Paimon meant, but okay...
Paimon: Paimon was just thinking, aren't you worried about getting your fancy dress dirty beating egg whites and baking like this?
Navia: Haha! Well, I don't think it's carved in stone anywhere that fancy ladies can only read books, sip tea, ride horses, and play the piano. I just really enjoy making snacks.
Navia: Don't underestimate beating egg whites, by the way. It's a real arm workout! You also need to beat them to just the right consistency, or your macarons will crack.
Navia: Anyway, give these a try, fresh out of the oven! There's three for each of us.
Paimon: Only three?
Navia: Well, eating too many sweet treats might send all that sugar to your head. You wouldn't be able to think clearly about the case on a sugar rush, would you?
Melus: Tea is ready to be served as well. This is Demoiselle's favorite, strong black tea with a floral fragrance that clears the mind and lifts the spirit.
Traveler: Thank you.
Melus: No need for concern. I'm merely doing as I should.
Navia: Alright then, down to business. As Paimon mentioned previously, the tunnel seems to be something of a secret chamber...
Navia: However, we can assume that Lyney and Lynette were not alone within it. Some criminal also occupied its sealed confines.
Navia: The magician twins could have committed the crimes, of course, but they lack any logical motive.
Paimon: Exactly! Why would they do such a thing right when everyone was watching?
Traveler: So apart from the twins...
Navia: The flower vase and the thud we heard during the performance could indicate some altercation between Halsey and the criminal in the tunnel.
Navia: Resulting in the shattering of the vase, the discarding of her clothes, and her abduction...
Navia: Perhaps the criminal thought that since she was chosen from the crowd, she would be too easy to identify if she was still wearing the same clothes...
Paimon: Paimon thinks that makes sense, but the real trouble is...
Traveler: There's no evidence that this "third person" even exists.
Navia: True. None of the clues we've found thus far support the existence of this third person.
Navia: But the only people left to consider are both technically victims, whether it's the missing girl, Halsey, or poor Cowell...
Paimon: Huh, could Halsey have secretly made modifications to the magic props in order to murder Cowell before making her escape?
Traveler: But she had no way of knowing how the magic trick worked.
Navia: That's right. And even if she had tampered with the setup, she would need to understand the entire trick to pull it off.
Navia: Nor does she have any motive. The Gardes said that she has never had any dealings with the magic troupe's members.
Paimon: *sigh* Were we not thorough enough in our search?
Paimon: From the sound of things, this is turning into an impossible case.
Paimon: Your macarons are amazing though, Navia. They smell great, they're nice and crisp, and super sweet...
Navia: Hehe, they are my specialty, after all — and I see you've already had five of them.
Paimon: What? Five? Oh, that can't be right... Paimon only counted three... honest!
Melus: Please, don't worry about it. At my age, a few less sweets might actually be a good thing.
Paimon: Ugh, no, no... Being greedy is one thing, but Paimon knows how to count!
Paimon: Besides, Paimon knows that if she ate too many, then others wouldn't have enough.
Traveler: It's fine. If you ate them, you ate them.
Paimon: Wait, even you don't believe Paimon!? Oh! ...How could you!?
Paimon: If Paimon ate those two extra macarons, then may they turn into stone in her stomach!
Navia: Haha, alright, we get it. Well, I suppose one of us might have gotten too engrossed in our chat and eaten them by mistake! No big deal.
Navia: Melus, set the stove up again, if you would.
Paimon: Huh? What are you doing?
Navia: Making sure everyone gets three macarons, of course!
Traveler: Oh, there's really no need to do that.
Paimon: Exactly! We don't wanna trouble you...
Melus: As you wish, Demoiselle.
Silver: I have eggs, sugar, and almonds at the ready.
Paimon: ...Well, this really is your hobby, huh?
Black Screen Text: Navia does a second round of baking over the two missing macarons.
Black Screen Text: However, the discussion that follows does not yield much progress...
Navia: Well, that's it for snack time. I'm going to have another look around the area.
Navia: I don't know what we're looking for yet, but we've still got some time. As attorneys, I suggest the two of you think the case over again.
Navia: It would be awkward if you got all tongue-tied on stage during the trial.
Paimon: Alright. Thanks for your help — and for the snacks!
Navia: Haha, it was nothing. A small task for the Spina di Rosula. Silver, Melus, it's time to go.
Navia: I'll be back if I find anything new!
Traveler: Oh, it's fine. Everyone knows how much you love eating.
Traveler: We're left with two other people: the missing girl and the deceased.
Traveler: Why don't you take a break as well?

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Paimon: So... we're just going back now?
Traveler: The problem seems to have been solved for now.
Paimon: That's true, but...
Lyney: #{NICKNAME}, Paimon, please wait...
Traveler: ...
Paimon: Lyney...
Lyney: I know you may not want to speak to me right now. Maybe you don't even want to look at me...
Lyney: But still, let me thank you again for defending me to the end, even after you learned that I am a member of the Fatui.
Traveler: I just didn't wish to see anyone be falsely accused.
Lyney: I guess. But regardless, I'd like the opportunity to set things straight...
Lyney: I didn't approach you with any ulterior motives or ill-intent. I've spoken to you as myself, just plain "Lyney," this entire time.
Lyney: As for why I'm a Fatuus, it's because the goals of the House of the Hearth align with those of an orphan like me. That's all.
Lyney: That was how "Fat{RUBY#[S]Otets}her," who you might know as The Knave, approached recruiting us back then, too...
Paimon: The Knave? The one who controls the House of the Hearth? She's your "father"?
Lyney: That's right. And since we're here, I was wondering... Would you mind hearing a story? It's about my past.
Lyney: Back when our parents first died, Lynette and I were left wandering the streets.
Lyney: To survive, I took to surreptitiously observing an older street performer who did magic. It took me several days to figure out how he pulled off his amazing tricks.
Lyney: I took my sister through several streets until we found a crowded corner, and we began to perform magic tricks there.
Lyney: To my surprise, we proved to be pretty popular, and we could at least stop worrying about where our next meal would come from for a time. But, I didn't want my sister to remain a street rat together with me forever.
Lyney: Before long, an aristocrat came to me, and claimed that he wished to take us in after watching my performances.
Paimon: So you went from orphans to nobility, just like that?
Lyney: That was how we felt at first, too... As if fate was on our side, and we could say goodbye to those painful days.
Lyney: But I gradually discovered that while we were called "foster children," he was really after my talent for magic tricks...
Lyney: He would constantly take me to all sorts of banquets to garner attention, which he would then use to expand his social circles.
Paimon: That doesn't seem too bad either... Better than roaming the streets, at any rate...
Lyney: Hehe. It took a while for me to realize just how dark his heart really was.
Lyney: After one particular performance at a banquet, I discovered that Lynette was not on the same return vehicle as me.
Lyney: I waited a long time after we returned home, but she did not come back. I went to that noble's bedroom and asked him about her whereabouts...
Lyney: The answer he gave me was: "She caught the eye of a most eminent person at the banquet, so I sent her over as a gift. I mean, you'll be able to perform your magic regardless of who your assistant is, yes?"
Paimon: Oh no... So he was gonna...
Paimon: Ugh, but wouldn't Fontaine's laws deal with such people?
Lyney: As far as outsiders are concerned, this is a relationship akin to "adoption" or "foster care," and they have their ways of escaping the eye of the law.
Traveler: Villains.
Lyney: I managed to ferret out the location of the mansion of that so-called "eminent person," and hurried through the night... But by the time I leaped over the walls, avoided the guards, and made my way in...
Lyney: All I saw was the moonlit ground covered in blood... and The Knave, standing there in the darkness.
Paimon: So she'd already taken care of that guy...
Lyney: That's right. She had rescued my sister before she could come to any harm, and had even discovered several girls hidden in a basement — all of them orphans.
Lyney: "Father"... I mean, The Knave, might have seen something in me, and so, she made me an offer...
Lyney: "The House of the Hearth welcomes you, for your interests align with ours. Here, none will ever betray you. Indeed, betrayal shall never be permitted here."
Lyney: I was hesitant to trust her. I mean, I had just been betrayed by nobles.
Lyney: But she was also quick to destroy the noble who had taken us in at first, giving us back our freedom.
Paimon: So that's how the two of you joined the House of the Hearth.
Traveler: That's all in the past, though.
Lyney: She... has her own plans.
Lyney: She has gained permission from the Tsaritsa to first use the Gnosis' power once she obtains it. She plans to use it to find a way to break the prophecy and save Fontaine.
Paimon: So she believes in that prophecy too?
Lyney: That's right. The whole House of the Hearth is currently working to combat that crisis.
Lyney: Today's case has also proven that people from Fontaine can indeed dissolve into some sort of water, thus further supporting the prophecy.
Lyney: Everyone at Hotel Bouffes d'ete, including The Knave, has their roots in Fontaine. And we will always defend our homeland.
Lyney: To us orphans, the only connection we have left to this world, apart from our "family," is our homeland.
Paimon: So from small deeds like distributing Magic Pockets to huge schemes like stealing a Gnosis, everything is aimed at dealing with that prophecy...
Traveler: I'm sorry...
Lyney: It's alright, I understand. The only thing I can do is relate all this to you.
Lyney: I just hope you can understand that even as a member of the House, I have never stopped making my own decisions, and that I believe what I'm doing is right.
Lyney: If you should need anything at all in the future, feel free to find me. I will do my best to help you, as plain "Lyney."
Traveler: I understand.
Paimon: Uh... bye, Lyney.
Traveler: Goodbye.
Traveler: But I still can't completely trust you.
Traveler: The Knave is after the Gnosis, isn't she?
Traveler: So what happened after that?
Traveler: I just wanted to be sure that we're square.
Traveler: We're not needed here anymore.

### Additional Talk 2

Navia: Hey there! What was with the disappearing act you pulled right as the trial ended?
Paimon: Were you looking for us, Navia?
Navia: Well, this whole thing isn't exactly over, is it? I do feel that we're getting closer to solving the serial disappearances case, though. Don't you think so too?
Traveler: Well, I...
Navia: Hmm? What's wrong, my dear partner?
Traveler: I was really only trying to defend Lyney.
Paimon: Besides, are you sure we're the ones who can crack a case that's been cold for decades now?
Paimon: And given that there's new evidence from the trial, there should be a trail of breadcrumbs for the Hydro Archon's people to follow now, right?
Navia: Ah...
Navia: I see... Well. I won't lie — I'm a little shocked to hear that from you, but I suppose you are just travelers who have only arrived in Fontaine, after all...
Navia: Sorry, I might have been too presumptuous.
Paimon: Don't say that, Navia...
Navia: *sigh* And we were having so much fun investigating with you, too...
Navia: It was like having new waters flowing into a stagnant mire, causing new hope to spring forth, and the reflection in the murk to become clearer.
Navia: Haha... Sorry about that, I'm a bit prone to nostalgia. Don't mind me...
Navia: Wait, shall we have a farewell meal? You know, to commemorate our time as partners?
Paimon: Huh? Do we really need to get that formal? ...Well, guess you really did treat us as partners, huh.
Navia: Well, I just like to have a proper ending to every important memory, that way there are no regrets later.
Navia: Anyway, it would just be a meal, so it shouldn't take up too much of your time.
Traveler: Well, if you say so...
Paimon: You don't have to twist Paimon's arm! If Boss Navia's treating, count Paimon in!
Navia: Wonderful! In that case, why don't we return to the Court of Fontaine and head to the Hotel Debord? I believe we'll make it just in time for dinner.
Paimon: Alright then, let's have our farewell meal!
Traveler: Let's go have that meal, then.
Traveler: I wasn't necessarily looking into serial disappearances case.
Traveler: I'm sorry, Navia.

### Additional Talk 3

Esmond: Go ahead, have a look around. In the end, we're both after the truth.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown NPC (13394): (The rope that suspended the water tank was definitely tampered with by someone. This was no accident...)

### Additional Talk 5

Quentin: Lyney's magic tricks were the stuff of legends. But the way he did this crime... *sigh* He should've stuck to doing magic.
Vaughn: Haha! Look, doing magic tricks is one thing, pulling off a crime is something else entirely. Maybe he was just too full of himself.

### Additional Talk 6

Esildor: Hmm... Could it be that I didn't see it happen?

### Additional Talk 7

Maurice: If you do encounter Ms. Halsey, please contact the Gardes immediately.

### Additional Talk 8

Tristane: My apologies, but access to the venue is restricted at this time. Please register first.

### Additional Talk 9

Silver: Speaking of that, I think magic shows would be very popular in Poisson.
Navia: I can see that... Hmm, maybe I should try to learn some magic. If I could make things disappear, cleaning my room would be a cinch!
Melus: You need not worry about such things, Demoiselle. That falls under my duties.
Navia: ...Oh, right.

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown NPC (13395): (You don't know why there is a hook here. It might be a prop for a different trick.)

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown NPC (13396): (A shattered vase and water... Something happened down here in the tunnel.)

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown NPC (13397): (The young woman is gone, but her clothes are here. What does this mean?)

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown NPC (13398): (The perpetrator could have left through here, but bringing the young woman with them would have proved tricky...)

### Additional Talk 14

Paimon: Whew, Paimon did it! Paimon actually managed to say all that. Wasn't it awesome?
Furina: In other words, you believe that he knew nothing of the incident?
Paimon: That's right.
Traveler: Moreover, I believe my opposition's reasoning is flawed.
Furina: Huh? M—My reasoning?
Traveler: The onstage equipment was clearly tampered with in a premeditated fashion.
Paimon: If that's the case, then if Cowell hadn't entered the tunnel, who was the entire setup meant to kill?
Paimon: Assuming that what you say is true, Lyney only needed to kidnap the young girl to cause a new disappearance case. What would the point of killing someone onstage be?
Audience: Oh, they have a point...
Navia: Haha, that's right, you tell them! And that's why they're partners of mine. They've managed to turn things around!
Furina: W—Well. Your denial is very strident, I'll give you that! But what proof do you have to back your claims?
Traveler: Do you happen to remember...
Furina: Of course I do. If he had been in the magic box the whole time, how could he have not heard that sound? Why do you ask?
Furina: Ah. You're saying that he wasn't...
Traveler: Your claim has now become my weapon...
Traveler: Your claim has also become a critical clue...
Traveler: How you refuted Lyney's alibi initially?
Traveler: However, you say that Cowell bumped into Lyney by chance.

### Additional Talk 15

Paimon: Are you sure we don't need to give this more thought? Paimon thinks there's something off here...

### Additional Talk 16

Paimon: That's right! Lyney wasn't in the box or in the tunnel. That's why he didn't hear anything strange during the performance.
Paimon: This means that when the crime happened, Lyney had already entered the basement via the vent.
Paimon: The same clue you used to disprove his alibi has now become the best proof. Hehe, how do ya like that?
Navia: Well played!
Furina: Tch... To think you'd use such logic...
Furina: W—Well then! If it wasn't Lyney who committed the crimes, then who was it?
Traveler: The murderer was...

### Additional Talk 17

Paimon: Huh? That can't be right. Are you serious?
Paimon: Um, the killer was, in fact, Cowell, the deceased!
Furina: Hehe, is that so? How interesting. Let's hear your reasoning, then.
Traveler: (What I must do next is recreate the truth, what Cowell did, and how he went from would-be perpetrator to victim.)

### Additional Talk 18

Traveler: (The criminal must have understood the methods behind Lyney's magic trick, and must have been in a position to easily modify the equipment.)
Traveler: (Leaving aside how he died, Cowell had all the means to commit the crime at his disposal.)
Traveler: (The strange noise could likely have been the sound of Cowell and Halsey struggling.)
Traveler: (Lyney was not in the tunnel for one minute. This would have given time for Cowell to bring Halsey out of the magic box in the audience stands.)
Traveler: (But according to the Gardes' testimony, no one entered or left the opera house, so even if he had taken her, there'd be no means of exiting.)
Traveler: (Exiting from the box would have been in full view of the audience, pretty much guaranteeing that they would be discovered...)
Paimon: #What's wrong, {NICKNAME}? Are you still having trouble figuring things out?
Traveler: Where in the world did Halsey go...
Furina: Hehe. I see how it is! So this was all just a bluff. And here I thought you had something to show for it, but it seems you're still far from the truth.
Lyney: Look, since we're at a dead end, why not consider a different track?
Lyney: Just like the trick as it transpired, the end result must have been utterly different from the magician's initial design.
Lynette: If only we knew how Halsey disappeared...
Paimon: Well, that would be nice, but the tunnel only has three exits, and none of them seem very likely.
Paimon: And it's not like this is a magic trick where you can just make a real, live person disappear. Y'know, like you did from that water tank, Lynette...
Traveler: Magic...
Traveler: (Wait. Could it have been the water...?)
Furina: Excuse my interruption, dear opponents, but do you not see that the crowd is growing impatient? There is no greater sin in this opera house than an awkward delay in the performance.
Neuvillette: If the defense is unable to make further effective arguments, we will move on to the next stage of the trial.
Traveler: Hold on a second!
Traveler: Escaping from the water tank...

### Additional Talk 19

Paimon: Paimon gets it! It all comes together if Halsey "disappeared" instead of "being kidnapped"!
Paimon: Lynette escaped from the water tank, vanishing gradually and leaving only clothes behind.
Paimon: If there's a similar method where a person could be transformed into water...
Furina: Hahaha! Just a moment, please. I do hope you know how preposterous you sound at the moment.
Furina: How could a person ever be transformed into water? This is reality we're talking about here, not some magic trick!
Traveler: I request that we examine Cowell's personal effects.
Furina: Must we, really? I should think that of anyone, your friend Lyney already knows this truth very well...
Furina: Magic tricks are ultimately just illusions and misdirection... but Halsey's disappearance is very real. We're talking about two completely different things.
Lyney: #Even so... I trust {NICKNAME}'s judgment.
Lyney: The truth must be out there somewhere. Perhaps some new line of reasoning may open if we try to gather all the focal points that don't make sense.
Lyney: Since Cowell was the deceased, we haven't placed much attention on him.
Lyney: But given that we aren't making much progress with the case, it wouldn't hurt to have a look at his belongings, would it?
Furina: *sigh* People really do come up with all sorts of harebrained schemes when at the end of their rope. The way I see it, your suggestion that we broaden the scope of our investigation is nothing but a tactic for stalling the trial.
Neuvillette: Nevertheless, I believe that this is a reasonable request on the part of an attorney. Since the trial does indeed appear to be at an impasse, I believe that additional evidence may help us make more progress.
Neuvillette: Gardes, please step into the lounge and examine the personal effects of the deceased, Cowell.
Black Screen Text: After some time, a Garde returns with news.
Esmond: We are still examining the items, but we have already made critical progress that we feel must be shared with everyone posthaste.
Esmond: We discovered several test tubes of fluid within Cowell's baggage, each labeled separately.
Esmond: The notebook in his backpack claims that these fluids are "Water from the Primordial Sea."
Neuvillette: The Primordial Sea...
Esmond: The notes' contents also indicate that Cowell belonged to an organization that sells illegal drugs, and that he had an accomplice.
Esmond: The notebook has many entries concerning safe usage of these fluids, in which the keyword "dissolve" appears many times.
Esmond: One of these tubes was labeled "Opera Epiclese" along with yesterday's date. It is empty.
Esmond: The notes also state that these dissolution properties work exclusively on people from Fontaine. It's likely that Halsey was chosen as some sort of test subject.
Esmond: As such, we believe that the defense's hypothesis is, in fact, supported by sufficient evidence.
Surprised Audience Member: You've got to be kidding! People, dissolving into water?
Audience: Could something so ridiculous actually be true?
Audience: Wait a moment, this reminds me of a certain prophecy. But... it's just a coincidence, isn't it?
Navia: If people can become water, does that mean that the water tank's real use was as a means to hide water stains? And if Cowell was targeting that girl...
Navia: Wait just a minute... Could that mean...? You two, with me, quick!
Melus: Demoiselle, wait! What about your partners?
Navia: Let's go, just trust me!
Neuvillette: Order, order.
Neuvillette: It is undeniable that further examination of the deceased's personal effects has yielded some surprising results, but we cannot yet verify the veracity of these clues.
Neuvillette: Still, let us assume that these clues are indeed authentic — albeit with the understanding that Ms. Halsey has yet to be found.
Neuvillette: Gardes, please continue examining the items along these lines.
Neuvillette: Mr. Lyney, it appears your hypothesis is supported by the evidence, so please continue speaking.
Lyney: Of course. Thank you, Your Honor.
Lyney: If we uphold this hypothesis, I believe that many of this case's seemingly unrelated clues can be connected together.
Paimon: Right, like the metal hook. That one didn't make sense at all!
Paimon: Let's think about this. Cowell's methods must have something to do with that "Water from the Primordial Sea."
Traveler: We might find something there.

### Additional Talk 20

Paimon: Ahem! It's Ace Detective Paimon's time to shine again!
Paimon: In the original plan, Cowell would tamper with the water tank rope and the number selector, securing his target.
Paimon: When the magic box containing Halsey was lowered, the metal hook would retract gradually and pierce the balloon at the top of the box.
Paimon: When the balloon attached to the box popped, the Water from the Primordial Sea inside it would pour down and dissolve Halsey.
Paimon: Afterward, Cowell would enter the tunnel and break the flower vase to conceal the water inside the tunnel, with the remaining evidence being covered up by the water tank onstage.
Paimon: But he encountered something unexpected in the tunnel, and wound up being fatally hit by the same water tank he meant to use to cover his tracks.
Audience: Huh, that does make sense.
Doubtful Audience Member: That actually links together a lot of the more confusing pieces of evidence.
Furina: (Oh dear, what do I do? Even I think they sound convincing now! Have I falsely accused an innocent person? Ugh, what a humiliation...)
Lyney: Now, it seems like the only point of contention remaining is the exact circumstances that led to Cowell's death.
Lyney: His notes mentioned he had an accomplice who could be related to the situation...
Neuvillette: On that note, the Gardes have just contacted me indicating that they uncovered new evidence.
Neuvillette: I shall now invite him onstage to share it with us.
Vaughn: Thank you, Your Honor. We were just inspecting the luggage of the other people involved in this case...
Vaughn: And we found an identical sample of the Water from the Primordial Sea among Lyney's personal effects!
Lyney: Wh—What!?
Lynette: That can't be.
Furina: Hehe, oh I see! Well, how wonderfully comedic, to have your own counterattack only to come back and wound you!
Furina: Does this not clear all doubt?
Furina: My dear citizens, my loyal audience, allow me to present my reasoning and bring this performance to a swift close.
Paimon: Oh no... Paimon can't think of anything either. It doesn't look like there's any way around this!
Paimon: Ugh, seems using the water as new evidence was too good a move... why did this have to happen now?
Furina: I think we've all seen enough now, and we have ample witnesses to my flawless reasoning.
Furina: I believe this is indeed the "finale."
Furina: Now then, my good, noble Chief Justice, should we not, in your view move—
Navia: Excuse me, everyone, but I must interject!
Neuvillette: Miss, I must ask you not to shout and to respect the ongoing legal proceedings.
Navia: Oh, come on, don't be hasty. I have a good reason for interrupting, you know. Now, would anyone here like to take a little break from all this debate, and see a little magic?
Navia: I'll show you an amazing trick, one that can bring a young woman who has "disappeared" back in the flesh, right before our very eyes! Please do the honors Mr. Lyney, if you would be so kind.
Confused Audience Member: Wh—What in the world is she saying?
Lyney: No offense, Miss, but miracles like that are beyond my scope as a magician.
Navia: Come on now, don't be silly. Magic is all about misdirection, isn't it? It often conceals the truth while presenting a fascinating illusion.
Navia: But once everyone believes the illusion, can't magic reveal the truth to them once again?
Navia: And wouldn't such a trick be the most marvelous finale to today's performance?
Navia: Come on, Lyney and Lynette. Give it another go. Don't worry — Spina di Rosula has made the necessary arrangements on your behalf.
Navia: But as the magic-makers and stars of the show, I think I should leave the final performance to you.
Lyney: I understand.
Lyney: *click*
Lynette: And voila!
Liliane: Um... Uh, sorry for the interruption.
Surprised Audience Member: Wait, isn't that Halsey? So the whole thing about people dissolving wasn't true after all?
Liliane: To be clear, I'm only here because this person told me that if I testified, the merit of doing so would lessen my sentence...
Liliane: I was hiding outside this room listening to the proceedings because I was afraid that I would be the one put on trial...
Liliane: I was just feeling happy that no one had noticed me... and then before I knew it, she caught me.
Navia: Hehe, that'll teach you to underestimate us three.
Liliane: Where should I begin... *sigh* I'm sorry. I'm the one who killed Cowell, I admit it.
Furina: Wh—What? Why?
Liliane: Firstly, my name isn't Halsey. It's Liliane, and I'm originally from Mondstadt.
Liliane: I heard that Lyney's show was going to be a real thriller, but I missed the chance to buy a ticket, so I stole one.
Liliane: That's how I make a living, I steal stuff here and there... and I'd never been caught before.
Liliane: But I was noticed at the harbor a few days ago, and I barely got away. Lyney was the one who caught me in the act.
Paimon: Hey, no wonder you look familiar. So you were the thief!
Paimon: Lyney even mentioned that you were pretty skilled.
Liliane: Well, and I thought that would've been the end of it, but then the number selector chose me.
Liliane: He even mentioned the Fortress of Meropide. That's a prison, isn't it? So you can imagine how shocked I was — I thought he was onto me for sure.
Liliane: So I played along with the show while looking for an opening to flee, but then I got water poured on me for no reason, and then someone jumped into the tunnel to nab me...
Liliane: I wasn't going to take that lying down, so I knocked him out and stuffed him into the box.
Liliane: There was nowhere to run from there, though, so I had to change my clothes and hide in a box containing performance costumes.
Liliane: I slipped out after the first Garde arrived at the scene and continued hiding inside the opera house.
Paimon: Can a person even hide in there?
Traveler: If they're a practiced hand at concealment, probably...
Liliane: But I swear I didn't know that the water tank would fall down. Really, I swear it!
Liliane: Had I known that, I wouldn't have put him in the magic box! I may be a thief, but I'm no killer!
Paimon: Well, that makes everything pretty clear now, doesn't it?
Traveler: Yeah. Now it's time to refute the Hydro Archon's previous reasoning.
Traveler: (This time, we need to tell the entire story from Liliane's perspective.)
Traveler: A professional thief could make it work.

### Additional Talk 21

Paimon: She knew that she would have to go through Garde inspection if she tried to leave afterward, so she has been trapped in the opera house these last two days.
Navia: She had already become desperately hungry by the time we were chatting over macarons, so she swiped two of them right under our noses. Talk about a sneaky thief!
Paimon: At this point, all the events that happened in the tunnel have now come to light!
Confused Audience Member: Ah, so that's the whole story...
Excited Audience Member: Bravo. Bravo!
Neuvillette: Now then, Lady Furina, do you wish to speak against the defense's statements?
Furina: I... Um...
Neuvillette: Please answer the question, Lady Furina. Also, if I may add, the trial has not yet ended. As such, I request that the prosecution not leave the room before the proceedings have concluded.
Furina: Ugh! What, are you reading my mind now!?
Furina: *sigh* No, I have no further arguments. I admit defeat. But really, could you at least have left me with some dignity?
Paimon: Wow, look at that. She's like a deflated balloon now.
Neuvillette: If there are no objections, then as the Chief Justice of Fontaine, I shall once again repeat the full sequence of events.
Neuvillette: The actual perpetrator of the serial disappearances, Cowell, selected his next victim from the audience reservation list.
Neuvillette: With some modifications to the selector, he could ensure that the pre-selected young woman would be chosen.
Neuvillette: To cover up any evidence while committing the deed, Cowell thought of allowing the water tank to fall, which would conceal the water left behind after the young woman was dissolved.
Neuvillette: He also tampered with the ropes suspending the water tank, using the fireworks at the end of the performance to cause the tank to drop and hide the water marks.
Neuvillette: He poured the Water from the Primordial Sea, into a balloon during the preparation of the magic box and stuck it to the box's lid.
Neuvillette: Finally, he passed the prepared hook on a rope through the gap in the magic box's door when bringing the young woman to said box.
Neuvillette: When the magic trick officially began, the box containing the woman was lowered into the tunnel, tightening the hook rope and bursting the balloon containing the Water.
Neuvillette: If all had gone to plan, the young woman would be dissolved at this time. However, Liliane was not from Fontaine, and thus fled the box with a loud noise.
Neuvillette: Realizing that there was trouble, Cowell entered the tunnel and met Liliane. Thinking that the Waters had not yet taken effect, he decided to proceed.
Neuvillette: However, his opponent was more capable than he thought, and he was overcome, knocked unconscious, and placed into the magic box, and thus became his own final victim.
Neuvillette: Liliane, according to her own statements, then changed clothes and hid until the performance ended before hiding in other parts of the opera house.
Neuvillette: As for Lyney, he was in the underground structures within the opera house, and was thus ignorant of these happenings.
Neuvillette: From this reconstruction of events, we can conclude that Lyney, the accused, is in fact innocent.
Paimon: Hooray, Lyney and Lynette! Amazing!
Neuvillette: While there is much in Lyney and Liliane's conduct that should still be investigated separately...
Neuvillette: This case, at least, can be handed over to the Oratrice to make the final decision.
Neuvillette: As such, Lyney and Lynette are officially declared "Not Guilty"!
Paimon: Hahaha! Victory for Ace Detective Paimon!
Navia: Great work, partners!
Lynette: Thank you all, thank you so much!
Traveler: Let's not celebrate just yet...
Neuvillette: Next, I think we deserve an explanation, Garde Vaughn.
Neuvillette: How did you find the Water from the Primordial Sea in Lyney's baggage?
Furina: Right! Your discovery caused me to make a serious mistake, you know! ...Or was that not a discovery, but false evidence that you dared to bring before this court?
Neuvillette: I suspect that the accomplice mentioned in Cowell's notes was not Lyney, but you, yes?
Vaughn: I... Uh...
Neuvillette: I'm sure you know what you must do to lessen your sentence.
Furina: Speak quickly, unless you want to earn yourself a one-way ticket to coupon-town.
Vaughn: I—I was just following orders!
Vaughn: We were supposed to place blame for the serial disappearances onto Lyney and thus cause suspicion to fall on the Fatui. The higher-ups said that this was the best opportunity to do so.
Neuvillette: And now that your plan has fallen through, and the secrets of the Water have been revealed, you have become a liability to said higher-ups, yes?
Neuvillette: Therefore, you would be wise to tell everything you know and seek the protection of the Gardes.
Vaughn: Y—Yes! I'll tell you everything I know!
Vaughn: Our boss discovered that the Water can cause people to dissolve.
Vaughn: It can also be made into a potion which, when extremely diluted, can cause people to experience unforgettable exhilaration.
Vaughn: We've been in this business for a while now and have made decent Mora off it. The disappearances were also the boss' idea. I mean, this is the boss we're talking about, the—
Vaughn: Aaaargh!
Excited Audience Member: Huh!!!
Surprised Audience Member: Huh!!!
Paimon: Whaa!?
Traveler: He... turned into water.
Lyney: And now he can no longer talk.
Navia: Such ruthlessness. I shouldn't have expected any less of them.
Neuvillette: An outrageous act.
Neuvillette: All present, please submit to inspection immediately.

### Additional Talk 22

Traveler: (The broken magic box was left on the scene after the Gardes completed their investigation. Looking at it now, the water tank must've struck it really hard...)

### Additional Talk 23

Traveler: (This is where the magic box was struck. If Cowell weren't inside the box at that moment, he might've dodged the falling water tank.)

### Additional Talk 24

Traveler: (This should be the control device for the trolley. It seems to be able to operate automatically.)

### Additional Talk 25

Traveler: (A ladder is required in order to return to the magic box above.)

### Additional Talk 26

Traveler: (High precision is required to complete this magic show, and tracks are perfect for making the trolley stay on its designated course.)

### Additional Talk 27

Traveler: (All kinds of props and costumes are haphazardly stuffed inside.)

### Additional Talk 28

Traveler: (The trolley is crucial for transporting the magic box to the other side. The culprit must've used this to execute their plan...)

### Additional Talk 29

Unknown NPC (13674): (It looks like an ordinary box, but Lyney somehow moved instantly from the stage to being inside of it... how did he do it?)