# Radiant Harvest: Compensation

Kesean: Hey! You're back. You missed out on something hilarious just now!
Paimon: Something hilarious? What happened?
Kesean: Just now, I brought the retrieved jellyfish and waited here for Mr. Augereau's inspection. But before he could show up, some of my buyers did.
Kesean: They told me that ever since releasing the first several batches of jellyfish, they felt refreshed, and their business has been going super well. They thought it must have been a blessing from the heavens for doing a good deed! So they came back to buy more to release.
Traveler: I'm still trying to catch them for you...
Paimon: #Hmm... {NICKNAME} catches them, Mr. Kesean sells them, and buyers release them again... Hey! Is this your way of making money!?
Kesean: What!? No! How could I!? I don't want any more trouble with the Gardes!
Kesean: Ahem... I spent ages telling them that releasing these jellyfish does more harm than good, but they simply wouldn't listen!
Kesean: They just believe that their luck was due to... what they consider to be a good deed.
Kesean: They even believe that my bad luck was due to keeping the jellyfish in captivity. *sigh* Just what are they thinking...
Kesean: Anyway, while we argued, Mr. Augereau arrived and immediately took them into custody.
Traveler: Guess their luck had run out.
Kesean: ...In the end, was carelessly releasing these creatures without first understanding their habits and ecology really for the creatures, or just for their own good luck?
Paimon: They were also taken into custody by the Gardes... Seems like they didn't get much luck out of it in the end.
Kesean: Ha! Speaking of which, thanks to you, the Gardes have now waived my jail sentence.
Kesean: In addition to the compensation I promised you, I also have a little memento for you. Please, take it.
Black Screen Text: Kesean takes out a jellyfish ball...
Paimon: Ehh?? Are these... also Violetglow Jellyfish? Why do they look so much smaller than the ones we caught before...
Kesean: Yep, they are smaller specimens. I picked out a few suitable specimens from the storage warehouse yesterday. There were more specimens than there were assignment numbers, though, so I figured I might as well give you some as a memento.
Kesean: As for the rest, I'll continue breeding them and find a way to integrate them into natural environments.
Kesean: Oh, and I'm also planning on keeping a few of the Violetglow Jellyfish to investigate their clustering and glowing behavior.
Traveler: Well, they do look pretty cute...
Kesean: W—Woah, wait! Don't you dare to think about releasing them!!!
Traveler: I think they would look cuter swimming in the water...
Traveler: You reap what you sow.
Traveler: How are you still selling them...