# Missing title (2475459951)

Chronie: Why... Why does it have to be this way... How vile...
Traveler: Ms. Chronie?
Chronie: #{NICKNAME}! You're here! How wonderful... It's you... At least you know the truth...
Paimon: Calm down, Ms. Chronie. Are... are you okay?
Chronie: Even... Even if my article doesn't get published...
Traveler: What's the matter with your article?
Paimon: Yeah! We were wondering when we'd finally see it!
Chronie: Didn't see it... Didn't see it, right, that's right, you probably didn't see it...
Traveler: You seem... to be a bit flustered?
Chronie: It's like this... Ever since I got back from the Fontaine Research Institute, I started writing my article.
Chronie: I put everything I saw, heard, and felt into that draft.
Chronie: Such as how the Institute had never completely removed the Arkhium, but instead restarted another Arkhium-related research project.
Chronie: Someone who used to work under Edwin was sent to explore the Institute ruins, but lost his life in an explosion.
Chronie: Senior Technician Raimondo refused to confirm his death and insisted the explosion was a planned part of the project.
Chronie: Plus the out-of-control giant machine in the ruins, and the polluted water...
Chronie: Everything that the Fontaine Research Institute wanted to cover up, I detailed it all in the article!
Chronie: But... after I submitted it, I was told the Institute filed a lawsuit against me!
Chronie: According to editorial regulations, everything I reported about the Fontaine Research Institute in the article must undergo a credibility review.
Chronie: And my article about Fontaine Research Institute was rejected...
Traveler: A credibility review?
Chronie: No, the review didn't target any specific report, but me personally...
Chronie: Simply put, the Fontaine Research Institute accused me of inserting my own subjective emotions into the report due to conflicts of interest with the Institute and spreading false information to the public...
Traveler: But... do you have a conflict of interest with the Institute?
Paimon: She only took a few pictures of worn rocks and broken machines... What conflict of interest could there possibly be?
Traveler: Because you exposed their unethical practices?
Chronie: They... They accused me of leaking the latest design in the Fonta line.
Chronie: They insisted that some of the photos I took in the ruins revealed parts of the latest Fonta design.
Chronie: They must thoroughly examine every photo. Until then, they won't withdraw the lawsuit and I must continue to be subject to the credibility review.
Chronie: It's obviously a ploy to stop my article from going public... but I will not give up.
Chronie: Here, take this！ It's a copy of the newspaper I printed secretly. I'll distribute more copies soon.
Chronie: I have to inform everyone about the truth behind the Fontaine Research Institute, and...
Muirne: Ms. Chronie! What are you still doing here? I've been looking everywhere for you.
Chronie: Oh no, somebody's coming. I can't stay here...
Chronie: Here's a copy, keep it safe. I wrote the true story in it! All of it!
Muirne: According to the rules, you must go to the Maison Gestion for your routine review now...
Muirne: Hey, please don't run away, Ms. Chronie!
Muirne: It's only Fonta, and it's probably just a misunderstanding! If you just explain...
Muirne: Wait! Please stop, Ms. Chronie!
Traveler: Doesn't your paper believe your report was reliable?
Traveler: What are you doing?