# Controllable Explosion

Hajanad: You're back! Ah, I've waited here for so long!
Hajanad: Come, tell me how the "Remelting Tablets" did in detail.
Traveler: Hajanad seems excited.
Paimon: Then we'll start with the shortcomings first! Clench your teeth!
Black Screen Text: You describe the pros and cons of "Remelting Tablets" to Hajanad in detail.
Hajanad: I see... I understand now.
Hajanad: The current explosion is not accurate enough to control the exact potion mix, so the effects can be unstable.
Hajanad: What I need to do is to make a shield for the explosive, focus the resultant shockwave, and also modify the arrangement of preset tablets...
Hajanad: Yes, it won't take long to make these modifications. The problem is funding...
Hajanad: Fortunately, I still have my emergency funds! It should be enough if I sell the old equipment and eat once a day from now on.
Paimon: You're going to eat only once a day?
Paimon: No, no! That's unacceptable! Why didn't you mention that you don't have enough funds?
Hajanad: Oh, rest assured. Your payment is guaranteed. I had it all budgeted out.
Hajanad: I'm used to eating once a day by now. Sometimes I only have three meals in a week, so this shouldn't be a problem.
Traveler: You don't have to try so hard...
Paimon: Now Paimon's really curious...
Paimon: Why do you want to become a famous researcher so bad, Ms. Hajanad?
Paimon: Are you really that into academic research? Do you want to prove your worth by doing this? Or are you planning to make a lot of Mora with alchemy?
Hajanad: Hmm...
Hajanad: This is so out of the blue that I'm not sure either... Maybe it's just because I was bullied in the past that I got obsessed.
Hajanad: If I can prove my worth, then I can live a better life.
Paimon: So you're doing this for that reason...
Traveler: So that's why you started to do academic research?
Hajanad: Yes. Knowledge is everything in this country, and so the only way up is through one's academic abilities.
Hajanad: I don't have much talent or high intellect, so my breakthroughs are limited to unpopular subjects that no one wants to take up.
Hajanad: I've been delving into my research for so long that I forgot how to act around people. Perhaps my temper's suffered for it too...
Traveler: Most people out there are good folks.
Paimon: Yeah! You already have an impressive goal now. You should try to enjoy your life!
Paimon: If you keep a normal heart and make normal conversations with people, there will definitely be those who'd like to help you with your research!
Hajanad: I know, I know. Still, thank you for the advice.
Hajanad: I realized that it's much easier and more interesting to study alchemy compared to studying what to eat or what to say to others.
Hajanad: But since I've met you guys, I've been doing some self-reflection, and I believe that I should really work on my emotions and expressions.
Hajanad: Anyway, thanks for helping me test out the "Remelting Tablets." I should go back and write my papers now.
Hajanad: In addition to the promised payment, this, too, is for you.
Traveler: What is this?
Hajanad: My best alchemy cauldron. It cost me a great deal back then, but I treasured it so much that I never got the chance to use it.
Paimon: Hey! Why are you suddenly giving up your most precious tool?
Hajanad: "Remelting Tablets" are different from traditional potions. They need the equipment I newly designed to produce them, so I won't be using this cauldron anyway.
Hajanad: I did also make a promise to you, after all. Let this be a keepsake of that promise.
Hajanad: You can try using it to make... tea or soup, I guess? Whatever comes out of it should taste better due to its extraordinary extraction functions.
Paimon: Since you put it that way... It would be rude of us to refuse you.
Traveler: You can do this, Hajanad!
Hajanad: Of course! Just you wait!
Black Screen Text: Hajanad leaves.
Paimon: #Say, {NICKNAME}...
Paimon: We did a good deed this time, right?
Traveler: Just another day in our adventures.
Paimon: Right... It's too early for us to come to any conclusions just yet.
Paimon: Maybe a day will come when we'll have forgotten about this event and boom! Hajanad suddenly becomes a famous researcher and invites us to visit her!
Paimon: Okay, enough of that! Let's go and make some tea with this alchemy cauldron!
Traveler: We should steady our hearts as well.
Traveler: Don't dwell on the past.