# Fight for Academic Reputation!

Jami: Haha... *sigh*... Hahaha...
Paimon: #Uh, {NICKNAME}, this guy's laughing and crying at the same time... and he looks pretty familiar, doesn't he?
Jami: Ah! It's been a while, you two. Do you still remember me?
Traveler: Err...
Jami: It's me, Jami from Amurta! Inventor of the Fayz Potion! You know me!
Paimon: Oh, Paimon thinks she remembers you now.
Paimon: Is your research going well, then?
Jami: Haha... Well... *sigh*
Traveler: Looks like that's a "no."
Jami: No, no, thanks to you, my Fayz Potion research achieved rather impressive results.
Jami: But I was so worried about disappointing my mentor... I never expected him to praise my work to the skies.
Jami: "Ah, Jami, well done! A student I am proud of, indeed!"
Paimon: Wait. Isn't that a good thing?
Jami: It would have been good if we had just stopped there, sure... But what happened afterward was a true nightmare.
Traveler: And what happened, exactly?
Jami: Maybe the data we got was *too* ideal, because my mentor, that smiling old fella with a wrinkly smile, got it into his head to "try it himself."
Jami: So, I set the experimental site for him, and brewed up the most effective of Fayz Potions...
Paimon: And...?
Jami: And then... Under the watchful eyes of countless students, he boldly stood right in front of the monsters while drinking the potion and got ambushed for his trouble. They beat him in the blink of an eye...
Jami: Fortunately, he's fine. He just needs some bed rest.
Paimon: Pfft, hahaha!
Jami: Hehe... *cough* Regardless, it was my lack of academic proficiency that embarrassed my mentor.
Jami: That ill-tempered fogey then proceeded to blame me all the more for "not considering user needs" and "lacking awareness of practical circumstances." It was a real tongue-lashing, I'll tell you that.
Paimon: Wait, that's unreasonable! He's to blame too!
Jami: Right? Anyway, that's why I'd like you two to—
Traveler: Teach him a lesson?
Jami: No, no! I've got no such ill intentions! Not right now, anyway!
Paimon: Oh, so you've had them "before," have you?
Jami: Uh... That's... not super important right now.
Jami: What I mean to say is that after reviewing previous experiments, I have come up with a "Long-Lasting Fayz Potion."
Paimon: Err, and what's that supposed to do?
Jami: I recalled my mentor's reaction when he was ambushed, and I suddenly realized that we ordinary people tend to freeze up in the face of danger, at a loss as to what to do...
Jami: If you only drink the potion when you're already in danger, it might have no time to work on you.
Jami: But this version is different. Once you've drunk it, it will trigger once you encounter danger, which can buy more time for normal folks.
Traveler: How can you tell if you're "in danger"?
Jami: Didn't I say so earlier? Ordinary people will lock up when danger approaches. As long as you act normally after drinking the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion, it will not take effect.
Jami: But once they freeze on the spot, the potion will kick in, slowing their "subjective" time.
Paimon: Ooh, so that's how it works. Paimon kinda gets it now. In that case... Are you asking us to help you complete your experiment?
Jami: That's right. Although the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion was designed for ordinary people, experiments can still be risky, so it would be best to have someone with combat experience do the initial testing.
Paimon: Hmm, let Paimon think. Should we help?
Paimon: #Ooh, Paimon's suddenly a little hungry. We could use a meal at Lambad's Tavern, don't you think, {NICKNAME}? Do we have enough Mora for that?
Traveler: Hate to break it to you...
Jami: *cough* Well, to tell the truth, despite the tongue-lashing, my mentor did grant me a considerable amount of research funding. I would be willing to pay handsomely...
Paimon: In that case, let us lend you our aid!
Jami: Thank you so much! Please, save me from my shattered academic reputation!
Traveler: We're over budget this month.
Traveler: Bribe him?
Traveler: The one who's always sighing?
Jami: Oh, so you remember that nickname... Yeah, it's me, Jami, the sighing Amurta researcher, shame of my school, and ashamed to this day to speak my name—