# Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper!

Sir Pouncelot: *hiss*
Valerina: *whimper*... The cat is hissing at me, Miss Rosaria! I'm scared!
Rosaria: You should probably give him some space. Get too close, and all that swatting might catch you in the face.
Paimon: Uh oh, seems like Valerina has run into some more cat-sized trouble...
Traveler: Looks like the shelter has a new stray...
Valerina: Honorary Knight! Cat Whisperer! This big cat just barged in here after Snowball! He must have spotted her when she went out for a walk and followed her all the way back here...
Rosaria: Easy, easy. No one's going to hurt you here.
Rosaria: All those evil things, all those bad people who forced you to do whatever it took to survive... They can't find you here. You're safe within these walls.
Rosaria: You're surrounded by good people now. Their constant hovering might get a little annoying, but it's all for your own good. Just relax. A life of leisure isn't a bad thing, you know. You just have to get used to it.
Sir Pouncelot: *hiss*... *whimper*
Valerina: H—He understood all that?
Rosaria: Looks like it worked. Hah, smart cat.
Paimon: Woah, this cat is waaay bigger than the others. His coloring looks like fresh-squeezed Bulle Fruit juice! And he's wearing a scarf too! Huh, looks like there's some sort of design on it... Oh! It's the symbol of the Knights of Favonius!
Paimon: He deserves a name fit for a knight, then! Hmm, he's pretty feisty. How about "Sir Pouncelot"?
Sir Pouncelot: Meow!
Rosaria: You really do have a way with cats. He looks way more at ease now.
Paimon: Paimon thinks you deserve to take the credit this time. Sir Pouncelot seemed to calm right down after everything you said to him!
Traveler: You're getting much better with them, Rosaria!
Rosaria: It doesn't matter to me either way. Although... The fact that they're cute doesn't hurt.
Paimon: Let Paimon show you how to put Sir Pouncelot completely at ease! Paimon just needs to work a bit more of her magic, and he'll be as happy as can be!
Traveler: Hopefully you're finding this gig a bit more fun, too!
Traveler: There's something almost... dignified about him...