# Search Chronicle: Audience with the Solitary King!

Ranjit: So we're here in the end...
Traveler: What about your childhood dream?
Ranjit: When I became an adult, I finally understood why the Forest Watchers had made those faces they did...
Ranjit: *cough* But anyway, I gave it my best shot.
Ranjit: I also learned that you should never bring unprocessed Pyro Regisvine fruit near a Jadeplume Terrorshroom...
Ranjit: By the time I smelled something burning, it was already too late. Barely avoided drowning in the spores it poured forth.
Ranjit: It's easy to forget, sometimes, that Fungi are a completely different species from Shroomboars.
Paimon: Anyway, speaking of which, they actually are a type of fungus, right?
Ranjit: That's right, and they taste especially delicious in soups.
Paimon: But anyway, let's get back to today's challenge.
Ranjit: Well, I haven't figured out what to cook ye... Oh! Right, uh, you mean the "negotiations." Sorry.
Ranjit: Perhaps you've heard the story of the two Fontemer Aberrant overlords? It speaks of how the Millennial Pearl Seahorse is described as being "proud" and "noble."
Ranjit: By contrast, the Emperor of Fire and Iron seems to be a fierce, cruel being, strong but brutal.
Paimon: And here Paimon thought you'd pick the tougher opponent. After all, wouldn't a stronger opponent make for a cooler story?
Ranjit: That is true, but the Emperor is a heavily-armored crab... While the other party's a seahorse that flies!
Traveler: I wonder, would you call a flying seahorse a Pegasus instead?
Paimon: Wait, is that the question we should be asking right now?
Ranjit: Still, if I could only ride it, even once...
Paimon: Well, sure then. Looks like you're sticking this one out to the end.
Ranjit: Well, we are here, aren't we? Surely we can't leave empty-handed? Anyway, let's head out once you're ready.
Traveler: I'm ready.
Traveler: I've got other things to handle. See you in a bit.
Ranjit: No worries. I'll wait for you here.
Traveler: Makes no difference to me...