# Missing title (4022397767)

Gama: Help! Help me!
Gama: I heard that our leaders were struggling to cope with Supada no Hiko's rebellion, and that the Dainichi Mikoshi was undefended, so I got to thinking a thought that I shouldn't have...
Gama: Please, good warden, please spare my unworthy life! I have a sickly mother to feed and 12 orphans to bring up! Please have mercy, treat me as but a mere fart to be ignored!
Traveler: Ahem...
Gama: Eh? Oh, so you're not one of the guards around the Dainichi Mikoshi.
Gama: By the looks of your unusual garments... Might you be someone in the same line of work as me — you know, just from someplace else?
Paimon: Who'd want to be in your line of work!?
Gama: Oh, come now, there's no need to play pretend. *sigh* I must be the unluckiest person ever. It took me so much effort to get into the Dainichi Mikoshi, and just as I was planning to make a real fortune... I wound up being caught in a mechanical trap.
Gama: I guess this just isn't the day for "robbing the rich to pay the poor."
Paimon: Bah, call a spade a spade, call a thief a thief!
Gama: And what would you know about that? The big shots listen to decadent music, eat well, and drink lavishly, while we bottom-dwellers work ourselves to the bone tossing out their chamber pots and warming their sandals! Where's the logic in that?
Gama: Let me tell you a secret — consider it repayment for saving my life. I gave the artisans maintaining this place a little something to loosen their tongues, and they told me that there are two more rooms in this place that are used to store treasure.
Paimon: Two more!
Paimon: #Well, uh, {NICKNAME}, what say you and Paimon do some "robbing the rich to pay the poor" ourselves, eh?
Gama: However, I don't know where these rooms are. Those artisans didn't dare to tell me anything more.
Gama: Consider that intel my gift to you!
Paimon: Well, no one's in Enkanomiya right now, so let's go see what ancient relics we can find in those rooms, shall we?
Paimon: #C'mon, {NICKNAME}, let's have a little sneaky look around!