# Talk Group: ActivityGroup - 2029

## Talk 0

Unknown Role (None): Have a question for me, cutie?

Unknown Role (None): About brewing potions...

Unknown Role (None): All you need to do is add the ingredients into the cauldron, follow the steps provided, and you're good to go.

Unknown Role (None): Using different herbs in the brewing process will, in turn, alter the effects of the potion. There's a whole bunch of combinations to try.

Unknown Role (None): About cultivating herbs...

Unknown Role (None): Bio-alchemical processing can infuse herbs with different effects and properties. The type of potion you want to brew will determine what kinds of herbs you need to cultivate.

Unknown Role (None): About the market...

Unknown Role (None): You'll need to consult the news of the market to determine what kinds of potions to brew.

Unknown Role (None): I already took the liberty of compiling the latest details on the market for you. You can find the information I collected right by those shelves over there.

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if there's anything else you want to ask, don't hesitate to come and find me.

## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Hello there! As always, I, Freda, will do my best to assist you today.

Unknown Role (None): Purchase supplies...

Unknown Role (None): Goodbye.

Unknown Role (None): Best of luck with your business!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Have a question for me, cutie?

Unknown Role (None): About improving efficiency...

Unknown Role (None): After observing your work, I made note of several improvements we can make to the brewing, cultivation, and sales aspects of the business.

Unknown Role (None): Freda can tell you more about implementing these upgrades.

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if there's anything else you want to ask, don't hesitate to come and find me.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Hello there! As always, I, Freda, will do my best to assist you today.

Unknown Role (None): Improve operating efficiency...

Unknown Role (None): Purchase supplies...

Unknown Role (None): Goodbye.

Unknown Role (None): Best of luck with your business!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): So, are you ready to make more Mora with me?

Unknown Role (None): Check potion requirements...

Unknown Role (None): According to my keen market sense, these are the kinds of potions that are currently in demand.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe later...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, okay. But don't wait too long. When it comes to making Mora, you've got to strike while the iron is hot!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Hello there. The potions from earlier have sold out.

Unknown Role (None): I've organized the sales data for you. Feel free to have a look.

Unknown Role (None): Let's skip right to talking about this deal, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Check potion requirements...

Unknown Role (None): According to my keen market sense, these are the kinds of potions that are currently in demand.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe later...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, okay. But don't wait too long. When it comes to making Mora, you've got to strike while the iron is hot!

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Greetings. I'm Deyou, a merchant from Liyue.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, are you here to purchase potions, too?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Your store's doing pretty well, so I'm sure my sales will be good this time... Yeah, very sure...

Unknown Role (None): You don't sound very confident...

Unknown Role (None): Hey now, our potions are selling super well — orders just keep pouring in, we can barely cope!

Unknown Role (None): My apologies. I'm not doubting your sales figures...

Unknown Role (None): It's my business that hasn't been going too well. Every time I buy popular products, they just don't sell before prices go down all around — I post losses nine out of ten times.

Unknown Role (None): I always convince myself it's just bad luck, but if I have nothing but bad luck, does that mean that I'm just... not cut out for this...?

Unknown Role (None): If I don't make any money this time, I'll pack up, head home, and just work for my father.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe you're just choosing the wrong products?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the issue is with your sales strategy.

Unknown Role (None): Is that so...? I suppose there's still much for me to learn.

Unknown Role (None): Right. You're right. I can't stay down like this. I'll make money this time — and I'll impress my father, make him see what I'm made of...

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Down to business. Let's talk terms.

Unknown Role (None): Check potion requirements...

Unknown Role (None): These are the types of potion I plan to purchase this time.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe later...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. Caution is the better part of valor — and business.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Down to business. Let's talk terms of cooperation.

Unknown Role (None): Check potion requirements...

Unknown Role (None): These are the types of potion I plan to purchase this time.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe later...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. Caution is the better part of valor — and business.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): The potions from last time have all sold out.

Unknown Role (None): This is the sales situation...

Unknown Role (None): I look forward to working with you in the future!

Unknown Role (None): Check potion requirements...

Unknown Role (None): These are the types of potion I plan to purchase this time.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe later...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. Caution is the better part of valor — and business.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Well, well, well. Your business sure is booming, cuties.

Unknown Role (None): Sure enough, entrusting this job to you was the right choice.

Unknown Role (None): Don't forget to take a rest if you need it, though. A cup of tea can do wonders when you're tired.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Public reception towards alchemical potions has been much more favorable than expected.

Unknown Role (None): If things continue like this, the potions industry could end up becoming a new revenue stream for the entire region of Mondstadt...

Unknown Role (None): We've got more than enough time to make big plans for the future. Right now, we should focus on the hard-earned success we've been able to achieve so far. How about we find a time to celebrate together?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, a celebration! As long as there's yummy food, Paimon's in!

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Once I've made the preparations, you'll be the first to know. I'll even do you the honor of extending your invitation in person, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): That does sound nice. You certainly deserve to relax after all your hard work.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): #Greetings, Traveler, Paimon, and Lisa!

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose! It's been a while since the last time we saw you!

Unknown Role (None): On the way here, I overheard quite a few people talking about alchemical potions.

Unknown Role (None): At first, I was worried something might have gone wrong with the herbs, but judging by the way people were talking, it seems like they were pretty pleased with the results!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Sucrose, your bio-alchemical expertise was exactly what we needed for potion making.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! We've been able to make potions with all sorts of different effects!

Unknown Role (None): #You mastered potion-making in such a short amount of time? I guess that's expected for someone of your talent, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): #I wouldn't be surprised if he became a potion master one day.

Unknown Role (None): I've still got a long way to go...

Unknown Role (None): I'm just a beginner.

Unknown Role (None): #Still, if you managed to master potion-making in such a short amount of time, Traveler, we should be able to start teaching the public about it as well.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, was that also a part of Jean's plan?

Unknown Role (None): Yep. It's something she and Mr. Albedo talked about... As I understand it, the goal was not just to create and sell potions, but also to teach the principles and practices of alchemy to the people.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to your shop, the public's understanding of alchemical potions has increased quite a bit. Perhaps, one day, they'll even be able to make simple potions themselves...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, without the proper training, though, those potions could be dangerous to use...

Unknown Role (None): #You're right... With Lisa there to mentor you, Traveler, we could rest assured that nothing would go wrong during the potion-making process. However, when it comes to the general public, we have to think of a way to ensure that any resulting potions would be safe to use.

Unknown Role (None): So, Mr. Albedo is planning to establish a set of criteria to evaluate various levels of potion-making ability. People will have to pass the exam that corresponds to their level of proficiency before being allowed to brew their own potions.

Unknown Role (None): Let me guess... You would like us to also take part in this exam?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, although it would probably be more accurate to say that... we would like you to help us finalize the contents of the exam.

Unknown Role (None): #In order to ensure a proper level of difficulty, we need to first collect the relevant data. That's where our mock exam comes in. If you could take it, Traveler, your results would serve as a very important reference for us.

Unknown Role (None): You will, of course, be compensated for your efforts!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, what a great idea! I must admit, I'm very interested to see how much my cutie's alchemy skills have improved.

Unknown Role (None): I guess I could give it a go.

Unknown Role (None): Bring it on!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, confidence is a good look on you, cutie!

Unknown Role (None): Wonderful. Then let me explain a little bit about how the exam works. The exam has four levels: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, and Expert.

Unknown Role (None): To pass, all you need to do is brew a potion within the time limit that satisfies the main objective.

Unknown Role (None): Satisfying additional objectives will earn you extra rewards.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, all this is starting to sound pretty official. Paimon's nervous all of a sudden.

Unknown Role (None): Just do what you normally do and you should be fine. If you don't pass the first time around, you can always retake the exam, so no need to put too much pressure on yourselves.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, retakes are allowed! Phew, that's a relief!

Unknown Role (None): Yep! Just let me know when you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): I still need a little more time...

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Beginner exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Hm, your movements are quite practiced, and your potion meets the requirements as well. Congratulations on passing the Beginner exam!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, that was a piece of cake!

Unknown Role (None): It had its challenging moments.

Unknown Role (None): Even so, it was no match for your skills.

Unknown Role (None): That was nothing.

Unknown Role (None): Wow... I really thought it would be more difficult for someone so new to potion-making.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I believe I've collected all the necessary feedback... Looks like we'll have to make some adjustments to the level of difficulty for the actual exam.

Unknown Role (None): #I'm going to head back to the lab now. See you later, Traveler and Paimon!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Eh, you are still pretty new to this. A few mistakes here and there are to be expected...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Paimon just got a bit flustered when she remembered she was taking an exam...

Unknown Role (None): Guess we didn't prepare well enough...

Unknown Role (None): We were so close...

Unknown Role (None): Don't get discouraged. I also made all sorts of mistakes when I first started doing experiments. You know what they say — Practice makes perfect! I'll come back later and you can try again.

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, how's the potion-making been going lately?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose, you're back!

Unknown Role (None): It's been going great!

Unknown Role (None): I should have known. You really do have a talent for alchemy.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure this exam will also be a walk in the park for you.

Unknown Role (None): We're still working out some kinks...

Unknown Role (None): Well, you just need to keep practicing! You'll get the hang of it in no time.

Unknown Role (None): As for the Intermediate exam, just think of it as a practice session, and you'll be fine.

Unknown Role (None): Well, ready to begin?

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): I still need a little more time...

Unknown Role (None): Alright! No rush! Take as much time as you need.

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the Intermediate exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): Alright! No rush! Take as much time as you need.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Let me see... Yep, looks like your potion meets the requirements. You've passed once again!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, we're getting pretty good at this!

Unknown Role (None): I'm so glad I asked for your help... Please, take this for your trouble.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): It's alright. You'll get there. You just need a bit more practice.

Unknown Role (None): I'll come back later, and you can try again.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Hi, you two! It's been a while, hasn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're back! Wait... That must mean there's a new exam!

Unknown Role (None): Yep. It's time for the Advanced exam. This one will be harder than previous exams, but I'm sure you'll do just fine.

Unknown Role (None): I'm a little nervous.

Unknown Role (None): I'll do my best.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. I actually had Mr. Albedo take a look at your previous potions. He was a bit amazed that someone so new to potion-making could already produce such an impressive result.

Unknown Role (None): He even told me that, for someone of your talent, we could stand to set harder questions.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, the recognition feels nice and all... But, Paimon feels even more pressure now.

Unknown Role (None): If we don't pass this time, it'll be super embarrassing!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry too much about that. Lots of things in life require a couple of tries before you get it right.

Unknown Role (None): When I first started working as Mr. Albedo's assistant, all sorts of unexpected things would go wrong during my experiments...

Unknown Role (None): For example, when I was studying the properties of Mist Flowers, I accidentally froze all the equipment in the lab. I basically turned them into ice sculptures. Our precision instruments were nearly ruined beyond repair.

Unknown Role (None): Another time, I let a reagent boil for a little bit too long, and all the precious ingredients inside got charred to pieces. The smell was so bad, several knights passing by thought the lab had caught on fire...

Unknown Role (None): Back then, I would get really hard on myself whenever things went wrong, but eventually I realized that, in order to make new discoveries, you have to accept the risk of failure.

Unknown Role (None): A fear of making mistakes will prevent you from truly going after what it is that you want.

Unknown Role (None): You're absolutely right! Hey, you're actually really good at motivating people!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it's just my experience talking — I've spent a lot of time doing research in the lab after all. Anyway, as long as you try, you'll learn something valuable from the experience.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Wow, you even breezed through the Advanced exam...

Unknown Role (None): Ever thought about helping out around the lab?

Unknown Role (None): #Drop everything and pursue the path of an alchemy master... Huh, what do you say, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Not sure we're quite ready for that yet.

Unknown Role (None): But we can certainly help out.

Unknown Role (None): If we work together, I'm sure we could make something super amazing!

Unknown Role (None): By "super amazing," do you mean you already have something in mind?

Unknown Role (None): Well, in the past, my research was mainly focused on the study of plants. But this experience has shown me that potions can have all kinds of effects on people as well...

Unknown Role (None): So, I started thinking — what if potions could have an even greater effect on people? Like... what if they could be used to help people unlock their hidden potential?

Unknown Role (None): A memory-enhancing potion, for example, could help people memorize a whole library's worth of knowledge in a single breath.

Unknown Role (None): Alternatively, a strength-enhancing potion could make it so that Paimon could take down an Abyss Mage all on her own.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, Paimon didn't know you could make potions like that! Sounds awesome!

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's certainly theoretically possible. Alchemy is, in itself, a way to explore the unknown. It's a discipline with endless potential. In fact, current research has barely scratched the surface of what's possible with alchemy.

Unknown Role (None): Theory, though, is always easier than practice. And with alchemy, there are simply too many things that you have to take into consideration. Just off the top of my head, there's the theory of sublimation, the potion's mechanism of action, and the innate metabolism of the person consuming the potion...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, Paimon didn't quite catch all that...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, my bad... We can talk about the details some other time. If you're interested, just stop by the lab.

Unknown Role (None): Sweet! Watch out, world — with a cool potion from Sucrose, Paimon will be able to become the strongest guide in Teyvat in no time!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'll be off, then. Only one more exam to go! I imagine you and I will both have some final preparations to make.

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Uh, this one was designed to be a bit difficult...

Unknown Role (None): I couldn't even follow the steps!

Unknown Role (None): Alchemy is way too hard!

Unknown Role (None): You actually already have a lot of experience under your belt. I'm sure you just made a few silly mistakes. Maybe you exhausted yourself from working too hard recently.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, don't worry about it. We'll continue with the exam once you take a much needed break.

## Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose, you're here! Oh, is it time for the Expert exam already?

Unknown Role (None): Our alchemy skills are improving so fast, Paimon can barely keep up!

Unknown Role (None): Your progress has been very impressive. In fact, according to the way Mr. Albedo designed the exams, passing the Expert level would mean you're now qualified to mentor other people.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, we could start to teach other people?

Unknown Role (None): Then Paimon's totally going to start a class! Hmm, let's see, how much should Paimon charge per student...

Unknown Role (None): Well, all Paimon knows right now is that, for homework, her students are gonna have to use alchemy to make all sorts of tasty treats, hehe. Paimon'll be sure to give them lots of feedback... on their alchemy skills, of course!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Let's focus on the exam for now.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure this one will go just as well as the others.

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready to begin whenever you are. I'll be rooting for you!

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): I still need a little more time...

Unknown Role (None): Of course. This is the final exam. Take as much time to prepare as you need.

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Expert exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. This is the final exam. Take as much time to prepare as you need.

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let me give your potion a try... Yep, the effect looks good. The quality of your potion is quite high as well. Your talent in this discipline is truly remarkable.

Unknown Role (None): So, we passed? Can we teach alchemy now?

Unknown Role (None): What an amazing achievement, cuties. Congratulations.

Unknown Role (None): I guess we've learned a thing or two about potion-making.

Unknown Role (None): But we're still by no means experts when it comes to everything else.

Unknown Role (None): Now is not the time to be humble.

Unknown Role (None): You mastered potion-making in such a short amount of time. That's an impressive achievement no matter how you look at it.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! I was also really surprised at how quickly you picked it up. I thought it would have taken way more time...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, thank you so much for your help. Your participation has allowed me to collect some very valuable data. With everything we've learned, we should be able to offer the official exams soon.

Unknown Role (None): This is sure to be a critical moment in the development of the alchemical potions industry.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon feels like she just took part in something super important!

Unknown Role (None): Of course! You two are practically pioneers! What you've been able to contribute to the field of alchemy is as impressive as a biologist discovering a new species!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway... I should probably head back and go over the data I've collected.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, thanks again for your participation. If you have some free time, please stop by the lab!

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): Noo, we didn't make it! This exam was way too hard.

Unknown Role (None): We were too slow...

Unknown Role (None): We went over the steps in the wrong order...

Unknown Role (None): It's alright! This was the Expert exam, after all. It's really difficult to pass on your first try.

Unknown Role (None): I'll come back once you've had some more time to prepare. Keep at it! I know you'll succeed in the end!

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what's up.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, it's been a while.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, Beidou and Eula! Wait... You two know each other?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't expect to see you two together.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, well we haven't known each other long, but we hit it off right away! I guess it was meant to be.

Unknown Role (None): I met Captain Beidou at Dornman Port. She was here in Mondstadt to buy some supplies, and I offered to accompany her around the area.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Eula taking the initiative and making friends? ...Did Paimon hear that right?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, given that the two of us just met, I wouldn't go so far as to call us "friends" just yet. I was just... being hospitable. As is expected of a Knight.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? I thought we were getting along pretty well... You're telling me you were just being polite?

Unknown Role (None): Oh no, I didn't mean it like that. I just thought that... after my blunder earlier, you probably wouldn't want to be my friend...

Unknown Role (None): Come on, it was just a little misunderstanding, that's all. You're still beating yourself up about that? Honestly, I'd forgotten all about it.

Unknown Role (None): Misunderstanding? What happened?

Unknown Role (None): Well, a few days ago, after docking at Dornman Port, I thought I'd treat the crew to some time at the tavern to blow off some steam.

Unknown Role (None): While we were there, an argument broke out between a couple of drunk guys. Things looked like they were about to get physical, so I intervened to try and break it up.

Unknown Role (None): I tried talking to them, but they were in the mood for a fight, and my words fell on deaf ears. So I had to resort to, uh... a more "hands-on" way of getting them to calm down.

Unknown Role (None): Eula was patrolling the area while all this was going down, and when she walked in... It wasn't a pretty sight...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, I should probably take it from here.

Unknown Role (None): Recently, we've intercepted a string of attempts to smuggle goods through Dornman Port, so we decided to step up our patrols in the area.

Unknown Role (None): On my rounds that day, I noticed a group of people I'd never seen before — and they were sailors. My suspicions were raised, so I asked their captain to show a valid entry permit for the port.

Unknown Role (None): Captain Beidou said she didn't have the entry permit on her person and told me to check with the port authorities myself. I insisted that she should accompany me there, and well... you can see how things could get heated in a situation like that.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you were just doing your duty. It was my fault, really. I should've watched my tone, but I'd had a few too many, and... Anyway, it all worked out in the end. I took Eula back to my ship, showed her my documents, and that was that. Misunderstanding resolved.

Unknown Role (None): I felt bad, though, so I told her I'd treat her to a drink when we got back to the tavern.

Unknown Role (None): Once we got to talking, we really hit it off. We sat there chatting until the tavern was about to close.

Unknown Role (None): Captain Beidou mentioned that she wanted to have a look around the city the next day. I was also planning to head back to headquarters to submit some paperwork, so we decided to go together.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I meant to say earlier... Drop the "Captain" and just call me Beidou. There's no need for formalities between friends.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yes, of course. Pardon me for being so formal... Anyway, as for why we're here, I heard about your shop when I got back to headquarters, and after discussing it with Beidou, we decided to stop by and say hello.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! Plus, I'm curious to see what the deal is with these Mondstadt potions you've been brewing up.

Unknown Role (None): Since you came all this way...

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you buy some to bring back with you?

Unknown Role (None): Could do... although I don't have any health issues, and my ship's already stocked with everything I could need out on the ocean.

Unknown Role (None): Lemme think... Oh, do you have a potion that helps with getting to sleep?

Unknown Role (None): Are you having trouble sleeping, Beidou?

Unknown Role (None): No, not me. The minute my head hits the pillow, it's lights out until the next morning!

Unknown Role (None): It's just that, I have this friend... She doesn't lack for anything, and she eats right and drinks right, but she just doesn't sleep well. I don't know if it's a case of affluenza, or if she just has too many things on her mind.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, this "friend" you're talking about, you must mean...

Unknown Role (None): Yep. She's no stranger to rare and precious treasures, but I'd wager that, to her, the chance to relax and get a good night's sleep is rarer than any treasure in her collection.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, we'll get started on that order for you right away!

Unknown Role (None): Great! Thanks for the help!

## Talk 32

Unknown Role (None): We're back! Eula took me for a stroll around Starfell Lake. The scenery is amazing, especially from up in the hills.

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad you liked it. I was worried I might have bored you with all the aimless wandering...

Unknown Role (None): Not at all! You're talking to someone who spends most of her days at sea. The opportunity to take a nice stroll through the woods is actually pretty special.

Unknown Role (None): #So, how's that potion coming, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): We still need a little more time!

Unknown Role (None): It's almost there!

Unknown Role (None): No worries. I've got plenty of time before I have to head back.

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): How's the potion-making going? Hope you didn't run into too much trouble...

Unknown Role (None): Hand over the potion...

Unknown Role (None): We just need a bit more time.

Unknown Role (None): Take all the time you need! Just let me know when you're ready.

## Talk 34

Unknown Role (None): What about you, Eula? Is there something we can make for you?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I don't want to put too much on your plate. It wouldn't be fair to ask you to make so many potions at once.

Unknown Role (None): Beidou came all this way... Her order should take priority.

Unknown Role (None): Any potion requests I have on my end, I'll just submit to Lisa later — the same goes for anything the Reconnaissance Company needs as well.

Unknown Role (None): Aww, you're so considerate of other people.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh, you think so...? The Knights have always looked after me so well... Maybe it's rubbed off on me a little, or something.

Unknown Role (None): But I still have a lot to learn... The next time things get heated, I should approach the situation in a more level-headed way.

Unknown Role (None): I think you're doing great.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone can see how hard you're trying.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Compared to when we first met, you're practically picking up friends left and right!

Unknown Role (None): It's just like that Tone-deaf Bard once said — the winds always change their course!

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, you two... Your kindness... really means a lot.

## Talk 35

Unknown Role (None): Perfect, looks like my gift is all set.

Unknown Role (None): Is it time for your return journey, then? If you're heading back to Dornman Port, I'd be happy to accompany you.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I think I've gotten my fill of sight-seeing, so it's probably time I headed back. Don't wanna keep my crew waiting.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, I'll see you some other time. Oh, and good luck with your business!

Unknown Role (None): On behalf of the Reconnaissance Company, I'd like to express my gratitude to you as well.

## Talk 36

Unknown Role (None): Huh, looks like potion-making is a pretty time-consuming endeavor.

Unknown Role (None): Why don't I show you a few more places while we wait? We can come back in a little bit.

Unknown Role (None): Alright! Catch you guys later!

## Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): Hello, everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, is that Master Diluc!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Diluc. What's someone as busy as you doing in this neck of the woods?

Unknown Role (None): It's really been a while!

Unknown Role (None): Fancy seeing you here, Master Diluc.

Unknown Role (None): Elzer told me the Knights launched a new commercial endeavor that turned out to be quite the hit. I think he was a bit surprised by the level of success, so he told me to come check it out.

Unknown Role (None): But, seeing as you two are the ones in charge, I'm really not surprised at all. The Knights definitely chose the most reliable people for the job.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, Elzer is the manager of Dawn Winery, right? Huh, Paimon thought he didn't get out much. Wonder how he heard about our shop...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, are we that famous already?

Unknown Role (None): No need to sound so surprised.

Unknown Role (None): The Winery keeps us all very busy. Elzer only takes the time to brief me with this sort of intel if he thinks we are faced with a real threat.

Unknown Role (None): In such a short amount of time, you've been able to establish complete production and supply lines, and even receive orders from all around Teyvat...

Unknown Role (None): If you were in the wine business, you'd already be one of our biggest rivals.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, woah! Threat? Rival?

Unknown Role (None): We're coming for your business!

Unknown Role (None): Let the trade war begin!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You sure seem eager, cutie.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you really want to go toe to toe with the number one wine merchant in all of Mondstadt. Are you just itching to see whose business prowess would come out on top?

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm, a competition with Traveler... That's not a bad suggestion.

Unknown Role (None): You're extremely knowledgeable and well-traveled. If we were to become competitors, I'm sure you'd throw many a challenge my way — probably even some I've never faced before.

Unknown Role (None): But, I was really just using the wine industry as an example to emphasize your success. Our two industries aren't exactly fighting for the same market space.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, the success of your potion shop is good for the Winery's business.

Unknown Role (None): Good for your business? Paimon's lost. You were just talking about how the two industries were separate, and now they're suddenly connected?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it's a bit convoluted.

Unknown Role (None): Alcohol is a commodity that most people consume in their free time. In order to have free time, though, you have to get off work early. For the alcohol industry to thrive, consumers need to have both the time and the money to spend.

Unknown Role (None): That's exactly right.

Unknown Role (None): Your potions allow people to work more efficiently. As they get more popular, people will be able to complete their work faster. The more free time people have, the bigger the market there is for a commodity like mine.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that makes sense! It's hard to be in the mood to go out and enjoy life if you're super busy all the time.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon never thought about it that way before... There sure are a lot of layers to running a business!

Unknown Role (None): Guess this means we're in the Mora-making business together, then. Hey, why don't you try out one of our potions?

Unknown Role (None): Please check out our offerings, dear partner!

Unknown Role (None): If you want something, just name it, and we'll make it!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, I do have quite the interest in the effects of alchemical potions...

Unknown Role (None): Well, since you offered, please make a potion that can reduce the anxieties of the user while also improving their attention to detail.

Unknown Role (None): Reduce anxiety while also improving the user's attention to detail? That almost sounds a little contradictory to me.

Unknown Role (None): I must admit to being curious. If my cuties do manage to make this potion for you, Diluc, how exactly do you intend to use it?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I mentioned before that people with ample free time are an important consumer base for my industry. But, actually, the same is true for people who are incredibly busy and overwhelmed with work.

Unknown Role (None): After a period of high stress, like a busy work day, it can take a while for people to fully decompress. It's also common for that type of stress to leave people so exhausted that all they can do is spend the rest of the day in a daze.

Unknown Role (None): That level of stress and exhaustion makes it hard for people to derive pleasure from things they usually enjoy... like relishing the flavor of their favorite food and drink.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You can say that again...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's definitely been there before. Sometimes, after a really long day, Paimon'll be so tired, but she just can't relax. Not even her favorite snacks would hit the spot like they usually do...

Unknown Role (None): My poor little cuties. Sounds like things can get quite tough out on the road... You know what, you just earned yourself some extra snacks at our upcoming tea party. Once this is all over, I'll personally see to it that you get the chance for a proper rest.

Unknown Role (None): So, basically, you need us to make a potion that decreases tension, but increases attention, so that people can still enjoy the finer things in life no matter how busy or stressed they are... Did Paimon get that right?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly. Wine is meant to be savored. Drinking it without being able to appreciate its subtle notes and characteristics is a loss not just for the winemaker, but for the consumer as well.

Unknown Role (None): If we can increase the alertness of those too exhausted to perceive the subtle notes, but decrease the restlessness of those too agitated to raise their glass, then we can be sure to reach a point of balance where all can enjoy their wine to the fullest extent.

Unknown Role (None): Excellently put, Master Diluc!

Unknown Role (None): I see the vision now!

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, um, it's definitely a unique request. Seems like this would be a tricky challenge for any potion-maker.

Unknown Role (None): We should get to thinking, then. First things first, let's figure out what ingredients to use!

## Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): #Hello, Traveler, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Have you made any progress with the potion I requested?

Unknown Role (None): #Right, the potion! You remember the details of the order, right Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): We've been working super hard on our potion-making skills recently, so we'll get right on it!

## Talk 39

Unknown Role (None): How's the potion coming? Have you finished?

Unknown Role (None): Hand over the potion...

Unknown Role (None): We just need a little longer...

Unknown Role (None): Not to worry. I know you're a trustworthy partner. With such individuals, I can be patient for as long as you need.

## Talk 40

Unknown Role (None): We're finished with the potion, Master Diluc! Please give it a try!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? I thought you might need more time, but it looks like you've already found the solution. Nice job.

Unknown Role (None): You hand over the potion to Diluc. After looking it over, he takes a small dose to test out the potion's effects...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, the effect is even more apparent than I imagined. Your many talents just keep on surprising me.

Unknown Role (None): On behalf of Dawn Winery, I would like to make a bulk purchase order for this potion. Oh, and don't worry about the delivery side of things. Elzer will send someone to pick up the potions once they're ready.

Unknown Role (None): My plan is to enlist the help of artisans to infuse candles and fragrances with the effects of this potion. Those products will serve as complementary gifts for customers to enjoy during wine tasting.

Unknown Role (None): So you plan to make alchemical potions part of the wine-drinking experience itself... Interesting. And very much in keeping with the Dawn Winery's way of doing business.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like our new product's a hit!

Unknown Role (None): We just secured a huge order from Dawn Winery!

Unknown Role (None): If our potion was enough to impress Master Diluc, Paimon's sure regular customers are gonna be even more amazed!

Unknown Role (None): Well, there's still work to be done, so I should probably head out. It'll take some time before we know exactly what the commercial impact of this combination will be.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, it's been a pleasure working with you. Here's hoping our two businesses will have a long and successful partnership. I hope those orders will keep on rolling in... for both our sakes.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and if you have some time, you should stop by Angel's Share to see your masterpiece in action.

Unknown Role (None): For sure! Paimon can't wait! Well, see you next time, Master Diluc!

## Talk 41

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, Paimon really doesn't know where to start...

Unknown Role (None): So many effects to keep track of.

Unknown Role (None): It's so hard to find the right combination!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. I know I'm asking quite a lot from you two. You must be busy with your other orders as well. When you've got that much on your plate, it's easy to slip up here and there.

Unknown Role (None): Just take it one step at a time, and you're sure to figure it out. I believe in you.

Unknown Role (None): Take as much time as you need, okay? I'm going to head back to the Winery for now.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, sure was nice of Diluc to encourage us like that... Let's work extra hard so we won't let him down!

## Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm? Traveler? Paimon? Huh, looks like you're running a business...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, hey Diona! And Tone-Deaf Bard! What brings you to the shop?

Unknown Role (None): I could smell what you were brewing from all the way across Cider Lake. Bards have an extremely keen sense of smell, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Again with the nonsense... Don't listen to him. We were actually in the middle of looking for some cocktail ingredients.

Unknown Role (None): Margaret is getting ready to run a new promotion at The Cat's Tail, so she asked me to come up with some new drink ideas.

Unknown Role (None): The bard over here is performing at the event. When he saw me getting ready to leave, he insisted on tagging along to help.

Unknown Role (None): Well, what better way to be the first to try your new concoction than by helping you collect ingredients?

Unknown Role (None): Well, that explains your enthusiasm, then. You're only that generous when alcohol is involved.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I was having some trouble coming up with new ideas for ingredients to use. I've already experimented with just about every ingredient you can find around Mondstadt — even the weirdest ones.

Unknown Role (None): The bard saw me struggling and told me he had an idea, so we split up for a while.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't get my hopes up, but sure enough, he came back a little while later with a rare ingredient I'd never used before...

Unknown Role (None): Oooh! What is it? Some sort of secret? C'mon, bring it out so we can see!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it's a bird feather I found on a ruin in Dragonspine.

Unknown Role (None): It was once buried in snow, and is still cold to the touch even now.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure it could be used to produce a drink with an entirely new sort of mouthfeel!

Unknown Role (None): Woah, well if anyone can find something like that, Paimon supposes it'd be you...

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, this ingredient is not easy to find. We'll probably use up the measly amount we've discovered with just the recipe testing alone.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about the ingredients, Diona. I'll figure something else out. You should head back, so you can get a head start on working that mixology magic of yours.

Unknown Role (None): Uh-huh, 'cause the sooner I get started, the sooner you get to take advantage of the fruits of my labor, isn't that right?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, well, just think of it as a way to pay me in advance for all my hard work, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): That still doesn't solve our problem, though...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, do you have any ideas for a new drink?

Unknown Role (None): How about a different approach?

Unknown Role (None): You could infuse drinks with different effects...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Infuse drinks with different effects... But, doesn't that bring us back to the ingredient problem all over again?

Unknown Role (None): #Oh! Paimon gets what he's saying.

Unknown Role (None): *ahem* You're looking at one of the most popular duos on the Mondstadt alchemy scene right now. Our potions are one of the hottest commodities in Teyvat!

Unknown Role (None): But... what do potions have to do with drinks?

Unknown Role (None): You can add them as an ingredient, of course! Potions can add all sorts of different effects... For example, with a little alchemy on your side, you could even make a drink that can heal a broken heart!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, I never knew potions could do something like that!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's example is a bit of a stretch...

Unknown Role (None): But, more reasonable effects are absolutely doable.

Unknown Role (None): I see. How about a potion that makes people never want to drink alcohol again? Could you make something like that?

Unknown Role (None): I could try.

Unknown Role (None): #Woah, woah, woah. Don't go making promises we can't keep, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): How are we supposed to make a potion like that!?

Unknown Role (None): Potions wear off over time...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's right. Even if we could make one that discourages people from drinking, it would only last for a little bit before wearing off.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, what a shame... And here I thought I'd finally be able to dismantle the entire Mondstadt wine industry in one fell swoop.

Unknown Role (None): It's okay, we'll try to see if we can find some other ways to help.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, I've always been curious, Diona — is there a particular reason you don't like alcohol?

Unknown Role (None): Hah, isn't it obvious? Ever been around a drunk person before? Let me tell you, it's not a pleasant experience!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so your gripe isn't really with alcohol itself, but the fact that it makes people drunk!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, this may sound a little weird, but I wonder if it's possible to use this mysterious alchemy craft of yours to make a drink that prevents people from getting intoxicated?

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm, so you mean, a potion that can keep someone sober and awake? Sounds like something we could do. Whaddaya say, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): If we just need to produce something that invigorates the mind...

Unknown Role (None): Should be doable.

Unknown Role (None): Perfect! I can just see it now! The more alcohol those drunkards consume, the more sober they'll become...

Unknown Role (None): They'll finally have to say bye bye to their days of drunken depravity!

Unknown Role (None): #It's decided then! Traveler, please make me a potion that can keep people sober!

Unknown Role (None): Gotta say, I'm starting to get really curious about what that drink's going to taste like.

## Talk 43

Unknown Role (None): Phew, we're back! That was quite the successful outing!

Unknown Role (None): Ingredient-collecting went a lot faster with my help, didn't it? C'mon, admit it!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I suppose you weren't entirely useless.

## Talk 44

Unknown Role (None): So, how's the potion coming? Finished yet?

Unknown Role (None): Hand over the potion...

Unknown Role (None): We're almost there!

Unknown Role (None): Take your time. This is a crucial part of my plan to take down the Mondstadt wine industry. I'll wait as long as it takes!

## Talk 45

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, if alchemy has the power to transform matter... I wonder if it could also be used to turn water into wine?

Unknown Role (None): Wouldn't it be amazing if all the water in Cider Lake turned into actual cider?

Unknown Role (None): In that case, at least, no matter how short on Mora I am, I'd never be short on liquor, haha...

Unknown Role (None): How about I treat you to a drink instead?

Unknown Role (None): A fine alternative, haha. Who would I be to refuse such a generous invitation?

Unknown Role (None): We'll go as soon as your work is finished. How does that sound?

Unknown Role (None): You really haven't changed at all... Just the mention of alcohol practically has you chomping at the bit!

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's not everyday I get the chance to reunite with such dear friends. What's a reunion without a generous serving of wine?

## Talk 46

Unknown Role (None): Wow, I can't believe I'm holding the key to shaking up Mondstadt's entire wine industry in my own two hands... Wowzaa!

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you so much, Traveler! I'm gonna head back and start developing my new drinks right away!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, don't leave without me! I thought you were gonna let me be the taste tester!

Unknown Role (None): Of course, hehe... Operation "eliminate drunkards" has just begun, and you, my friend, are my first test subject...

Unknown Role (None): #And just like that, another problem solved! Looks like you've done it again, Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Alcohol that doesn't make you drunk... If I'm able to develop something like that... I guess there really is a type of alcohol that I can get behind...

## Talk 47

Unknown Role (None): Huh, this potion is turning out to be trickier than Paimon thought it would be...

Unknown Role (None): Well, making a potion that has the power to topple the wine industry is sure to be complicated — more complicated than mixing drinks, at least.

Unknown Role (None): You know what? I'm gonna take a look around the area to collect some more materials.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, if you're looking for high-quality materials, I know just where to go!

Unknown Role (None): #Perfect! Lead the way... Traveler, Paimon, we'll see you later!

Unknown Role (None): Bye! See you soon!

## Talk 48

Unknown Role (None): Oho, so you're the ones behind the potion shop I've heard so much about! When it comes to fulfilling requests, I heard the customer's wish is practically your command.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Gorou? Where did you come from?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and Kirara's here too! What are you guys doing in Mondstadt?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't expect to see you here!

Unknown Role (None): What a pleasant surprise!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, the Komaniya Express operates all across Teyvat, so I'm always on the road.

Unknown Role (None): I'm actually pretty familiar with Mondstadt from my trips here in the past. General Gorou, on the other hand... seems to still be getting the lay of the land... He got lost not too far from here...

Unknown Role (None): *ahem* Well, I would normally be provided with ample intel before carrying out an operation in a foreign territory... But, Watatsumi Island isn't exactly home to many people who've been to Mondstadt. I wasn't even able to obtain a map of the region.

Unknown Role (None): I've basically had to perform initial reconnaissance in the middle of a formal operation — not exactly ideal conditions for an error-free mission!

Unknown Role (None): Affirmative, General! Next time, I'll procure the most detailed map available and make sure you have it at your disposal from mission outset! Over and out!

Unknown Role (None): You can drop the formalities, Kirara. I don't expect you to report back to me like I'm your commanding officer. We hired you as a consultant. It wouldn't be fair to treat you like one of my soldiers.

Unknown Role (None): Hey now, it's not like this is some one-sided partnership. We agreed, right? In exchange for my services, you'll help promote our business to the people of Watatsumi Island. Your good word will be integral in helping the Komaniya Express become people's first choice for all their delivery needs!

Unknown Role (None): Our future business is counting on you!

Unknown Role (None): Back to Paimon's question, though. You still haven't told us what you're doing in Mondstadt. You mentioned something about a mission?

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes... It's a funny story actually.

Unknown Role (None): Recently, Watatsumi Island has been looking for ways to increase transportation efficiency. Basically, this means improving the operations of our cargo ships. So, we decided to send teams across Teyvat to learn about the most advanced techniques different nations have to offer.

Unknown Role (None): We had just wrapped up our trip to Liyue when we heard word of your mysterious potion shop. So, we decided to postpone our return journey for a bit and come check it out.

Unknown Role (None): Turns out it was the right choice!

Unknown Role (None): Well, Paimon's gotta say, you've practically hit the jackpot by coming here! We've got stuff you can't find anywhere else!

Unknown Role (None): We'll make you something super special!

Unknown Role (None): We'll make sure you leave with something fun and useful!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? More customers from abroad? Hehe, my cuties sure are popular. You really do have friends all over Teyvat...

Unknown Role (None): Hm, looking at your two friends here... I can't help but be reminded of my dear little wolf cub... You know what? I should introduce you some time. For some reason, I have a feeling the three of you would really hit it off...

Unknown Role (None): In fact, once you've wrapped up your potion purchasing, why don't you both join me and my cuties for afternoon tea? I'll even bring my student along.

Unknown Role (None): Afternoon tea? Sounds great! I could really use some refreshments. Long days of deliveries always leave me parched. Thanks for the invitation!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, something tells me you're not going to take no for an answer, hehe... Wait, why does this feel so familiar...

Unknown Role (None): #Uh, anyway... Traveler, care to make some introductions?

Unknown Role (None): This is the guardian mage of tomes and spells!

Unknown Role (None): She also makes a mean cup of tea!

Unknown Role (None): G—Guardian mage? Wow, what an impressive title... Is it a position similar to that of a Guuji?

Unknown Role (None): Or, wait... Could it be that I'm in the presence of someone as high-ranking as Her Excellency, like Lady Sangonomiya herself!?

Unknown Role (None): #Honestly, Traveler... You're gonna give the guy a heart attack.

Unknown Role (None): Don't be nervous, Gorou. That's just, uh... a nickname! Her real name is Lisa. She's works as a librarian here in Mondstadt. And, she's also the person in charge of our shop!

Unknown Role (None): Lisa, this is Gorou. He's a suuuper powerful general from Watatsumi Island. And this is Kirara. She's a suuuper punctual delivery woman with the Komaniya Express.

Unknown Role (None): Kirara... Hmm, the name sounds familiar. Ah, the collection of books from Inazuma that I have in the library... You were the one who delivered them, yes? What a helpful little gem, you are!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I'm glad our paths have crossed again, Miss Lisa. I hope you'll consider me for future delivery jobs as well!

Unknown Role (None): As for my cuties' other acquaintance... I believe I've read a few articles about you, General Gorou. I seem to recall more than a few references to your empathetic nature and skillful approach to leading your troops.

Unknown Role (None): Let me guess... Your troops are also the focus of your potion inquiry here today?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly!

Unknown Role (None): Commercial activity between Watatsumi Island and other regions has been on the rise recently. The workload has increased so much, both the soldiers who work on our shipping convoys and the sailors who work on the merchant vessels are struggling to keep up.

Unknown Role (None): What would really come in handy would be a potion that could help them handle their intense workload. Like one that could enhance their energy and physical strength.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I could definitely use a potion like that as well!

Unknown Role (None): When I'm out on a long delivery, you wouldn't believe how tired my legs would get from trekking across all that rugged terrain — not to mention the damage it does to my paws.

Unknown Role (None): My cuties should be more than familiar with that kind of potion by now. I'm sure they'll have it done in no time.

Unknown Role (None): Should be doable.

Unknown Role (None): We've got this!

Unknown Role (None): Yep, leave it to us!

Unknown Role (None): Well, while you two hop to it, I'm going to find an idle knight to deliver a letter to my little wolf cub, and ask him to treat us to the pleasure of his company.

Unknown Role (None): Once my cuties are done brewing a potion that satisfies your needs, we'll all celebrate over afternoon tea!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, afternoon tea on the banks of Cider Lake... Wonder what that'll be like? I can't wait to find out!

Unknown Role (None): Phew, I'm just glad I've finally found a way to help my troops...

## Talk 49

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon! We're back!

Unknown Role (None): I just finished buying some souvenirs around the city. I believe you took a trip to The Cat's Tail, right Kirara? I saw you leaving, at least.

Unknown Role (None): Yep. I stopped by to visit my sweet little Diona, but she was nowhere to be found. Such a shame... Well, at least I still got a refreshing drink out of it. Maybe I'll have better luck next time.

Unknown Role (None): Still remember our request, you two?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! You're after a potion that could increase a person's energy and enhances their physical strength — a very practical request if Paimon does say so herself.

Unknown Role (None): Our potion-making skills are getting better by the second. We'll have it brewed and ready in no time!

## Talk 50

Unknown Role (None): ...I thought I've told you before, that if you want to pass through the forest undetected, you're gonna want to wet your tails. Wet fur doesn't get snagged on branches and twigs as easily as dry fur. You'll be able to slip on by, and your enemies will be none the wiser...

Unknown Role (None): Nuh-uh, that's not gonna happen. I can't stand my tails wet. I'd be better off... tying them in a knot or something — or better yet, improving my fighting skills so that I don't have to sneak by them in the first place...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're here! How's the potion coming?

Unknown Role (None): Hand over the potion...

Unknown Role (None): It's still in development.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'm rooting for you! I've seen how capable you are. No way a few alchemical roadblocks can stand in your way!

## Talk 51

Unknown Role (None): Gorou, Kirara, your potion is now ready! Why don't you give it a try?

Unknown Role (None): Wonderful! You two sure work fast!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): Wow! My right shoulder was acting up from using my bow so much... But a few drops of your potion, and the pain is completely gone...

Unknown Role (None): Th—The pain from walking on all that rough terrain... it's like it was never there! I thought you dealt in potions, not magic elixirs!

Unknown Role (None): With this in my arsenal, I bet I could deliver two hundred orders in a single day!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, looks like we've got another hit on our hands! Guess we can add the people of Watatsumi Island and the workers at the Komaniya Express to our list of happy customers!

Unknown Role (None): Another perfect result!

Unknown Role (None): Well done me.

Unknown Role (None): Well, now that our work is out of the way, there's nothing standing between us and that afternoon tea we were promised...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, perfect! Lisa's here.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry to report my little wolf cub appears to be busy. I sent someone to fetch him in Wolvendom, but he wasn't there... It's such a shame he's going to miss the opportunity to meet some fellow furry-eared companions.

Unknown Role (None): But, I'm sure you'll have the chance to meet in the future. In fact, the next time I see him, I'll be sure to tell him about the two of you. It'll give him something to look forward to.

Unknown Role (None): Lisa sets out a tableful of exquisite snacks and delectable tea. With good company by your side, the gathering turns out to be a very pleasant affair...

Unknown Role (None): While Kirara appears to enjoy her meal immensely, Gorou seems a bit nervous. His mannerisms bear a striking resemblance to how he acts around a certain Lady Guuji...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, you've placed quite the sizeable order. Thank you for your patronage, my Inazuman friends.

Unknown Role (None): If feedback on the potion is favorable, I hope you'll consider reupping your supply when the time comes. If making the journey proves too troublesome, we can always ship them to you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course! I have a feeling this super powerful alchemical craft of yours could be a game changer for the entire delivery industry!

Unknown Role (None): #Absolutely. I'll be sure to collect detailed feedback from my troops... Anyway, we should head out. Until next time, Traveler and Paimon. Oh, and it was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Guardian Mage.

Unknown Role (None): Bye Gorou! Bye Kirara!

Unknown Role (None): The next time I'm in Mondstadt, I should make it an official visit. A formal meeting between Her Excellency and the Honorable Guardian Mage is sure to be a momentous occasion!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, seems like that made-up title really had an impression on him. It's given him all sorts of funny ideas...

## Talk 52

Unknown Role (None): #Wow, potion-making is really complicated. I guess it's quite a time-consuming process, even for two people as capable as Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, watching them run around in circles like this is making me dizzy...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we've still got some details to work out. Sorry to keep you waiting...

Unknown Role (None): No worries! Take as long as you need! In any case, I was hoping I'd get the chance to walk around a bit more and familiarize myself with the terrain. It'll give me a chance to buy some souvenirs and books as well.

Unknown Role (None): I guess I'll take some time for myself too... Hmm, where should I go... Ooh, I know! The Cat's Tail!

Unknown Role (None): #See you in a bit, Traveler and Paimon. Be sure to pace yourselves, alright? Don't go working too hard on our account!

## Talk 53

Unknown Role (None): Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Beginner exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 54

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the Intermediate exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): Alright! No rush! Take as much time as you need.

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 55

Unknown Role (None): Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 56

Unknown Role (None): Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Expert exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Not yet, I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. This is the final exam. Take as much time to prepare as you need.

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 57

Unknown Role (None): Why, hello there, you two! You're ready for the alchemy ranking exam now.

Unknown Role (None): The exam has four levels: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, and Expert.

Unknown Role (None): To pass, all you need to do is brew a potion within the time limit that satisfies the main objective.

Unknown Role (None): Satisfying additional objectives will earn you extra rewards.

Unknown Role (None): Just let me know when you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 58

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 59

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 60

Unknown Role (None): Congratulations! You passed!

## Talk 61

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. I'll be back later.

## Talk 62

Unknown Role (None): Let's start the Intermediate Exam, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 63

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 64

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 65

Unknown Role (None): Congratulations! You passed!

## Talk 66

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. I'll be back later.

## Talk 67

Unknown Role (None): Ready to take on the Advanced Exam?

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 68

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 69

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 70

Unknown Role (None): Congratulations! You passed!

## Talk 71

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. I'll be back later.

## Talk 72

Unknown Role (None): Let's get to the Expert Exam, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 73

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's you again, Traveler! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 74

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

## Talk 75

Unknown Role (None): Congratulations! You passed!

## Talk 76

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. I'll be back later.

## Talk 77

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 78

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 79

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.

## Talk 80

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the exam.

Unknown Role (None): Check the exam requirements...

Unknown Role (None): Officially submit.