# Talk Group: ActivityGroup - 2016

## Talk 0

Lisa: Well, that was an interesting poem.
Razor: Already understand?
Lisa: Hehe... I am your teacher, after all. It wouldn't be much good if my mind couldn't keep up with my students'.
Lisa: But you should understand it however it makes sense to you. My little wolf cub will improve much more quickly that way.
Razor: Okay.

## Talk 1

Lisa: Ah, I'm much more suited to leisurely days like these...
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Lisa: I'd love to, cutie. Hmm, too bad I can't offer you some tea.
Traveler: About Varka...
Lisa: I was quite surprised to learn that the Grand Master had written a private message just for me.
Lisa: And I was equally surprised to find out that Razor's been on his mind this whole time.
Lisa: Especially given how demanding he is of Jean... He left her to figure out the whole Weinlesefest on her own, and didn't give her a single word of acknowledgment.
Lisa: I'll have to have to a stern word with him on Jean's behalf when he returns.
Traveler: About Razor...
Lisa: It's funny — I always thought the Grand Master was the one who gave him the name "Razor"...
Lisa: But it turns out his birth parents chose it all along.
Lisa: ...
Lisa: Anyway, Razor told me he heard the voices of his parents during the festival.
Lisa: "Like stepping on a rock in the sun. Warm, but also heavy."
Lisa: I'm sure he must think of them as both kind and dauntless people...
Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Lisa: Originally, I only planned on having a glass or two. I thought I deserved a treat after being such a good teacher recently.
Lisa: But that was before I came to appreciate how truly exceptional the festival-exclusive vintage was...
Lisa: Before I knew it, I was already rather tipsy, hehe...
Lisa: I'm a bad example. Don't be like me, cutie.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Lisa: Alright, but remember, it's important to rest when you're feeling tired. It makes my heart ache to see you so busy all the time.

## Talk 2

Venti: I didn't expect you to come by here. Unless... oh, were you following the fragrance of wine on the wind?
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Venti: Sure, the sound of your voice is always a pleasure to hear.
Traveler: About the blessings...
Venti: Blessings? Oh, that.
Venti: Between you and me... I breathed a sigh of relief when nobody said their wishes out loud during the toast. That would've really put me in a tough spot. Hahaha... The Anemo Archon, Barbatos, doesn't have unlimited power, you know.
Venti: I had to take a really deep breath to get the winds of the far-flung past blowing. I nearly went blue in the face.
Traveler: About Razor...
Venti: He's grown up so much recently... It's such a joy to see.
Venti: Huh... Suddenly I sound just like an old grandpa.
Venti: He was lucky to have friends like you ready to support him through all this.
Venti: I see a kind, gentle soul, with a healthy dose of romance and freedom, too... In other words, a true Mondstadter, who grew up drinking the water of Cider Lake.
Venti: You, on the other hand... Don't worry, you're the gentlest soul I've ever met.
Traveler: About drinking...
Venti: Oh, I've been very busy on that front. I'd long since drunk my fill by Windcoming Day.
Venti: But, uh, I wasn't counting on everyone bringing out their finest vintage to welcome me.
Venti: Ah, the fragrance alone was so intoxicating... I had no choice but to make room for a few more rounds...
Venti: Full disclosure — I also secretly hid two bottles away for myself at the end.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Venti: Then go, my friend. The stories that unfolded here shall be remembered by the wind in the form of verse.

## Talk 3

Razor: The wind is gentle, comfortable.
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Razor: Yes.
Traveler: About Varka...
Razor: The message in the letter... I want to thank him.
Razor: ...I miss him. Lupical miss him, too.
Razor: Now, I am grown up.
Razor: I want to hear him talk about human father and mother.
Traveler: About your parents...
Razor: Their voices. I heard them.
Razor: Human father and mother... were adventurers...
Razor: Teacher said, maybe they didn't survive...
Traveler: Aw, Razor...
Razor: I have a wooden box. Inside are treasures from my friends.
Razor: They are, most precious things I own.
Razor: ...
Razor: Inside box from human father and mother... is all about me...
Traveler: About friends...
Razor: A long time ago, I thought I was alone. Only have lupical.
Razor: Now, I know many people.
Razor: Everyone helps me. I will help everyone, too.
Razor: Humans, wolves, everyone.
Razor: I am the bridge between city and outside.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Razor: Okay. You go enjoy the wind.

## Talk 4

Diluc: So, what do you think of the Weinlesefest? Have you enjoyed yourself?
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Diluc: Well, what would you like to know?
Traveler: About Razor...
Diluc: *sigh* I can sympathize with the anguish of being away from family.
Diluc: Certainly, a tragic situation. But tragedy can also drive personal growth, and perhaps learning how to face it head-on is part of growing up... part of becoming an adult.
Diluc: Having the support of some good friends will certainly make that journey easier.
Traveler: About the voices...
Diluc: ...When I unsealed the wine, it seemed that the words of my late father were sealed inside.
Diluc: I wonder what he would think if he were to see me now.
Diluc: Somehow, I doubt he'd share the same view as he did back then.
Traveler: Of course he would.
Diluc: Heh...
Diluc: If you say so.
Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Diluc: To the people of Mondstadt, wine-making is a way of working through emotions, and remembering our history.
Diluc: We're only able to make such high-quality wines these days thanks to the peace we enjoy. War is a thing of the distant past.
Diluc: Even though you might not see me reveling with the crowds, I am grateful for this as much as anyone.
Diluc: Say, have you tried our latest product, "Fruits of the Festival"?
Diluc: If you have any thoughts on how it could be improved, I'm all ears.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Diluc: Sure. We'll talk when you're free.

## Talk 5

Rosaria: #Traveler, hello again...
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Rosaria: Sure. Did you have something you wanted to ask me about?
Traveler: About Varka...
Rosaria: Oh. Yes, I read his letter. Barbara showed it to me.
Rosaria: She'd been so worried about her father, Seamus. She almost burst into tears when she read that "the expedition is safe and all of its members are accounted for."
Rosaria: Hmm? ...My thoughts?
Rosaria: Hehe... You're curious what he means to me as a father figure, is that right? Well, I guess I'm not like other daughters. I can't bring myself to worry about him.
Rosaria: He wouldn't be leading that many people if he didn't have the necessary strength and courage for it. He's not the kind of person you need to worry about.
Traveler: About Razor...
Rosaria: So, he's finally come to terms with everything?
Traveler: At the very least, he's no longer lost and confused.
Traveler: He has a direction now.
Rosaria: Hmm, sounds like he still has some way to go before he can say he's fully independent. But everyone goes through their own life in their own way.
Rosaria: Well done. It sounds like your efforts were all worth it in the end.
Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Rosaria: I thought that if I made it to the Weinlesefest, I'd have the chance to spend a whole day in the tavern. Turns out, there's actually more work during a festival than usual.
Rosaria: I managed to escape to here, but I still can't completely let my guard down. Who knows when Victoria or Dahlia might show up and drag me off to the sung poetry event.
Rosaria: *sigh* The sooner this festival is over, the better.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Rosaria: Alright. But don't tell anyone else that I'm here. I don't want to have to move anytime soon.

## Talk 6

Sucrose: Hi there, are you here to take a look at my stall? I have a lot of newly developed research products.
Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Sucrose: Um, okay, go ahead...
Traveler: About your stall...
Sucrose: Oh, this?
Sucrose: I actually wrote out all the nutritional information and prices for my Bio-Alchemy products in advance. But the customers still prefer to ask directly...
Sucrose: So... I just read off the sheet for them...
Sucrose: Running a stall is a huge challenge for me.
Sucrose: Maybe I could get Noelle to interact with the customers, and I do the rest... Mmm, no, never mind... She's probably busy enough already.
Traveler: About your Bio-Alchemy products...
Sucrose: I have here the Iota-Series Rapid-Acting Deep Freeze Mist Flower, the Theta-Series Fragrance-Enhanced Sweet Flower, Variation 21...
Sucrose: And the Epsilon-Series Tetrasweet Sunsettia, Variation 63. I'm proud to put my name to all of these products!
Sucrose: You won't need me to read out all the details, right?
Traveler: About Razor...
Sucrose: I'm sorry for running off back then...
Sucrose: I just thought that you and Noelle would do a better job of expressing things than I could...
Sucrose: Did everything work out in the end? Mixing the Epsilon-Series Tetrasweet Sunsettia, Variation 63 with the other ingredients didn't cause any problems, did it?
Sucrose: Oh, and uh... how did things go with Razor...
Traveler: Don't worry. Everything turned out great.
Sucrose: Phew... Thank goodness.
Sucrose: Then... can I ask you for a favor? I want to make a note of the full recipe for the Thousand-Wind Wine we made.
Sucrose: That way, we'll be able to recreate the exact same flavor we did today in the future, no matter how many years go by.
Traveler: I'll leave you in peace.
Sucrose: Oh, sure. No problem.

## Talk 7

Georg: Are you here to set up a booth, too?
Georg: The wine market is being held outside of Springvale this time. Not only is the scenery gorgeous, but delivering goods there is pretty convenient.
Georg: But since we — that is, Angel's Share — have a large booth, it takes quite a long time to get everything set up.

## Talk 8

Georg: Would you like something to drink? Not only are we selling wine, but we are also acquiring all kinds of wine-making ingredients during the festival. You're welcome to come around and discuss anything you're interested in.

### Talk 8 related talk 0

Traveler: I'd like to sell wine-making ingredients.
Georg: Sure, these are the ingredients that we're buying at the moment.

### Talk 8 related talk 1

Georg: I'd like to buy some beverages.
Georg: Here's the menu.

### Talk 8 related talk 2

Traveler: About this booth...
Georg: Angel's Share participates in Weinlesefest each time, and plenty of folk come all the way here to Mondstadt to sample our limited-edition wines.
Georg: Back when Master Crepus was around, he'd come to us in person every year to drink a glass...
Georg: *sigh* I don't know why, but this festival always makes me nostalgic.
Georg: Diluc... I mean, Master Diluc has had a rough go of it these past few years, but he seems to be in good spirits this year.
Georg: As long as Master Diluc is well, I'm sure Master Crepus' spirit up above will also be pleased.

### Talk 8 related talk 3

Traveler: Bye.
Georg: See you. Come back any time!

## Talk 9

Leah: Forest boars make regular appearances during the harvest season, so you have to take extra care when delivering goods.
Leah: The Knight of Favonius and Springvale's hunters have already come up with a plan to drive the forest boars off. I hear that a youth who can talk to wolves will come and help as well...

## Talk 10

Leah: Welcome to Weinlesefest! If there's anything you need help with, please contact the Knights of Favonius.
Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Leah: Well, speaking of that, there's actually no requirement a location has to meet to host it. This celebratory event has been held in Mondstadt City itself several times before as well.
Leah: But personally, I prefer the site that they selected this year. Compared to the hustle and bustle of the city, Cider Lake has prettier scenery and a more rustic charm.
Traveler: About the Knights of Favonius...
Leah: As one of the festival's sponsors, the Knights of Favonius will maintain order on-site while ensuring that every guest will enjoy the festivities to the fullest.
Leah: As such, I'd also like to remind our guests to drink in moderation! Over-drinking and bothering other guests will result in a visit from us.
Traveler: Bye.
Leah: Bye, enjoy the festival!

## Talk 11

Diane: Sorry, but Diona will be on leave for the duration of the festival... Oh, you're not here to see Diona? That's rare.

### Talk 11 related talk 0

Traveler: I'd like to sell wine-making ingredients.
Diane: One moment please, let me have a look around for Miss Margaret's acquisition list. Now, where did I put it...

### Talk 11 related talk 1

Traveler: Diona and Margaret aren't here?
Diane: Yes, Miss Diona's mood tends to sour when Weinlesefest comes around, so Miss Margaret gave her some time off.
Diane: But that's understandable. After all, the number of booze hounds at the wine market far exceeds that which you might find at the tavern.
Diane: As for Miss Margaret, she certainly wouldn't pass up the festivities just to run the business. She's probably off somewhere drinking and having a good time as we speak.

### Talk 11 related talk 2

Traveler: Bye.
Diane: See you, happy Weinlesefest!

## Talk 12

Marcel: Come and buy some fresh fruit! All of them are freshly picked and suitable for eating or wine-making!
Marcel: I'll let you in on a little secret — at least half of the apples that Dawn Winery uses to make their Apple Cider come from us.

## Talk 13

Bulletin Board: "Our booth sells old books that the library regularly phases out. These books will not have missing pages and will not be torn, but they may show signs of age. Thanks for your understanding."
Bulletin Board: "All books are on sale at half price. All proceeds will go towards the total earnings of the Knights of Favonius' charity sale, which will be used to help Mondstadt residents in need."
Bulletin Board: "The vendor is out on business. Please take any books you need and place the money in the wooden box under the booth."

## Talk 14

Mats: All your general goods sold here at affordable prices, come and take a look!
Traveler: And you are...
Mats: Well, if it isn't the Honorary Knight! It's a pleasure to meet you!
Mats: I was doing business abroad previously, and I normally only come back during Weinlesefest. It's no surprise that we haven't met before.
Mats: If it's meant to be, I'm sure we'll meet again elsewhere!
Traveler: How's business these days?
Mats: Not bad at all!
Mats: As you can see, Weinlesefest is swarming with guests! I can make as much in one day here as I normally would in four or five!
Mats: I wish there were more lively festivals like this one!
Traveler: See you.
Mats: See you, may we meet again!

## Talk 15

Pauline: We sell all sorts of fresh flowers and plants here — looking to buy a few bouquets?
Traveler: And you are?
Pauline: Greetings, Honorary Knight!
Pauline: Perhaps you don't recognize me...
Pauline: But I'm a resident of Springvale, and I run a small flower shop.
Pauline: I'm always busy looking after the flowers and plants, so I haven't had any dealings with visitors from outside the town in a long time...
Pauline: I never thought I'd meet a celebrity like you this year. Perhaps it's good luck brought by the returning wind?
Traveler: Flowers and plants?
Pauline: I'm a keen gardener — the plants you see here? I grew them all myself. They're less common varieties that are purely ornamental.
Pauline: My hope is that such beautiful plants will lift everyone's spirits.
Pauline: However, because of their seasonal nature, I can only open for business at certain times of the year.
Traveler: Bye.
Pauline: Goodbye, have a nice day!

## Talk 16

Clemens: I'm a winemaker from Sailing Breeze. I came to this market specifically to purchase ingredients.
Clemens: You haven't heard of us at all? Heh, that's no surprise. We're an old brand, but we primarily do business overseas these days. We don't even have a shop in Mondstadt anymore.
Clemens: We can't compete with Dawn Winery, but Sailing Breeze has made quite a name for itself in Inazuma.
Clemens: That girl Karpillia was so desperate to expand into the overseas market, but it was the right call in the end.
Clemens: Thanks to her, my skills can still be put to good use even now.

## Talk 17

Lenne: Weinlesefest is the best festival for bards!
Lenne: Sampling fine wines while singing your heart out. This is the life of a bard, and that's how it's supposed to be.
Lenne: It's the perfect festival for getting those creative juices flowing. I really hope my poet friends from Inazuma can come and check it out as well.

## Talk 18

Mats: Yo, Honorary Knight! Would you like to hear good news from the shop?

### Talk 18 related talk 0

Traveler: What about the shop?
Mats: Haha, let me break it down for you, and you can tell me what you think!

### Talk 18 related talk 1

Traveler: Thank you for your hard work!
Mats: Saying that will out you as an outsider! It's not hard work, it's a good time!

## Talk 19

Pauline: Hello, do you have any new tasks?

### Talk 19 related talk 0

Traveler: What about the shop?
Pauline: You'll be pleased to know that business has been doing great recently.

### Talk 19 related talk 1

Traveler: You've been working hard!
Pauline: Thanks! I feel fulfilled to be able to do something for the elderly and the children!

## Talk 20

Bernhard: You're here! Would you like an update? Or, do you have a new business strategy?

### Talk 20 related talk 0

Traveler: What about the shop?
Bernhard: Everything is going well. Please listen to the business briefing!

### Talk 20 related talk 1

Traveler: Thanks for your hard work!
Bernhard: No worries, it's my honor to contribute to the charity sale!

## Talk 21

Mats: Yo, I heard the charity sale was a great success. Congratulations, Honorary Knight!
Traveler: This is the result of our collaborative efforts.
Mats: Hehe, good point!
Mats: This event has invigorated me. We didn't make money, but we had more fun than ever.
Mats: I guess it's the satisfaction of doing a good deed.
Traveler: Let's work together next time!
Mats: Sure! I'm about to leave, too!
Mats: Next time I'll be sure to try harder!

## Talk 22

Pauline: Honorary Knight, word around town is that the charity sale was a runaway success, all thanks to you, Paimon, Bernhard, and Mats!
Pauline: Even I got a taste of the limelight, getting a few "thank you" notes of my own...
Traveler: This is the result of our collaborative efforts.
Pauline: I haven't done enough, not as much as you guys.
Pauline: However, after listening to your business strategy, I felt I have learned a lot and have become a more skilled businesswoman!
Pauline: Anyway, many thanks!
Traveler: Let's work together next time!
Pauline: Please make sure to look for me when you get the chance.

## Talk 23

Bernhard: I'll take care of the shop's set-up. You two can focus on preparing the necessary funds!
Traveler: About how to prepare the funds...
Bernhard: You could help nearby customers place orders with the wine merchants or supply winemakers with ingredients...
Bernhard: Either method is fine, so you can just prioritize based on your preference.
Traveler: About the person in charge being appointed through draws...
Bernhard: Well... The person in charge was determined by a random draw mechanism that was intended to give each Knight an equal chance... to facilitate dialogue between us and the public...
Bernhard: I can do my usual work just fine. But when it comes to deciding on a direction or coming up with a plan, I'm always afraid that I'll make a mess of things...
Bernhard: So, it's a good thing that you, our Honorary Knight, have stepped up to the plate! You could say that you saved this charity event — not to mention me!
Traveler: Let me give it a try first!
Bernhard: Okay! I'm looking forward to hearing the good news from you.

## Talk 24

Georg: I'd like to buy some beverages.
Georg: Here's the menu.

## Talk 25

Traveler: I'd like to sell wine-making ingredients.
Georg: Sure, these are the ingredients that we're buying at the moment.

## Talk 26

Traveler: About this booth...
Georg: Angel's Share participates in Weinlesefest each time, and plenty of folk come all the way here to Mondstadt to sample our limited-edition wines.
Georg: Back when Master Crepus was around, he'd come to us in person every year to drink a glass...
Georg: *sigh* I don't know why, but this festival always makes me nostalgic.
Georg: Diluc... I mean, Master Diluc has had a rough go of it these past few years, but he seems to be in good spirits this year.
Georg: As long as Master Diluc is well, I'm sure Master Crepus' spirit up above will also be pleased.

## Talk 27

Traveler: Bye.
Georg: See you. Come back any time!

## Talk 28

Bernhard: Honorary Knight, Paimon, you've been running the shop for a while.
Bernhard: The current operation method of the store refers to the previous business activities, which is fine, but may not be applicable in all cases.
Bernhard: You are well informed and can think about your unique "business style" based on your experience with other business people.
Paimon: Oh! Is this what Bernhard meant earlier when he mentioned "Shop Stratagems"?
Traveler: We actually have quite a few ideas.
Bernhard: Okay! Then do whatever you feel is best, and I will do my best to carry out your orders!
Bernhard: At the same time, I will also help collect the experience of other businessmen and provide it to you.
Bernhard: I hope these notes will inspire you and give you new ideas!
Traveler: It's time to put them into practice.

## Talk 29

Bernhard: Honorary Knight and Paimon, the "owner's assessment" is here. Please cooperate with me!
Traveler: Owner's assessment?
Paimon: Sounds a bit like a legal examination. Are we supposed to fill out a... super-complicated answer sheet?
Bernhard: No no no. No need to be so formal. I just need your verbal answers!
Bernhard: Our store was in a special situation, and Leah was supposed to be inspecting me, but I already knew the entire safety manual by heart.
Bernhard: You two are in charge now, so Leah asked me to check you out on her behalf.
Bernhard: All you have to do is answer two questions and prove that you are safety-aware. I believe in you guys!
Bernhard: You can also get a reward if you answer correctly.
Paimon: Paimon was really nervous about the test just now! Well, now it sounds pretty simple.
Traveler: Let's do this.
Bernhard: Alright. First question.
Bernhard: "If a known alcoholic suddenly shows up in front of your shop intoxicated, what do you do?"
Traveler: What was he drinking?
Paimon: Hey! That's definitely wrong!
Bernhard: Well... the correct answer is "call the Knights of Favonius for support to prevent the other party from getting into a drunken accident"...
Bernhard: Still, according to the Honorary Knight's thinking, if it can fuddle even an alcoholic like that, it must be no ordinary drink.
Bernhard: Its stock is bound to be limited. If we join in, we can cut down on inventory in other stores.
Bernhard: Plus, there's another place on the market that sells it. It reduces the likelihood that drinkers will drink too much in one store.
Bernhard: Amazing! Thinking longer-term is indeed something more fitting for the Honorary Knight!
Paimon: #Bernhard... This logic is so complicated... You don't have to work so hard to bail Traveler out...
Bernhard: Alright, so next question...
Bernhard: "Items for sale are often boxed up and stacked, posing a fire hazard. As a shopkeeper, what measures would you take to prevent fire hazards?"
Traveler: Put a Cryo Slime in one of the boxes...
Paimon: Hey! Be serious!
Bernhard: Wait, I never thought about that before!
Bernhard: The way goods are stacked for sale is a problem that every shopkeeper faces.
Bernhard: Normally, a good answer would be along the lines that "it is very dangerous to concentrate a large number of wooden boxes together, and they should be stacked separately with proper ventilation in mind."
Bernhard: But that would make it cumbersome to pick up the goods, and it would be too much of a problem for understaffed stores.
Bernhard: Only those who are very strong can employ the Honorary Knight's method. But by ensuring the fire resistance of wooden cases, you can fundamentally solve the problem.
Bernhard: I remembered Timaeus in the city say that there is a coating laced with Slime Condensate that has a good fire resistance effect. That's for sure worth promoting!
Paimon: Bernhard... are you for real?
Paimon: #If Paimon knew Traveler could answer either way, Paimon would have jumped on those questions, immediately!
Paimon: Otherwise, as one of the store owners, Paimon isn't pulling any weight at all!
Bernhard: Please don't be discouraged, Paimon. The Honorary Knight's answers were light and witty, and also made sense. In a way, it's a lot like what you would say.
Bernhard: Perhaps the Honorary Knight's answers to the questions were inspired by you.
Paimon: Oh, really?
Traveler: Hehe.
Paimon: Hmph, that's right. Next time you have a question like that, let Paimon answer it.
Bernhard: Either way, I always learn a lot when I'm working with you two!
Bernhard: You passed! You gave excellent answers to both questions. Here is the reward from Leah, please accept it!
Traveler: You found me out.
Traveler: Put a Cryo Slime in each of the boxes...
Traveler: We'll be selling it too!

## Talk 30

Bernhard: You two! We've got a problem!
Bernhard: An unidentified man came quietly into the store, leaving a package and a letter.
Bernhard: The man said in his letter that he had heard about our charity sale, and remembered his financial hardships as a child. He was very touched.
Bernhard: He wanted every child to grow up happy, so he donated some Fairbrew Jelly and other goods for sale.
Paimon: This is the first time this has happened to us! Paimon's a little moved...
Traveler: But... why would he hide his identity?
Paimon: Maybe this guy has a low profile! Perhaps, doing good deeds without leaving a name also gives a special sense of accomplishment?
Bernhard: Maybe we should be more prudent...
Bernhard: I have heard that Treasure Hoarders have mixed counterfeit goods with ordinary goods for unsuspecting merchants to sell.
Bernhard: This way, they can successfully throw away the hot potato, and make Mora on the side.
Paimon: Paimon can't believe it! Those horrible Treasure Hoarders, how can they even cheat innocent shop owners and customers!
Paimon: #Paimon's suddenly a little nervous... Traveler, what do you think we should do with the package...

### Talk 30 related talk 0

Traveler: This will not affect the sales revenue.
Bernhard: Indeed, Knights of Favonius has done this before - auctioning off the loot of Treasure Hoarders to raise money for charity.
Bernhard: Even if the package's origins are questionable, it's all the same.
Paimon: Come to think of it, the Treasure Hoarders wouldn't dare do this in a Knight of Favonius' shop, would they?
Paimon: Besides, he just left the package and it didn't seem like he made half a Mora.
Paimon: People who are willing to follow the charity sale must be very kind, and we don't have to be so nervous!
Bernhard: Then we'll take this package. I'll make a note of it and report it to the head office.

### Talk 30 related talk 1

Traveler: Better check the package.
Paimon: Yup, let's be on the safe side!
Bernhard: I'll take the package back to the Knights of Favonius and have it verified.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard took the package to the Knights of Favonius headquarters...
Bernhard: It's approved, Honorary Knight and Paimon! There was nothing wrong with the content of the package!
Bernhard: Captain Hertha told us not to worry. In previous years, people have made such anonymous donations at the charity sale.
Bernhard: But this is still a good reminder. Recently, we've been following the Treasure Hoarders very closely, and it's possible they could use this trick to get out of trouble.
Bernhard: When Captain Hertha heard about it, she also made a donation to the sale from her own pocket to show her encouragement.
Paimon: Paimon sees... So the package is alright! Thanks to this mysterious kind soul. Paimon wishes him good fortune every day!

## Talk 31

Traveler: This will not affect the sales revenue.
Bernhard: Indeed, Knights of Favonius has done this before - auctioning off the loot of Treasure Hoarders to raise money for charity.
Bernhard: Even if the package's origins are questionable, it's all the same.
Paimon: Come to think of it, the Treasure Hoarders wouldn't dare do this in a Knight of Favonius' shop, would they?
Paimon: Besides, he just left the package and it didn't seem like he made half a Mora.
Paimon: People who are willing to follow the charity sale must be very kind, and we don't have to be so nervous!
Bernhard: Then we'll take this package. I'll make a note of it and report it to the head office.

## Talk 32

Traveler: Better check the package.
Paimon: Yup, let's be on the safe side!
Bernhard: I'll take the package back to the Knights of Favonius and have it verified.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard took the package to the Knights of Favonius headquarters...
Bernhard: It's approved, Honorary Knight and Paimon! There was nothing wrong with the content of the package!
Bernhard: Captain Hertha told us not to worry. In previous years, people have made such anonymous donations at the charity sale.
Bernhard: But this is still a good reminder. Recently, we've been following the Treasure Hoarders very closely, and it's possible they could use this trick to get out of trouble.
Bernhard: When Captain Hertha heard about it, she also made a donation to the sale from her own pocket to show her encouragement.
Paimon: Paimon sees... So the package is alright! Thanks to this mysterious kind soul. Paimon wishes him good fortune every day!

## Talk 33

Mats: This won't do. There won't be any end to this...
Paimon: What's wrong, Mats? What's up with the store?
Mats: It's an old problem. I have some daily necessities that have been shipped to my store, and they've been caught in the middle of the wind, waves, and tide.
Mats: I was hoping to dry them while we were open, in hopes that they would be ready to sell for cheap at the end of the festival.
Mats: But the sunshine in Mondstadt is too gentle, and we are here beside Cider Lake, where the air is humid. So far, nothing has gone as planned.
Mats: If it goes on like this, our daily necessities will get moldy.
Paimon: Hmm... this is a bit tricky.
Paimon: Maybe we can make a fire to dry the shipment... but that would be too dangerous... Bernhard and Leah would stop it.

### Talk 33 related talk 0

Traveler: You could try using Flaming Flower Stamens.
Paimon: Yeah, that's a good idea. The Flaming Flower Stamens are really hot and should be able to dry them out in no time.
Paimon: To be on the safe side, you can also put them in a large glass bottle, so you don't have to worry about fire spreading.
Mats: Good idea. I'll send someone to get the needed materials!
Mats: You two are very clever, and I am in your debt!

### Talk 33 related talk 1

Traveler: How about using Anemograna?
Paimon: You mean blowing the goods dry with the strong wind from the Anemograna?
Paimon: Hmm... The wind will be strong enough for sure, but won't it blow the goods away?
Paimon: Perhaps we can tie the boxes together and increase their total weight that way!
Mats: Huh. That's not a bad idea! I'll send someone to find Anemograna right now, and I'll send all the supplies over.
Mats: Thank you both very much. Please accept this as a token of my gratitude.

## Talk 34

Traveler: You could try using Flaming Flower Stamens.
Paimon: Yeah, that's a good idea. The Flaming Flower Stamens are really hot and should be able to dry them out in no time.
Paimon: To be on the safe side, you can also put them in a large glass bottle, so you don't have to worry about fire spreading.
Mats: Good idea. I'll send someone to get the needed materials!
Mats: You two are very clever, and I am in your debt!

## Talk 35

Traveler: How about using Anemograna?
Paimon: You mean blowing the goods dry with the strong wind from the Anemograna?
Paimon: Hmm... The wind will be strong enough for sure, but won't it blow the goods away?
Paimon: Perhaps we can tie the boxes together and increase their total weight that way!
Mats: Huh. That's not a bad idea! I'll send someone to find Anemograna right now, and I'll send all the supplies over.
Mats: Thank you both very much. Please accept this as a token of my gratitude.

## Talk 36

Pauline: Arranging flowers really is a science unto itself...
Paimon: Are you running into any problems, Pauline?
Pauline: It's not really a big deal.
Pauline: Usually, I always sell flowers by variety, because I think they would be clear to customers at a glance...
Pauline: But recently, I heard that combining several kinds of flowers can make them complement each other and look more beautiful.
Pauline: I tried to match the different flowers, and although I don't quite understand how it works, the business of the shop during the festival is significantly more busy.
Pauline: So I was wondering, how do you cultivate this particular kind of artistic sense? Do you have to find a professional mentor?
Paimon: Hmm, what Pauline said is definitely something worth thinking about.
Paimon: #What do you think, Traveler?

### Talk 36 related talk 0

Traveler: Go with something that matches your inspiration.
Paimon: That's right, inspiration does work really well sometimes!
Paimon: Y'know, you put some random flowers together and that made the store's business better, just like that!
Paimon: And that means that you're plenty inspired. Just follow your heart from now on, and maybe you won't need a mentor at all!
Pauline: Really? This is the first time I've ever been told that... I seemed to have hit my stride!
Pauline: Thank you for your vote of confidence! I don't know what to say, but I'd like to thank you properly...
Pauline: Here is a token of my gratitude. Please take it!

### Talk 36 related talk 1

Traveler: Go look for some reference books first.
Paimon: Well... theory is the safest way to get started.
Paimon: The Knights of Favonius' library has a large collection of books. You should be able to find something there, right?
Paimon: Liyue and Inazuma also have knowledge on arranging flowers. If you get the chance, you can also try to get some books written there for reference.
Pauline: I understand. I'll ask someone to help me get some books from the library once Weinlesefest ends.
Pauline: As for reference books from Liyue and Inazuma, I should be able to ask Mats. He travels a lot.
Paimon: Hehe, maybe the next time we meet, you'll have become a master at arranging flowers!
Pauline: I'll do my best. Your suggestions are really valuable. Thank you very much!
Pauline: Here is a token of my gratitude. Please take it!

## Talk 37

Traveler: Go with something that matches your inspiration.
Paimon: That's right, inspiration does work really well sometimes!
Paimon: Y'know, you put some random flowers together and that made the store's business better, just like that!
Paimon: And that means that you're plenty inspired. Just follow your heart from now on, and maybe you won't need a mentor at all!
Pauline: Really? This is the first time I've ever been told that... I seemed to have hit my stride!
Pauline: Thank you for your vote of confidence! I don't know what to say, but I'd like to thank you properly...
Pauline: Here is a token of my gratitude. Please take it!

## Talk 38

Traveler: Go look for some reference books first.
Paimon: Well... theory is the safest way to get started.
Paimon: The Knights of Favonius' library has a large collection of books. You should be able to find something there, right?
Paimon: Liyue and Inazuma also have knowledge on arranging flowers. If you get the chance, you can also try to get some books written there for reference.
Pauline: I understand. I'll ask someone to help me get some books from the library once Weinlesefest ends.
Pauline: As for reference books from Liyue and Inazuma, I should be able to ask Mats. He travels a lot.
Paimon: Hehe, maybe the next time we meet, you'll have become a master at arranging flowers!
Pauline: I'll do my best. Your suggestions are really valuable. Thank you very much!
Pauline: Here is a token of my gratitude. Please take it!

## Talk 39

Bernhard: Honorary Knight. Paimon. There's one more thing for you to decide.
Paimon: Alright, alright. We'll help. What do you need?
Bernhard: The peak time of Weinlesefest will soon be over. Some shopkeepers estimate that they will have some surplus in stock and plan to donate to us.
Paimon: Isn't that a good thing? "Surplus stock" sounds like a bad thing, but they seem to mean well.
Traveler: We might not be able to sell it all.
Bernhard: The Honorary Knight has a good point. Our ability to sell is also limited.
Bernhard: After these goods are donated to us, we might not be able to sell them, and they might accumulate.
Bernhard: Some of the daily necessities and food would soon go bad, which would be a waste of good intentions.
Paimon: #Hmm! Paimon didn't think about that. Traveler always seems to know best!

### Talk 39 related talk 0

Traveler: Perhaps we should politely decline after explaining our reasons.
Bernhard: Understood. I'll talk to the owners.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard leaves to talk to the people involved...
Bernhard: Honorary Knight. Paimon. The owners were very reasonable and understood our reply.
Bernhard: However, the shopkeepers did donate a sum of money to show their support for the charity sale.
Paimon: These shopkeepers are so kind...
Paimon: Anyway, it is fortunate that nothing went to waste this time!

### Talk 39 related talk 1

Traveler: Could it be resold to the Knights of Favonius?
Bernhard: This is indeed a method, and sometimes, the Knights will spontaneously count their personal needs.
Bernhard: If residents have used goods that they are willing to sell, and the knights do not mind, they can make a deal directly to reduce the waste of materials.
Bernhard: In the same way, the inhabitants could speak directly to the knights if they need something.
Bernhard: Maybe someone recently wanted to buy something, but didn't realize that these owners had a lot of stuff they couldn't sell.
Paimon: Alright! Well, it's up to you to bridge the gap, Bernhard.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard leaves for the Order to look at the purchase needs...
Bernhard: Honorary Knight. Paimon. Good news!
Bernhard: It just so happens that a lot of people want to buy used goods these days, and they can resell most of the surplus goods to them.
Bernhard: Some of the knights also chipped in to pay for our hard work.
Paimon: Okay! The thrift crisis is solved, and everyone's needs are met!

## Talk 40

Traveler: Perhaps we should politely decline after explaining our reasons.
Bernhard: Understood. I'll talk to the owners.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard leaves to talk to the people involved...
Bernhard: Honorary Knight. Paimon. The owners were very reasonable and understood our reply.
Bernhard: However, the shopkeepers did donate a sum of money to show their support for the charity sale.
Paimon: These shopkeepers are so kind...
Paimon: Anyway, it is fortunate that nothing went to waste this time!

## Talk 41

Traveler: Could it be resold to the Knights of Favonius?
Bernhard: This is indeed a method, and sometimes, the Knights will spontaneously count their personal needs.
Bernhard: If residents have used goods that they are willing to sell, and the knights do not mind, they can make a deal directly to reduce the waste of materials.
Bernhard: In the same way, the inhabitants could speak directly to the knights if they need something.
Bernhard: Maybe someone recently wanted to buy something, but didn't realize that these owners had a lot of stuff they couldn't sell.
Paimon: Alright! Well, it's up to you to bridge the gap, Bernhard.
Black Screen Text: Bernhard leaves for the Order to look at the purchase needs...
Bernhard: Honorary Knight. Paimon. Good news!
Bernhard: It just so happens that a lot of people want to buy used goods these days, and they can resell most of the surplus goods to them.
Bernhard: Some of the knights also chipped in to pay for our hard work.
Paimon: Okay! The thrift crisis is solved, and everyone's needs are met!

## Talk 42

Traveler: I'd like to sell wine-making ingredients.
Diane: One moment please, let me have a look around for Miss Margaret's acquisition list. Now, where did I put it...

## Talk 43

Traveler: Diona and Margaret aren't here?
Diane: Yes, Miss Diona's mood tends to sour when Weinlesefest comes around, so Miss Margaret gave her some time off.
Diane: But that's understandable. After all, the number of booze hounds at the wine market far exceeds that which you might find at the tavern.
Diane: As for Miss Margaret, she certainly wouldn't pass up the festivities just to run the business. She's probably off somewhere drinking and having a good time as we speak.

## Talk 44

Traveler: Bye.
Diane: See you, happy Weinlesefest!

## Talk 45

Traveler: What about the shop?
Mats: Haha, let me break it down for you, and you can tell me what you think!

## Talk 46

Traveler: Thank you for your hard work!
Mats: Saying that will out you as an outsider! It's not hard work, it's a good time!

## Talk 47

Traveler: What about the shop?
Pauline: You'll be pleased to know that business has been doing great recently.

## Talk 48

Traveler: You've been working hard!
Pauline: Thanks! I feel fulfilled to be able to do something for the elderly and the children!

## Talk 49

Traveler: What about the shop?
Bernhard: Everything is going well. Please listen to the business briefing!

## Talk 50

Traveler: Thanks for your hard work!
Bernhard: No worries, it's my honor to contribute to the charity sale!

## Talk 51

Beatrice: Quinn!
Quinn: ... It's you again, you're not gonna drag me into giving you another discount, are you?
Quinn: Before you say anything, I'm way too busy for this Weinlesefest!
Beatrice: Even if you're busy, you shouldn't forget about me!
Beatrice: No matter fruit or fruit wine, for the sake of childhood friendship, can't you get me a discount?
Quinn: I've told you many times, the fruit is not on sale. And I'm just helping deliver fruit to the drink stands. How can you insist on a discount?
Beatrice: Come on, hook a sister up!
Beatrice: I know you love wine. I'll get some and share with you. Then I'll help you make some refreshments. Could you just give me a discount?
Quinn: No discounts. No matter what you say!

## Talk 52

Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Lawrence: Weinlesefest is an autumn festival to celebrate the harvest of the Mondstadters. We use the fruits of the harvest to make drinks to dedicate to the Anemo Archon. He will then bless everyone with the West Wind.
Lawrence: That said, for Mondstadters, it doesn't matter whether Lord Barbatos actually shows up or not. The festival is just a good time to drink lots of wine.
Lawrence: Although drunk people are troublesome, I can't really say anything when I see nothing but uplifted spirits from drinking.
Lawrence: After all, everyone has worked hard all year and deserves a good celebration.

## Talk 53

Quinn: Weinlesefest... is truly an amazing festival!
Quinn: If it never ended, everyone would be able to have Dawn Winery's Weinlesefest specialty every day...
Quinn: Eh, I really needed this to relax and forget about that nag...

## Talk 54

Flora: Welcome to Floral Whisper. Do you need anything?
Flora: Recently, everyone asked what flower best represents the happiness of harvest. Hehe, I think Dandelion is suitable.

### Talk 54 related talk 0

Traveler: About those flowers...
Flora: Did you finish getting the flowers?
Traveler: Got 'em right here.
Flora: These are all so fresh... Thank you. With these flowers out at the storefront, we're sure to attract a lot of customers.
Flora: If I could make another small request... the wind also blew all the dandelions we had away.
Flora: Although dandelions being carried away by the wind isn't a bad thing...
Flora: But it still seem strange for a florist's in Mondstadt to not have dandelions.
Flora: Dandelions can't just be plucked and brought back — they have to be regrown from scratch.
Flora: So could you help fetch a batch of Dandelion Seeds for me?
Traveler: I'll do it.
Flora: I'm counting on you, then. I recall that there are lots of dandelions just outside Mondstadt.
Traveler: Where should I start looking?
Flora: There are lots of dandelions outside the city. You should be able to get them easily.

### Talk 54 related talk 1

Traveler: So, about those dandelions...
Flora: Have you managed to get the dandelions?
Traveler: I have them.
Flora: Thank you. This should be enough. I'll sow the seeds into these pots...
Flora: ...Along with those flowers that you found for me earlier.
Flora: Ah, yes. I have to thank you, don't I? This is a little token, please take it.
Flora: Now, I have to quickly put these flowers inside these pots here. Then the dandelions seeds go there...

### Talk 54 related talk 2

Traveler: About those flowers...
Flora: You can find small lamp grass and sweet flowers in the Whispering Woods. Windrise is where you'll find windwheel asters, and you can find cecilias on Starsnatch Cliff.
Flora: You can definitely get the freshest flowers from these areas.
Flora: Once you've finished picking them, please bring them back to me as quickly as possible.

### Talk 54 related talk 3

Traveler: So, about those dandelions...
Flora: Dandelions can be found just outside Mondstadt, but I have to clean up the shop, and simply don't have time to leave...
Flora: So please, help me gather a batch of Dandelion Seeds.

### Talk 54 related talk 4

Traveler: Do you sell any Mondstadt specialties?
Flora: Specialties? You're looking for a gift? Hmm, but I only sell flowers, which don't stay fresh for very long. They'll wilt very quickly.
Flora: The only other thing I can think of is to make a flower bookmark. I sometimes make them as gifts for my friends.
Flora: They aren't worth a lot in monetary terms, but maybe they have some sentimental value... If you're interested, I suppose I can make one for you.
Flora: But first, you must answer my question. Answer correctly, and I will make a bookmark for you.
Flora: It's a very easy question. Here goes: Is the Dandelion a flower?

### Talk 54 related talk 5

Traveler: I'm still confused by this whole Dandelion dilemma...
Flora: Dandelions are flowers! That's all there is to it! Any other questions?
Traveler: Why, Flora? Why are Dandelions flowers?
Flora: Gentle and floaty... They make you feel happy... Everyone loves them...
Flora: Ergo, Dandelions are flowers, of course!

### Talk 54 related talk 6

Traveler: About these Dandelion flowers...
Flora: Have you got the Dandelion Seeds?
Traveler: I have them here.
Flora: Yep, that's them! Great. And in return, here's your bookmark.
Flora: Flower bookmarks are very fragile, and very easily lost. I'll box it for you, just don't go opening it unless you have to.
Flora: It's a shame you can't make bookmarks out of Dandelion Seeds...

### Talk 54 related talk 7

Flora: What kind of flowers does Lisa like?
Flora: You want to know what flowers to get for Miss Lisa?
Flora: We're not particularly close, but she strikes me as a classy lady!
Flora: Hmm... Yep, it can only be the *Cecilia*!

### Talk 54 related talk 8

Traveler: I'd like to buy some flowers.
Flora: Certainly. We have a fine selection, whether you're looking to give a bouquet to someone or even do some gardening yourself.

### Talk 54 related talk 9

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Flora: I was honestly more frightened by the storm that surrounded Mondstadt than Stormterror.
Flora: Everyone's been focused on the losses to people and property, but I'm still more concerned about the plants and flowers.
Flora: I'll protect them, just like how Lord Barbatos protects us.

### Talk 54 related talk 10

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Flora: It's great that I don't have to worry about the flowers in my store being blown away by the wind.
Flora: That said, the Dandelion Seeds have also been blown all across the region of Mondstadt by this storm. Who knows, perhaps they will bloom throughout the land.
Flora: When I think about it like that, the storm doesn't seem so scary anymore, haha.

### Talk 54 related talk 11

Flora: Do you have any information regarding the "Darknight Hero..."?
Flora: Huh? What's the Darknight Hero?
Flora: Is it a fairytale?

### Talk 54 related talk 12

Traveler: Tell me about your flowers.
Flora: We carry a large variety of flowers. Are you looking for anything in particular?

### Talk 54 related talk 13

Flora: Sorry for bothering you.
Flora: You need to go?
Flora: I'll tell you more about flowers next time if you like.

## Talk 55

Patton: Come in, come in! We are having a special Weinlesefest discount at Angel's Share!
Patton: If you pass by Springvale, don't forget to stop by our stand and have a look!

### Talk 55 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Patton: *sigh* Honestly, that scared me to death. We don't know when Stormterror might attack again, either... but even so, I have to stand here and advertise the tavern.
Patton: I do owe Master Diluc money, so much money that I'll have to stand out here without food, drink or sleep for another forty-eight years. If I slack off now, that time will get extended.
Patton: ...I wonder if Master Diluc will clear my debt on account of the dragon's attacks?
Patton: Probably not, haha... *sobs*

### Talk 55 related talk 1

Traveler: Tell me about Angel's Share.
Patton: It was way back when the Dawn Winery was just established when the owner of the winery opened this tavern.
Patton: The winery's owner, Master Diluc, still holds the deed to Angel's Share. He really has taken the business to the next level.
Patton: "The best in Mondstadt" is the truth.
Patton: Master Diluc serves the customers here personally when he's in a good mood, and let Charles off for a day or two.
Patton: If you see him here, be respectful. He is Mondstadt's tycoon, you know...
Traveler: Tell me about the wine industry in Mondstadt.
Patton: Mondstadt's climate, water, and crops are all perfect for making wine... I have to agree, we are blessed by the Anemo Archon!
Patton: Apple cider and cherry ciders all taste mighty nice — I forgot to mention dandelion wine! That's one of a kind!
Patton: By exporting to Liyue's trade unions, Mondstadt's wines will be sold all over the continent.
Patton: They make incredible sales over there. Some even call it "bottled Mora."
Patton: This must be why Dawn Winery's owner is so filthy rich...
Traveler: Tell me about yourself.
Patton: Let me give you a piece of advice... Don't touch any of the bottles here, no matter how plain it looks...
Patton: The bottle I broke happened to be the last owner's collector's red wine... Do you see the villa to the north over there?
Patton: What I mean is, that wine cost as much as that villa.
Patton: By my calculations, I need to work 48 more years to pay it back... without sleeping and eating.
Patton: Well... It doesn't seem THAT hopeless if I think about it like that.
Patton: I need to get back to buying back my freedom... Hahaha... *coughs* *sobs*

### Talk 55 related talk 2

Patton: I'm fine, thanks.
Patton: You leaving already? If you want to try Mondstadt's best wine, this is the place!

### Talk 55 related talk 3

Traveler: Do you have any specials these days?
Patton: Currently, we're giving every customer a free Chicken-Mushroom Skewer. It goes great with any drink!
Patton: Here, take one and have a seat. I promise it'll suit your liking!

## Talk 56

Traveler: About Mika...
Huffman: Oh? You've already met my brother? Then I don't think there's much to say.
Huffman: I was so worried about him when he went out with the Grand Master. But now it seems I was too worried.
Huffman: Although he is still prone to shyness, his ability to survey and do mapping has improved a lot, and his work is done in short order.
Huffman: I hear he's joining the Guerrilla Assault platoon next, and he probably won't be back in town for a while. I wish him all the best!

## Talk 57

Lawrence: Welcome to Mondstadt, Traveler. Please enjoy Weinlesefest.

### Talk 57 related talk 0

Traveler: About the Weinlesefest...
Lawrence: Weinlesefest is an autumn festival to celebrate the harvest of the Mondstadters. We use the fruits of the harvest to make drinks to dedicate to the Anemo Archon. He will then bless everyone with the West Wind.
Lawrence: That said, for Mondstadters, it doesn't matter whether Lord Barbatos actually shows up or not. The festival is just a good time to drink lots of wine.
Lawrence: Although drunk people are troublesome, I can't really say anything when I see nothing but uplifted spirits from drinking.
Lawrence: After all, everyone has worked hard all year and deserves a good celebration.

### Talk 57 related talk 1

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Lawrence: I had no idea what to do when the incident had just happened. At least we can finally draw all this to a close.
Lawrence: Still, it's quite remarkable that we encountered such an event. Doesn't this mean that we, too, have witnessed history?
Lawrence: Well, if anyone asks me for a tale or legend in the future, I'm going to tell them the story of Dvalin.

### Talk 57 related talk 2

Traveler: What do you know about the Lawrence Clan...?
Lawrence: Heh... I actually have no connection at all to the Lawrence Clan. *sigh* It's a bit of a long story...
Lawrence: You must know Wagner, the blacksmith? Well, the one other thing he enjoys besides working with metal is drinking competitions. Placing a bet and seeing who can drink the most. The drunker he gets, the more outrageous the bets become...
Lawrence: The whole reason his shop is called "Schulz's Blacksmith" is because he lost to his apprentice, Schulz, in a drinking game.
Lawrence: ...Ahem, now, my father is a merchant from Fontaine, and he came to Mondstadt to do business. Though, you'd be forgiven for thinking he came for the drinking culture alone...
Lawrence: One day, the two of them got drinking together. My father bet on his son's name — that is to say, my name, and... yeah.
Lawrence: *sigh* At that time, my father was not to know that the name "Lawrence" came with so much baggage...

### Talk 57 related talk 3

Traveler: Tell me about Mondstadt.
Lawrence: Known as both "The Crown of the North" and "The City of Pastoral Song," there are no words that can truly describe the beauty of this city.
Lawrence: A new bard arrived in the city not long ago. You should seek him out if you want to feel the true essence of Mondstadt.
Lawrence: But the songs he plays are... a bit archaic?
Lawrence: ...Those songs date back thousands of years. No clue as to how he knows them...
Traveler: Are there any legends about Mondstadt?
Lawrence: You've come to the right person.
Lawrence: It's said in Mondstadt, a righteous hero often appears at night.
Lawrence: But no one knows his true identity...
Lawrence: I should stop there, or else I'll keep talking about him. If the Acting Grand Master catches me chatting on duty again...
Lawrence: Sorry, guess I'll talk to you next time.
Traveler: Are there any anecdotes about Mondstadt?
Lawrence: Anecdotes...? Not sure if this counts as one.
Lawrence: When I'm on my shift here, I'll sometimes notice the weather change very suddenly.
Lawrence: Um... Rather than a natural phenomenon, it feels more like someone is manipulating the weather. But who has that much power to do that?
Lawrence: Even the higher-ranking knights in the Knights of Favonius don't seem to have the ability to do that. How strange.

### Talk 57 related talk 4

Traveler: Goodbye.
Lawrence: Goodbye, traveler. Hope you have a good time in Mondstadt.

## Talk 58

Guy: The happier everyone in town is, the more meaningless my day seems...
Guy: Weinlesefest. My father must be busy... What am I doing here? I might as well be at home helping.

## Talk 59

Athos: Happy Weinlesefest! The Knights of Favonius are holding a charity sale at Cider Lake. All residents and visitors are welcome to participate!

### Talk 59 related talk 0

Traveler: What is this place?
Athos: This is the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
Athos: Here you can find the Grand Master's office, the Library, and all manner of other facilities.
Athos: As much as I would love to give you the grand tour, I'm afraid I have to stay at my post.

### Talk 59 related talk 1

Traveler: Goodbye.
Athos: I hope you find what you need here.

## Talk 60

Cyrus: Hey, kiddo! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild!
Cyrus: At the invitation of the Librarian, members of the Adventurers' Guild are expected to participate in Weinlesefest as well.
Cyrus: Enjoy the wine, enjoy the adventure and help all those in need! This is the spirit of our adventurers, haha!

### Talk 60 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Cyrus: A crisis? I see this as the opportunity of a lifetime!
Cyrus: If there is any adventurer who does not get their blood up at this, surely they fail as an adventurer!
Cyrus: Once the time is right, I must take Jack and the others out to see the world. And thanks to this incident, our adventure teams can be expanded a little, yes?
Cyrus: And as for the dragon... well, there isn't anything that cannot be conquered with perseverance, is there?

### Talk 60 related talk 1

Cyrus: Tell me about the Arcadian Ruins

### Talk 60 related talk 2

Traveler: We're looking for...

### Talk 60 related talk 3

Cyrus: Who are you?
Cyrus: I'm Cyrus, Master of the Adventurers' Guild, Mondstadt Branch!
Cyrus: I'm sure we'll get to know each other later on. I can tell you are a born adventurer!
Cyrus: How can I tell? Just call it a senior adventurer's hunch, haha!
Cyrus: Listen, if you're interested, we can talk about it some more at Angel's Share another day!

### Talk 60 related talk 4

Cyrus: Tell me about the Adventurers' Guild.
Cyrus: Ad astra abyssosque!
Cyrus: We have branches all around Teyvat! Haha!
Cyrus: You can meet fellow adventurers in the guild, participate in expeditions to every corner of the land, and get paid for completing commissions...
Cyrus: This truly is heaven for all adventurers! You sure you're not interested, kid? Hahaha...

### Talk 60 related talk 5

Cyrus: Goodbye.
Cyrus: A youngster like you should be more energetic. Don't be cold!

## Talk 61

Susie: Have you heard the wind of Windcoming Day?
Susie: It must be Lord Barbatos who has returned to the homeland with a breeze and has given his blessing to Monddstadt!
Susie: Lord Barbatos, please enjoy our wine and give your blessing to Mondstadt...

### Talk 61 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Susie: Why did such a thing happen to Mondstadt...
Susie: Did I not pray earnestly enough?
Susie: ...No, it has to be someone else. I always pray with all my heart...

### Talk 61 related talk 1

Traveler: Who are you?
Susie: I am just like you, one that is blessed by Barbatos, the Anemo Archon.
Susie: Shouldn't we show our gratitude to Barbatos for the wind and warmth?
Traveler: Wind of Mondstadt?
Susie: Mondstadt is a city blessed by the Anemo Archon Barbatos.
Susie: The wind blowing on Mondstadt is Barbatos' blessing.

### Talk 61 related talk 2

Traveler: Are there any places worth visiting in the city?
Susie: If you want to learn more about Barbatos, make sure to visit the Mondstadt Cathedral.
Susie: It's said that Barbatos' sacred instrument, the Holy Lyre der Himmel, is enshrined in the Cathedral.

### Talk 61 related talk 3

Traveler: Goodbye.
Susie: Goodbye, the one blessed by the Anemo Archon. May the Wind of Mondstadt always be with you.

## Talk 62

Margaret: *sigh* It's Weinlesefest, but Diona is nowhere to be found.
Margaret: After all, she is especially upset when it comes to times like this. In order to ensure that she's still with us, we decided to let her take a couple days off.
Margaret: So... would you like to buy me a special Weinlesefest drink?

### Talk 62 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Margaret: I must admit that though I'm glad we're all finally safe, I do feel just a bit unsatisfied.
Margaret: The Angel's Share was seriously affected by the dragon attacks as many of its popular drinks had their supplies cut.
Margaret: Here at the Cat's Tail, we even had an ongoing discount to take further advantage...
Margaret: ...But in the end, our sales were still a little less than theirs.
Margaret: Still, there's not much I can do about that. It is supplied directly by the Dawn Winery, after all, which gives it an overwhelming advantage in terms of where they get their wine...

### Talk 62 related talk 1

Traveler: What are you doing?
Margaret: I'm waiting for someone to invite me for a drink at the tavern. Would that be you?
Margaret: Just kidding! Loosen up a little! Mondstadt is a city of romance~!

### Talk 62 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Margaret: Leaving already? Don't forget to come see me when you come to Cat's Tail for a night out.

## Talk 63

Nimrod: Holidays when one can have a proper drink are such a rare occasion! Why don't we take a detour and buy some liquid refreshments... or maybe take a trip to Springvale?

### Talk 63 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Nimrod: While the concrete losses weren't heavy, I'm still shaking right now.
Nimrod: You can laugh if you want, but I really thought we were done for back there.
Nimrod: Never mind not being able to drink. As long as my wife Eury was safe, I thought then, I would be alright even if I never drank another drop again in my life!
Nimrod: Ahem... But since all's well now, I suppose we shouldn't take such rash words too seriously, eh? Hahaha...

### Talk 63 related talk 1

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Nimrod: That... was... terrifying! If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I would have sworn that someone was talking out the back of their drunk little heads!
Nimrod: I never want to feel something like Stormterror passing overhead ever again!
Nimrod: Please, Knights of Favonius, do something!

### Talk 63 related talk 2

Nimrod: I'm trying to find out about the "Darknight Hero."
Nimrod: I've heard the name... I think. I'm not sure. Sorry.

### Talk 63 related talk 3

Traveler: What are you doing?
Nimrod: Is that a trick question? I'm on my way to have a drink.
Nimrod: Ooh, er... Oh it's fine, I don't think my wife will have overheard that.
Nimrod: So I actually had to sneak out to buy some wine... *sigh* How can you deny a Mondstadter the right to drink...
Nimrod: When even one of the Four Drunkards is a woman, how can my wife be so narrow-minded.
Traveler: Who are the Four Drunkards?
Nimrod: You wanna know more about them, eh? Hehehe... Why, they are nothing short of legends in Mondstadt, on par with the Knights of Favonius' Grand Master Varka...
Nimrod: ...I can see you're only pretending to follow. Are you from out of town? No wonder you haven't heard.
Nimrod: There's no point giving you their real names then, but I'll give you their nicknames and see if you can figure it out...
Nimrod: They are Sir Dullwits the Oblivious Merchant, Dame Workshy the Absentee Boss, Oddears the Incredible Hunter, and Rookie McSchoolboy the Inexperienced Adventurer.
Nimrod: Should be pretty obvious by now, huh? Hehehe, talk to you later!

### Talk 63 related talk 4

Traveler: Goodbye.
Nimrod: Bye-bye! May your glass forever flow with the fine wine of good fortune!

## Talk 64

Glory: I've never heard your voice before... Are you a traveler who came here to participate in Weinlesefest?
Glory: Welcome. I hope you enjoy the festival as much as I do.
Glory: Although I can't see to celebrate with everyone else, this festival brings me the best news of all: that all is well with the Knights of Favonius' expedition...

### Talk 64 related talk 0

Traveler: So, I hear you need dandelions...
Glory: Ah, did you come over to help after seeing my request? Thank you so much...
Glory: Have you brought the Dandelion Seeds?
Traveler: Here they are.
Glory: Please put them in my hand... Thank you.
Traveler: Not yet.
Glory: It's fine. Once you have them, please give them to me as soon as you can.

### Talk 64 related talk 1

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Glory: I obviously couldn't see what happened in Mondstadt when Stormterror attacked, so I only know what other people have told me.
Glory: People's voices were full of fear during that time, but recently the sounds of anguish have finally died down.
Glory: Mondstadt's wind, too, has finally calmed down again.

### Talk 64 related talk 2

Traveler: Who are you?
Glory: Sorry, where are my manners! Allow me to introduce myself — I'm Glory.
Glory: I come here often, waiting for Godwin to come back... I pray he manages to avoid those rotten hilichurls and the Abyss Order on the way... so he can come back and be with me soon.
Glory: Ah, I'm rambling again... Sorry, it's just so nice having someone to talk to.
Traveler: Who is Godwin?
Glory: He's the man I love. He's with the Knights, and he's away with Grand Master Varka's expedition.
Glory: It was hard to let him go, but I was so proud of him managing to join Varka's expedition party.
Glory: ...Sadly, I don't know when the expedition is supposed to end. All I can do is wait here for him.
Traveler: Tell me more about the hilichurls and the Abyss Order.
Glory: You must find them a nuisance too? All they do is go round causing mischief.
Glory: I heard that most of the hilichurls suddenly appeared in Teyvat out of nowhere several hundred years ago... And the same for the Abyss Order, actually.
Glory: Some said they were borne of some great catastrophe that descended on Teyvat... But I think they probably came from outer space!
Glory: ...Sorry, because I can't see, my imagination sometimes runs a bit wild. Just ignore it.

### Talk 64 related talk 3

Traveler: It must be difficult not being able to see.
Glory: Yes... Especially at the beginning, it was hard to adjust.
Glory: But when you can't see, your sense of hearing becomes stronger. Now, when the wind brushes past my ears, I can almost picture certain things in my mind's eye...
Glory: And since putting my faith in Lord Barbatos, I sometimes hear the whisper of a soothing voice carried on the wind.
Glory: My mother — or "Sister Grace" to everyone else — always tells me that Mondstadt is looked after by the Anemo Archon. I think she's right, you know.

### Talk 64 related talk 4

Traveler: Goodbye.
Glory: Bye-bye.
Glory: Hope you enjoy your stay in Mondstadt.

## Talk 65

Nelson: Are you here for the limited-edition festival wine, too? Let's drink together. Come, come, have a seat!
Nelson: I wouldn't have expected less from the Dawn Winery's products. Every year, it arrives with the west wind and just gets more and more fragrant.

### Talk 65 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Nelson: What I think? I think that now that this is all over, I can finally proudly declare that "Mondstadt is a great place!"
Nelson: The scenery's good, the wine is fine, and the Knights of Favonius will defend us when crises come. That's what I call great!

### Talk 65 related talk 1

Nelson: How is it?
Nelson: You need to ask? Drinks brewed from the waters of Cider Lake are famous in all Teyvat.
Nelson: Here, have a taste! Oh, you can't drink alcohol? What a shame.

### Talk 65 related talk 2

Nelson: How's Mondstadt?
Nelson: This is a good place.
Nelson: As to the Crown of the North, the romantic City of Pastorals, it's all writers' way of putting it.
Nelson: To me, beautiful scenery and good wine are more than enough!
Nelson: *hic* The wine here is the best. I'm not going anywhere.

### Talk 65 related talk 3

Nelson: Goodbye.
Nelson: Goodbye! Let's have a drink next time!

## Talk 66

Sayid: Hello friend. Have you heard of the ballad of the Windcoming Day?
Sayid: The song of this festival is not only beautiful, but also seems to have a hidden deeper meaning.
Sayid: Like the secret to a good wine, it also contains the meaning of life... Mmm, that's good material.

### Talk 66 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Sayid: Stormterror's story... Or should I say, Dvalin's, is a topic with great research value.
Sayid: I never expected to encounter such a cataclysmic event on my trip to Mondstadt. For me, it's quite fortunate.
Sayid: Anyway, I will record everything I have seen and heard. I should like for my compatriots in Sumeru to learn of these historical events...

### Talk 66 related talk 1

Sayid: Who are you?
Sayid: Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Sayid, a visiting scholar from Sumeru.
Sayid: Mondstadt is a pleasant place. I have been here for some time now, and I am reluctant to leave... It has definitely brought out my more, ahem, leisurely side...
Sayid: In all seriousness though, a leisurely lifestyle just means doing whatever makes you happy, doesn't it? A fitting ethos for the City of Freedom...
Sayid: And it seems that I've become a total convert without anyone having to preach it from the rooftops... Hah. The remarkable wisdom of the gods.
Sayid: Anemo Archon Barbatos, my respect to you.
Traveler: Tell me about Sumeru.
Sayid: It's my homeland, though I haven't been back in a long while.
Sayid: Sumeru is known all over the world as a center of learning. As a traveler, I'm sure you must have heard of the Sumeru Akademiya?
Sayid: Ms. Lisa of the Knights of Favonius studied there. My teacher mentioned her once — allegedly, Lisa was the best student they'd seen in two hundred years...
Sayid: I am exceptionally curious as to the real reason that she wound up working here as a librarian...

### Talk 66 related talk 2

Traveler: Made any discoveries?
Sayid: I was reading up on some of Mondstadt's historical myths previously. Fortunately, the library has a wealth of resources for reference.
Sayid: Of all the myths and legends in Mondstadt, the one I'm most fascinated by has to be The Legend of Vennessa.
Sayid: The spirit of freedom prized by Mondstadt must have been modeled after her courage in standing up to injustice and oppressive rulers. Even as an outsider, I am deeply moved.
Sayid: My focus has shifted to the songs of Mondstadt of late, so I'm done with this book now. Just remember to return it to the library once you've finished reading it...

### Talk 66 related talk 3

Sayid: Goodbye.
Sayid: Farewell, may you forever grow in wisdom.

## Talk 67

Traveler: About Elzer...
Hertha: Ah, so you heard... Elzer is the executive chairman of the Mondstadt Wine Guild.
Hertha: This year, the Knights of Favonius, in collaboration with the Church of Favonius and the Adventurers' Guild, is hosting a Wine Market and are in need of a special budget.
Hertha: However, Elzer invited me to collaborate and he helped us solve a lot of our financial problems.
Hertha: Although he didn't say it explicitly... But my guess is that this grant came at the behest of a once senior Knight of Favonius.

## Talk 68

Elzer: Oh? Distinguished guest, may I ask, are you here to discuss business?
Elzer: If it's for Weinlesefest, I've got Master's permission to do what I can to help.

### Talk 68 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Elzer: I am Elzer. Under his grace, when the master of the house is away, I take care of most major affairs.
Elzer: Master Diluc... Does not tend to worry himself too much with the affairs of the winery.
Elzer: So, whatever business you are here to discuss, is probably best discussed with me directly.
Traveler: You have another identity, don't you?
Elzer: My, you have a keen eye for detail.
Elzer: It is true that my other role is Chief Executive of the Mondstadt Wine Appreciation Guild.
Elzer: But I do not do it for appearances, nor do I seek to hide it, my liege.
Elzer: The simple fact is that given Dawn Winery's standing in Mondstadt...
Elzer: There is barely any distinction to be made between managing the affairs of the winery and managing the affairs of the whole industry.
Traveler: Tell me about your past.
Elzer: My past? That's something I can talk freely about.
Elzer: I trust you know of the winery's former owner, Master Crepus? He was Diluc's father.
Elzer: Master Crepus was like a father to me, too.
Elzer: He was in the prime of his life at the time of his tragic accident all those years ago...
Elzer: Master Diluc spent a long time grieving. It was during that time that I started taking care of some of the winery's affairs.
Elzer: I thought that rather than be overcome by sorrow, it was better for me to share some of Master Diluc's load. It was also the only thing I could do.
Elzer: Though it was a little presumptuous of me to act beyond my role, I do think perhaps that's what Master Crepus would have liked to see.
Elzer: *sigh* Sorry, that got a bit deep and depressing, didn't it.

### Talk 68 related talk 1

Traveler: Goodbye.
Elzer: Farewell, honored guest. Please come again.

## Talk 69

Traveler: Master Kaeya?
Adelinde: Looks like he's doing pretty well recently. Though he laughed all the way through dinner with Master Diluc, I could see that he was worried...
Adelinde: If you're asking about the title, that's all in the past...
Adelinde: Sorry, that was a slip of the tongue... Please forget I ever said that.

## Talk 70

Draff: Hello, Traveler. There's a big festival going on in Cider Lake, and there's been a lot more tourists in town lately.
Draff: The festival is going well! My daughter is on a break, so I get to spend more time with her.

### Talk 70 related talk 0

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: They'd be more use to me roasted with a few wild mushrooms...
Traveler: What's wrong?
Draff: I raised them as carrier pigeons, to deliver messages.
Draff: But for some reason they are getting less and less reliable.
Draff: Either they lose the message or they glide around for hours but never actually deliver it. Or, they sit around the whole time just waiting for someone to chase them off.
Draff: If you have time, maybe you could hurry along the pigeons I just released.
Traveler: Got it.
Draff: Great. So if you see any of them slacking off, chase them away for me.
Traveler: I seek not the enmity of pigeons.
Draff: Don't worry, it's not like pigeons to hold a grudge. Their memory is much too short for that.
Draff: I never had you down as such a pigeon lover...

### Talk 70 related talk 1

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: Maybe now they'll deliver their messages without a fuss in future...
Draff: But I can't exactly follow them and check... Anyway, that'll do for now.
Draff: For your trouble, please take this. And if you ever need to send a message, just come and find me.

### Talk 70 related talk 2

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: You did WHAT? How could you!? They were my carrier pigeons!
Draff: You churlish imbecile... hilichurlish, even! What am I going to do about all these letters!?
Traveler: Sowwie...
Draff: Is that the best you can do? A Knight of Flaming Favonius and the best you can offer is a half-hearted apology!?
Draff: You've really fluffed up here, and now you have to make it right. Since you're so bird-brained anyway, I trust you will have no problem being my new carrier pigeon!
Traveler: Sometimes I don't know my own strength...
Draff: It helps if you don't chase them off with a flaming meat cleaver!

### Talk 70 related talk 3

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: The hilichurls have an insatiable appetite for avian messengers? Are you serious...
Draff: Well, I suppose they are getting plump, and would probably make a great pairing with a glass of jagerschnapps...
Draff: ...I mean, uh... Oh drats, now I have to raise a whole new flock of pigeons.

### Talk 70 related talk 4

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: The hilichurls have an insatiable appetite for avian messengers? Are you serious...
Traveler: Is this letter yours?
Draff: A letter? Ah yes, I sent this! It was supposed to go to Sister Grace, in the city.
Draff: You didn't read it, did you? Not that it matters anyway, it's all stuff that happened years ago.
Draff: With some things, you can't leave them in the dark forever...
Draff: Thank you for bringing it all this way, I'll run it down to the city myself some time. Here's a small reward for finding it...
Draff: Timmie, hey Timmie...

### Talk 70 related talk 5

Draff: Regarding these pigeons...
Draff: Goodness... The devil makes work for idle hands, eh.
Draff: Alright, well never mind. I'll let you off this once. Off you go now.

### Talk 70 related talk 6

Traveler: Is there anything of note nearby?

### Talk 70 related talk 7

Traveler: Could you sell me some game you hunted?
Draff: Depends on how much you want... I can sell some of it to you. Anything you get from us directly is going to be fresher than anything you find in the shops.

### Talk 70 related talk 8

Traveler: Who are you?
Draff: I am Draff, you can think of me as the head of the hunters. The best hunter in the town.
Draff: Most of meat from our hunts goes straight to the Good Hunter, a restaurant in the city.
Draff: If you're here to make a bulk order of meat, I'm afraid we don't have the capacity to take it on.

### Talk 70 related talk 9

Traveler: Tell me about your family.
Draff: Stay away from my daughter, Diona.
Draff: She will learn the hunting trade from me and take over as leader of this town.
Draff: But right now she's at that rebellious age, and she's gone off to work in the city as a bartender or something...
Draff: *sigh* Never mind, I just need to be patient. She's my daughter after all, and if she's got her heart set on doing something she'll not go back on it easily.

### Talk 70 related talk 10

Traveler: Goodbye.
Draff: Bye.

## Talk 71

Allan: I don't know if it's because his daughter is on break or what, but Draff has been extra jolly these days and is drinking even harder after work...
Allan: It's a good thing that young one has been helping out lately, or I wouldn't be able to stand up if I had to hunt all by myself.

### Talk 71 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Allan: Oh, I'm Allan. I'm a hunter... in the making.
Allan: I'm trying my best to learn the tricks of the trade from Draff.

### Talk 71 related talk 1

Traveler: You seem a bit worse for wear.
Allan: Oh I'm fine... It's just, I got a bit lost yesterday when I was out hunting...
Allan: I almost wound up in a hilichurl camp. Fortunately I managed to escape...
Traveler: Sounds dangerous...
Allan: I'm lucky I made it back safe and sound. But once again, I came back empty-handed...
Allan: But... *sigh* Never mind. It is what it is.
Traveler: Sounds rough.
Allan: I'm alright, really. I just always end up getting rescued by Outrider Amber...
Allan: It's so embarrassing.
Allan: She's quite the capable one. Well, she is a Vision bearer after all.

### Talk 71 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Allan: See you.

## Talk 72

Olaf: Traveler! It's you! Welcome to Mondstadt's Weinlesefest.
Olaf: I really miss it... Although there seem to be few people brewing the "Thousand-Wind Wine" now, the return of the west wind is still so familiar...

### Talk 72 related talk 0

Traveler: How do you get on with your modern family?
Olaf: Well, I have skipped over so many centuries that try as we might, Draff and I cannot figure out where exactly I fit in the family tree, and therefore how we should address one another.
Olaf: So we just gave up and started using first names instead. You have got to overlook some things when you are in a strange situation like this, do you not think?
Olaf: Being related by blood does seem to give us an inexplicable connection though. Draff and I are complete strangers, and yet we keep finding that we just have so much in common.
Olaf: ...Especially when it comes to drinking. It comforts me to know that hundreds of years on, Mondstadt still has such excellent taste in alcohol.
Olaf: But every time we start talking about it, his little girl Diona gives me this dirty look that really makes her great-great-great... I don't know how many greats it is but anyway, it really makes her Granddad of indeterminate great-hood feel... greatly aggrieved.

### Talk 72 related talk 1

Traveler: What was Springvale like in your day?
Olaf: You mean, the age I lived in before my accidental cryopreservation?
Olaf: This spring was formed from melted snow and ice that came down from Dragonspine. I heard that Springvale originally began as just a group of hunters like me who settled in this area because of the water source.
Olaf: Over time, it gradually grew to the size of a small town. I certainly do not believe this nonsense you future folk trot out about some fountain fairy.

### Talk 72 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Olaf: Back to the hunt for you, is it? May it be a fruitful one.

## Talk 73

Marla: There you are, dear Marvin.
Marvin: Oh, Marla! I can't turn my back on you, not when you're inviting me to Weinlesefest!
Marla: No matter what your father thinks of us, my love... is like wine made from Mist Flowers...
Marvin: Marla, no... Your love should not be a thing so cold...
Marla: No. I mean that, my love will turn into burning liquor to warm you for a thousand — nay, for ten thousand years...
Marvin: Oh, Marla, my love! Then my love for you is like the bitter north wind that follows the west wind...
Marla: Marvin, no... Your love should not be a thing so chilly...
Marvin: No. I mean that, I don't want you out of my sight, not even for a moment. I want to turn into a full season of Mondstadt's wind, always by your side...
Marla: Oh, Marvin!
Marvin: Oh, Marla!

## Talk 74

Sharp: What do you want?

### Talk 74 related talk 0

Traveler: What are you doing?
Sharp: Master Goth pays me to protect his young esquire. His young esquire pays me to keep this a secret from his old man.
Sharp: To get paid double, I just have to stay put and keep my mouth shut.
Sharp: Hmph, look at them. Being all lovey-dovey when I'm right here watching. Young people these days, no sense of shame...
Sharp: Wait a second... Are they getting a kick out of me watching them!?
Sharp: ...Ugh, I cannot abide this!

### Talk 74 related talk 1

Traveler: Goodbye.
Sharp: Scram!

## Talk 75

Traveler: What are you doing?
Sharp: Master Goth pays me to protect his young esquire. His young esquire pays me to keep this a secret from his old man.
Sharp: To get paid double, I just have to stay put and keep my mouth shut.
Sharp: Hmph, look at them. Being all lovey-dovey when I'm right here watching. Young people these days, no sense of shame...
Sharp: Wait a second... Are they getting a kick out of me watching them!?
Sharp: ...Ugh, I cannot abide this!

### Talk 75 related talk 0

Traveler: Are you bored?
Sharp: Of course. After chasing the monsters away, I have absolutely nothing to do.
Sharp: Earlier, the young master asked me to help him pick some flowers, but he and that young lady started getting all lovey-dovey right away...
Sharp: What need do they have for flowers? I reckon the young master's forgotten all about it already.
Sharp: Do you want them? Just take them if you do. They're no use to me, anyhow.

## Talk 76

Traveler: Goodbye.
Sharp: Scram!

## Talk 77

Traveler: Are you bored?
Sharp: Of course. After chasing the monsters away, I have absolutely nothing to do.
Sharp: Earlier, the young master asked me to help him pick some flowers, but he and that young lady started getting all lovey-dovey right away...
Sharp: What need do they have for flowers? I reckon the young master's forgotten all about it already.
Sharp: Do you want them? Just take them if you do. They're no use to me, anyhow.