# Talk Group: ActivityGroup - 2020

## Talk 0

Dehya: #Oh, hey there, Traveler. Nice to see ya!
Traveler: Didn't expect to see you here at this hour, Dehya.
Dehya: Hahaha, well, Cyno's out of the country on a trip, so he got me to come and help his subordinates take care of a few things. I guess you could say I'm his temporary substitute.
Dehya: The atmosphere around here's not too bad nowadays, so I don't mind sticking around once in a while.
Dehya: You've probably got a lot going on yourself, I'll bet? Good luck with everything!

## Talk 1

Candace: Setaria, you should take a break and have a bite to eat.
Candace: Setaria?
Setaria: Ah, thank you! Sorry, I was completely absorbed in what I was doing, I didn't even hear your voice...
Candace: It's alright. I'm glad that you enjoy the work you're doing.
Setaria: Sorry you've ended up having to babysit me... I'm sure you have far more important things to do.
Candace: Well, Rahman's busy with the Eremites these days. But having me stand in as your bodyguard must be a welcome breath of fresh air for you?
Candace: It's a change for me, too — my first time working as a bodyguard. I'm just treating it as a chance to get a taste of Dehya's line of work.
Setaria: I tried telling Mahamatra Cyno that I can work unsupervised. Really, this ought to be the last of his worries...
Setaria: He said that educators willing to work in the desert are an extremely rare breed, so I need a bodyguard for protection at all times... I think he's being a little overprotective.
Candace: But at the end of the day, that's why we know we can count on the General Mahamatra. He and I are of the same mind in this case, so I am very happy to protect you.
Candace: While you're in Aaru Village, we're partners. We don't want to cause you any unnecessary pressure. So please, try to enjoy your time here.

## Talk 2

Collei: Whoa, did you two see that? A bird with huuuge wings just flew by!
Collei: If Master Tighnari was here, he'd be able to tell you its scientific name, species, and behaviors...
Collei: But as for me... all I can tell you is, it isn't a species we have in Sumeru...
Eula: Oh? Then what kinds of birds do you have in Sumeru?
Collei: Dusk Birds! They have the most beautiful, vibrant colors. The feathers on their chest are the color of ripe Sunsettias, and their wing-tips are the color of tender Mint leaves.
Collei: They're not too skittish around people, and at my tree holl— I mean, this tree that I often go past, there's a Dusk Bird there that always looks at me like it understands what I'm saying.
Collei: I once picked up one of its feathers from the ground, and it felt really nice...
Eula: You have keen observation skills, and a love for living things. You'd be better served directing your energies there rather than sighing and whining all the time.
Amber: Ugh, Eula says things in the most awkward way possible sometimes... Just ignore the second half, Collei!
Collei: No, it's fine, I know what she means. She does have a point...
Collei: Are you hungry for fish? I see quite a few over there.
Amber: Sounds like someone's up for a fishing contest, huh? Fair warning, though, I won't lose!
Eula: Seriously...? Another competition? I thought we were supposed to be sightseeing. ...Uh, but still — wait for me!

## Talk 3

Cyno: So this is Stormterror's Lair...
Cyno: ...From which direction will Stormterror appear, I wonder?
Mika: Um, excuse me...
Cyno: Who's there?
Mika: Ah, sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you.
Cyno: I apologize as well. I acted on force of habit. You must be a local, yes? My name is Cyno, and I'm here sightseeing in Mondstadt. In truth, it is I who am disturbing you.
Mika: Um, might I ask if you're looking for something here?
Cyno: I'm waiting for Stormterror to arrive.
Mika: You even set up a Kamera...
Cyno: Yes. I hope to capture a good picture as reference material for an artist I know.
Mika: Ah... In that case, let me help keep watch too. From what I've heard, Stormterror's movements have some... regular schedule.
Cyno: Roughly how often does it appear?
Mika: Uh, hold on. I'll have to check against our data first. Let me consult my notes...
Cyno: ...
Mika: ...
Mika: Um... Mr. Cyno, Sir, are you going to stand there staring into the sky the entire time?
Cyno: Don't worry, I'm quite strong. My neck can take it.
Mika: No, no, I mean... You should sit down. I—I brought a blanket — here, you can borrow it!
Cyno: I'll be alright.
Mika: Oh, um... okay, well...
Mika: ...Weird. Now I'm staring up into the sky, too...

## Talk 4

Tighnari: I've heard that Cecilias only grow in remote spots at high-altitude, and that you're unlikely to ever see one unless you go looking for it.
Tighnari: Though they can be preserved for a long time as specimens, I can't take back the beauty they possess in the wild. It's a shame.
Albedo: Shall I ask Sucrose to develop a Cecilia variant with improved soil adaptability for you?
Albedo: I should warn you, though, it may very well end up with a name like "Tetratanic Ananemo Cecilia," or perhaps "Epsilon-Series Cecilia, Variation 601, Sumeru Growth-Type."
Tighnari: ...Is this you attempting to tell a joke?
Albedo: Unfortunately not. I'm being completely serious.
Tighnari: In that case, I look forward to... well, whichever of those two it ends up being.
Albedo: Back to our previous topic — if you wish to use antitoxic compounds from Calla Lilies in an antidote, then I have a few suggestions...

## Talk 5

Donna: I wonder who will have the honor of offering the Windblume to Lord Barbatos this year?
Donna: Ah, I'm so envious. If only I could be the one.
Donna: (If I had to pick a flower to give away, which one should I choose? Agh, what a dilemma...)
Donna: (Let me think of this a different way. If... If I want to find the flower that fits Master Diluc the most...)
Donna: (Gosh... Now all I can think about is Diluc...)

## Talk 6

Lawrence: Welcome to Mondstadt — make sure you don't miss out on the Windblume Festival!
Lawrence: The Windblume Festival has its origins in Old Mondstadt, and the legend of the Windblume carries still to this day.
Lawrence: Even now, most Mondstadters believe that the Windblume Festival is a festival for lovers and that they should express their love with the most extravagant sincerity during this time.
Lawrence: Of course, there are also the more traditional amongst the Mondstadters who think that the key purpose behind the Windblume Festival is to celebrate Mondstadt's liberation. For them, this festival is more suited toward remembrance than love.
Lawrence: I believe that both these perspectives are fine. Everyone should get to choose the way they wish to celebrate.
Lawrence: I hope that everyone can find their own joy during this Windblume Festival, including you! Happy Windblume Festival, friend!

## Talk 7

Cyrus: Oh, Traveler. As you can see, the Windblume Festival's come around again.
Cyrus: Every festival, there are plenty of youngsters that like to go out and adventure in the wilds.
Cyrus: Ah, what can I say. I'm old. I know what these kids are thinking better than they do.
Cyrus: To me, the Windblume Festival represents the continuation of the rebelliousness passed down by the resisting heroes from the era of the Stormlord of the Tower.
Cyrus: But... I suppose I can't expect the younger generation to think like me, right? Haha!
Cyrus: Well, if the youngsters can feel the charm of adventuring through the spirit of the festival, I suppose it's worth it.

### Talk 7 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Cyrus: A crisis? I see this as the opportunity of a lifetime!
Cyrus: If there is any adventurer who does not get their blood up at this, surely they fail as an adventurer!
Cyrus: Once the time is right, I must take Jack and the others out to see the world. And thanks to this incident, our adventure teams can be expanded a little, yes?
Cyrus: And as for the dragon... well, there isn't anything that cannot be conquered with perseverance, is there?

### Talk 7 related talk 1

Cyrus: Tell me about the Arcadian Ruins

### Talk 7 related talk 2

Traveler: We're looking for...

### Talk 7 related talk 3

Cyrus: Who are you?
Cyrus: I'm Cyrus, Master of the Adventurers' Guild, Mondstadt Branch!
Cyrus: I'm sure we'll get to know each other later on. I can tell you are a born adventurer!
Cyrus: How can I tell? Just call it a senior adventurer's hunch, haha!
Cyrus: Listen, if you're interested, we can talk about it some more at Angel's Share another day!

### Talk 7 related talk 4

Cyrus: Tell me about the Adventurers' Guild.
Cyrus: Ad astra abyssosque!
Cyrus: We have branches all around Teyvat! Haha!
Cyrus: You can meet fellow adventurers in the guild, participate in expeditions to every corner of the land, and get paid for completing commissions...
Cyrus: This truly is heaven for all adventurers! You sure you're not interested, kid? Hahaha...

### Talk 7 related talk 5

Cyrus: Goodbye.
Cyrus: A youngster like you should be more energetic. Don't be cold!

## Talk 8

Albert: ...*sigh* Traveler, what kind of gift do you think moves people the most?
Albert: Windblumes... I'm sure Barbara-sama has already seen plenty of those and won't be interested at all.
Albert: A letter... I think Barbara-sama gets plenty of those as well, and the feedback from her fans is virtually the same.
Albert: I need to get her something more unique, something more eye-catching...
Albert: Huh, you mean we need to be careful not to cause any trouble for Barbara-sama? Ah, right, thanks for the reminder. That's really important too.
Albert: Barbara-sama's work is essential. As fans, we should do our utmost not to disturb her!

## Talk 9

Glory: Huh? I recognize this voice... Traveler?
Glory: The Windblume festivities are in full swing! If you get time, do make sure to roam around. You'll find a very different Mondstadt.
Glory: Even better, if there's someone important to you, you should spend the festival with them. That's where the Windblume spirit truly resides...
Glory: The Windblume Festival is a celebration of comfort and warmth. If possible, I wish I could spend this time with my beloved, Godwin...
Glory: I still don't know how he's getting on... May the winds protect him.

## Talk 10

Patchi the Curious: So, just what kind of flower was the Windblume from Old Mondstadt?
Patchi the Curious: Modern Mondstadters have every opinion in the world about Windblumes, but they all seem to lack the desire to seek out tangible proof.
Patchi the Curious: It might be that the atmosphere of this festival is too leisurely. I'm seeing wandering couples play at being adventurers without properly understanding what a real adventure is.
Patchi the Curious: Hmph, I'm not like them. As a true scholar, I want to discover the truth behind the question, and won't be deterred by anything else!
Patchi the Curious: Speaking of which, Mr. Doolan often tells me that we should go to Cape Oath to have a look. What a curious idea. It's not as if there are ruins there or anything...

### Talk 10 related talk 0

Traveler: What's happened?
Patchi the Curious: I am a researcher of ancient ruins. I simply have to find a way to get inside and investigate... But how in the world is one supposed to get past a Ruin Guard?
Patchi the Curious: My acquaintance Doolan, an adventurer, was once injured by a Ruin Guard when he, too, sought to venture inside these ruins. We are discussing how to approach it.
Patchi the Curious: *sigh* But after hours and hours of discussion, we have made no progress whatsoever...

### Talk 10 related talk 1

Traveler: Goodbye.
Patchi the Curious: Okay, bye. I'll keep mulling this over...

## Talk 11

Patton: Angel's Share is a great place to bring a date!
Patton: There's no need to trek all the way up to Starsnatch Cliff, nor is there a point in climbing the heights of Cape Oath. All you need to do is walk into a tavern, order two drinks, and chat the day away with your companions!
Patton: Apple cider, cherry cider... and delicious Dandelion Wine. If you want it, the Angel's Share's got it.
Patton: This is, after all, an industry thriving beneath the gaze of our esteemed Master Diluc. All beverages are supplied straight from the Dawn Winery.
Patton: So, how about it? Want to come in?

### Talk 11 related talk 0

Traveler: Adventure Challenge

### Talk 11 related talk 1

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Patton: *sigh* Honestly, that scared me to death. We don't know when Stormterror might attack again, either... but even so, I have to stand here and advertise the tavern.
Patton: I do owe Master Diluc money, so much money that I'll have to stand out here without food, drink or sleep for another forty-eight years. If I slack off now, that time will get extended.
Patton: ...I wonder if Master Diluc will clear my debt on account of the dragon's attacks?
Patton: Probably not, haha... *sobs*

### Talk 11 related talk 2

Traveler: Tell me about Angel's Share.
Patton: It was way back when the Dawn Winery was just established when the owner of the winery opened this tavern.
Patton: The winery's owner, Master Diluc, still holds the deed to Angel's Share. He really has taken the business to the next level.
Patton: "The best in Mondstadt" is the truth.
Patton: Master Diluc serves the customers here personally when he's in a good mood, and let Charles off for a day or two.
Patton: If you see him here, be respectful. He is Mondstadt's tycoon, you know...
Traveler: Tell me about the wine industry in Mondstadt.
Patton: Mondstadt's climate, water, and crops are all perfect for making wine... I have to agree, we are blessed by the Anemo Archon!
Patton: Apple cider and cherry ciders all taste mighty nice — I forgot to mention dandelion wine! That's one of a kind!
Patton: By exporting to Liyue's trade unions, Mondstadt's wines will be sold all over the continent.
Patton: They make incredible sales over there. Some even call it "bottled Mora."
Patton: This must be why Dawn Winery's owner is so filthy rich...
Traveler: Tell me about yourself.
Patton: Let me give you a piece of advice... Don't touch any of the bottles here, no matter how plain it looks...
Patton: The bottle I broke happened to be the last owner's collector's red wine... Do you see the villa to the north over there?
Patton: What I mean is, that wine cost as much as that villa.
Patton: By my calculations, I need to work 48 more years to pay it back... without sleeping and eating.
Patton: Well... It doesn't seem THAT hopeless if I think about it like that.
Patton: I need to get back to buying back my freedom... Hahaha... *coughs* *sobs*

### Talk 11 related talk 3

Patton: I'm fine, thanks.
Patton: You leaving already? If you want to try Mondstadt's best wine, this is the place!

### Talk 11 related talk 4

Traveler: Do you have any specials these days?
Patton: Currently, we're giving every customer a free Chicken-Mushroom Skewer. It goes great with any drink!
Patton: Here, take one and have a seat. I promise it'll suit your liking!

## Talk 12

Huffman: Greetings, the Knights of Favonius are at your service.
Huffman: Blessings of the Anemo Archon upon you. On this romantic festival, I bid you and your companions joy and cheer.

### Talk 12 related talk 0

Traveler: About Mika...
Huffman: Oh? You've already met my brother? Then I don't think there's much to say.
Huffman: I was so worried about him when he went out with the Grand Master. But now it seems I was too worried.
Huffman: Although he is still prone to shyness, his ability to survey and do mapping has improved a lot, and his work is done in short order.
Huffman: I hear he's joining the Guerrilla Assault platoon next, and he probably won't be back in town for a while. I wish him all the best!

### Talk 12 related talk 1

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Huffman: Though the end of this crisis is a good thing, it's come with its fair share of troubles, too.
Huffman: Between tallying up the human cost, repairing damaged property, and strengthening our defenses in case anyone tries to make trouble, we've got a busy time ahead of us.
Huffman: During this time, we must all do our best to share the Acting Grand Master's burden.

### Talk 12 related talk 2

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Huffman: Please, do not worry. The Knights of Favonius will do their utmost to protect Mondstadt!
Huffman: This is not rhetoric from the Knights of Favonius Handbook, but something I truly wanted to say myself.
Huffman: Even though Grand Master Varka is not currently in Mondstadt, our Acting Grand Master will surely bring us through this crisis.

### Talk 12 related talk 3

Traveler: Tell me about the Knights of Favonius.
Huffman: ...So you'd like to know how we're doing lately?
Huffman: Your concern is much appreciated. Thanks to you both, we've managed to solve many difficult problems.
Huffman: I'm just glad that we've never let down the trust of the citizens of Mondstadt.
Huffman: Me and my outstanding colleagues will continue protecting our beloved people, as usual.

### Talk 12 related talk 4

Traveler: Tell me about Mondstadt.
Huffman: It's a city adored by its archon and its people, which is the reason for the Knights of Favonius' existence.
Huffman: Well, that's all. Our belief is short and simple, but strong. Isn't it?

### Talk 12 related talk 5

Traveler: Goodbye.
Huffman: Goodbye. Enjoy the wind of Mondstadt.

## Talk 13

Nimrod: Hi, is there something you wanted my help with?
Nimrod: If it's not urgent, please pardon me for not keeping you company.
Nimrod: I did have to slip out, after all. I want to get my wife something special.
Nimrod: ...And some wine while I'm at it. Ah, how can you be a Mondstadter if you don't get to drink, especially on a holiday?
Nimrod: As for what kind of gift I should get her... well, I suppose I'll figure it out on the way to buy some wine.

## Talk 14

Eury: Hello, are you here to buy something as well? Huh, you aren't?
Eury: *sigh* I envy people like you who can show restraint when shopping...
Eury: Especially during a holiday with special sales and discounts everywhere. I even find the wine very tempting...
Eury: Ah, no. I must control myself. Resist, Eury! If I get any wine, why, it'll only end up being consumed by my alcoholic of a husband!

## Talk 15

Sayid: Huh. Am I seeing things, or was that the General Mahamatra I just saw walking around Mondstadt...
Sayid: ...I must be seeing things. The General Mahamatra is always busy. How's he supposed to find the time to wander around Mondstadt!
Sayid: Must be because I've been reading too much lately, triggering flashbacks to all the nerve-wracking research I had to do at the Akademiya...

### Talk 15 related talk 0

Traveler: About Stormterror...
Sayid: Stormterror's story... Or should I say, Dvalin's, is a topic with great research value.
Sayid: I never expected to encounter such a cataclysmic event on my trip to Mondstadt. For me, it's quite fortunate.
Sayid: Anyway, I will record everything I have seen and heard. I should like for my compatriots in Sumeru to learn of these historical events...

### Talk 15 related talk 1

Sayid: Who are you?
Sayid: Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Sayid, a visiting scholar from Sumeru.
Sayid: Mondstadt is a pleasant place. I have been here for some time now, and I am reluctant to leave... It has definitely brought out my more, ahem, leisurely side...
Sayid: In all seriousness though, a leisurely lifestyle just means doing whatever makes you happy, doesn't it? A fitting ethos for the City of Freedom...
Sayid: And it seems that I've become a total convert without anyone having to preach it from the rooftops... Hah. The remarkable wisdom of the gods.
Sayid: Anemo Archon Barbatos, my respect to you.
Traveler: Tell me about Sumeru.
Sayid: It's my homeland, though I haven't been back in a long while.
Sayid: Sumeru is known all over the world as a center of learning. As a traveler, I'm sure you must have heard of the Sumeru Akademiya?
Sayid: Ms. Lisa of the Knights of Favonius studied there. My teacher mentioned her once — allegedly, Lisa was the best student they'd seen in two hundred years...
Sayid: I am exceptionally curious as to the real reason that she wound up working here as a librarian...

### Talk 15 related talk 2

Traveler: Made any discoveries?
Sayid: I was reading up on some of Mondstadt's historical myths previously. Fortunately, the library has a wealth of resources for reference.
Sayid: Of all the myths and legends in Mondstadt, the one I'm most fascinated by has to be The Legend of Vennessa.
Sayid: The spirit of freedom prized by Mondstadt must have been modeled after her courage in standing up to injustice and oppressive rulers. Even as an outsider, I am deeply moved.
Sayid: My focus has shifted to the songs of Mondstadt of late, so I'm done with this book now. Just remember to return it to the library once you've finished reading it...

### Talk 15 related talk 3

Sayid: Goodbye.
Sayid: Farewell, may you forever grow in wisdom.

## Talk 16

Brook: Oh, did the wondrous fragrance of my cooked meat draw another? Hehehe.
Brook: You can really tell it's the holidays when the streets are full in this little town. Even outlanders have come to visit.
Brook: I thought he was here to ask for directions, but instead he surprised me when he inquired if I knew how to make any dishes using Philanemo Mushrooms.
Brook: Cooking with Philanemo Mushrooms... isn't impossible. But at most, they just accent the meat.

### Talk 16 related talk 0

Traveler: Do you need some Raw Meat?
Brook: Oh, you must have seen that commission of mine.
Brook: Well, do you have six servings of Raw Meat with you?
Traveler: Of course.
Traveler: Not yet...
Brook: Well, I'll need them to research new recipes, so please pass them to me once you've gathered them all.

### Talk 16 related talk 1

Traveler: Do you need some Fowl?
Brook: I guess you saw my commission, huh? Well, you're just in time.
Brook: Do you have those six servings of Fowl?
Traveler: Here they are.
Traveler: Not yet...
Brook: Well, I'll be making some food, so do bring them me once you've got them all.

### Talk 16 related talk 2

Traveler: I would like to buy something to eat.
Brook: Sure thing. How about a fresh steak? There's nothing better in all of Mondstadt.

### Talk 16 related talk 3

Traveler: Who are you?
Brook: You don't know who I am? I'm Brook. My meat-based recipes are very well known in Mondstadt.

### Talk 16 related talk 4

Traveler: What are you doing?
Brook: If you want the absolutely freshest meat possible, it has to go straight from the hunt to the kitchen with not a moment wasted.
Brook: That's the reason I moved to Springvale.
Brook: Of course, I do sell the vast majority of my cooking...
Brook: But the single freshest piece of meat in the day? I normally keep it as a treat for myself.

### Talk 16 related talk 5

Traveler: Goodbye.
Brook: Bon appétit... I mean, goodbye!

## Talk 17

Dr. Edith: Hmm, instead of celebrating the festival in the city, you're out here in the wilderness adventuring...
Dr. Edith: Are you, perchance, also searching for the Windblume?
Dr. Edith: As far as I'm aware, "Windblume" was possibly once a code word for people who wished to stay in contact and plot resistance in secret...
Dr. Edith: But with the changing of the times, the relational understanding between the people and the idea of the Windblume has also shifted.
Dr. Edith: In this modern age of peace and freedom, beyond just the Mondstadters, the peoples of other nations might instill a new significance into the Windblume Festival.
Dr. Edith: If such is the case then, the very meaning behind the Windblume itself will likely be varied in expression.

## Talk 18

Marjorie: "A flower that is not of this world"... Could that be referring to the real Windblume?
Marjorie: Ah, I'm sorry, I was preoccupied with thinking about something.
Marjorie: An adorable child bought a storybook from me, but I remember there being a rather strange riddle within its pages.
Marjorie: It might've been something that someone just accidentally left behind. You don't need to pay any special heed to it.

### Talk 18 related talk 0

Traveler: Do you know anything about presents?
Marjorie: Presents? I've got a lot here. But what do you need them for?
Traveler: Rudolf wants to give someone a present.
Marjorie: Rudolf? A present? Well sure, I've got a lot of good stuff here... But couldn't you at least tell me who the present is for?
Marjorie: "Someone" doesn't exactly give me a lot to go on.
Marjorie: For Jilliana? I see, so it's for Rudolf's wife.
Marjorie: Let me think. Ah, yes, I do have a present that she'll definitely like.
Marjorie: That said... Hehe, did you bring enough money? This present will run you 900 Mora.
Traveler: A present for Jilliana...
Marjorie: A present for Jilliana? From you, I presume? You do need to tell me who it's from, because it makes quite a difference in what I'd recommend.
Marjorie: Oh, it's from Rudolf... Hmm...
Traveler: Rudolf wants to give Jilliana a present...
Marjorie: Oh ho. You're quite experienced in helping people choose presents, aren't you? Your conditions are very clear — I can work with this.
Marjorie: So this is a present that Rudolf wants to give to his wife Jilliana, right?

### Talk 18 related talk 1

Traveler: About that present...

### Talk 18 related talk 2

Marjorie: Heard anything about a "Darknight Hero"?
Marjorie: Hero... Sounds impressive.
Marjorie: But unfortunately, I don't know any more than you do.

### Talk 18 related talk 3

Marjorie: Browse items.
Marjorie: Take a look around. Let me know if you're interested in any of these.

### Talk 18 related talk 4

Traveler: Adventure Challenge

### Talk 18 related talk 5

Traveler: I've got some treasure I want to sell.
Marjorie: You want to sell treasure? That's quite a surprise.
Marjorie: I imagine that an adventurer as skilled as you must have some truly rare goods to sell.
Marjorie: Let me have a look.
Black Screen Text: You tell Marjorie about the Dragonbone Orb.
Marjorie: Huh, isn't this what the bards called the "Fretnaught Fruit"?
Marjorie: To think that it really exists... So its real name is the Dragonbone Orb.
Marjorie: If its effects are as you say, I'd be willing to pay 80,000 Mora and some specialty dishes for it.
Marjorie: Hmm... How does 80,000 Mora and 5 Moon Pies sound to you?
Traveler: ...What will you use it for?
Marjorie: Hehe. I mean, it's such a unique treasure.
Marjorie: Why, it has abilities straight out of a fairy tale! I doubt those alchemists would be loath to part with their Mora.
Traveler: A fair price. Done.
Marjorie: I'll take this, then. Thanks for your patronage!
Marjorie: Ah yes. Such beads formed from condensation tend to evaporate slowly in the wind.
Marjorie: As such, it might be best to cover it with a diaphragm or place it within a sealed container to ensure its quality.
Marjorie: I'll give you this tip free of charge. Hopefully, it'll be of some use to you in your adventures.
Marjorie: If you encounter such treasures in the future, always remember that you'll have a loyal buyer in me!
Traveler: Let me think about it a bit more.
Marjorie: Sure, no problem. Nonetheless, I have confidence in my estimation of this item's value.
Marjorie: You can come to me again once you've mulled the matter over.

### Talk 18 related talk 6

Traveler: About the Dragonbone Orb...
Marjorie: How about it? Told you that my price was the best, hehe!
Marjorie: If you sell it to me, my price is 80,000 Mora and 5 Moon Pies. Sounds reasonable, yes?
Traveler: It's yours.
Marjorie: I'll take it, then. Thanks for your patronage!
Marjorie: Ah yes. Such beads formed from condensation tend to evaporate slowly in the wind.
Marjorie: As such, it might be best to cover it with a diaphragm or place it within a sealed container to ensure its quality.
Marjorie: I'll give you this tip free of charge. Hopefully, it'll be of some use to you in your adventures.
Marjorie: If you encounter such treasures in the future, always remember that you'll have a loyal buyer in me!
Traveler: Let me think about it one more time.
Marjorie: Sure, aren't you the careful sort? Nonetheless, I have confidence in my estimation of this item's value.
Marjorie: You can come to me again once you've mulled the matter over.

### Talk 18 related talk 7

Traveler: I'd like to get some special souvenirs, please.
Marjorie: Well, then you've come to the right place. Have a look, see if anything takes your fancy!

### Talk 18 related talk 8

Marjorie: Browse items.
Marjorie: My, this is unfortunate. The shop's been undergoing renovations recently.
Marjorie: Drop by next time. Our products will never disappoint!

### Talk 18 related talk 9

Traveler: I'd like to ask about something.
Marjorie: Oh? I see you're very interested.

### Talk 18 related talk 10

Traveler: Goodbye.
Marjorie: Oh! Don't forget to bring some goodies here next time!

## Talk 19

Beatrice: I'm being serious, there really are heart-shaped Sunsettias around Cape Oath...
Quinn: Bea, your eyes must have been playing tricks on you. Sunsettias just don't grow into that shape. It's against the laws of nature.
Quinn: And even if they did exist, there's no way that they could be sweeter than the ones I'm already selling.
Beatrice: Well, why don't we just go over to Cape Oath to have a look? It won't take long...
Quinn: No. This has to do with my convictions! Using visual attraction to sell fruit is just a cheap trick. I would never do that.
Beatrice: ...Oh come on, why won't you just get it already...
Quinn: Sorry? What did you just say?
Beatrice: *cough* Uh, nothing... Come on, just consider it for a second!

## Talk 20

Quinn: Even if she's a close friend, my resolve won't be shaken... *hic*

### Talk 20 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Quinn: *hic* Oh, it's you...
Quinn: That's right. I'm Quinn of Quinn's Fruits. My booth is at...
Quinn: Fresh fruits only at... Quinn's Fruits...
Quinn: Wait... Have we met before?

### Talk 20 related talk 1

Traveler: Who's she?
Quinn: Oh, you mean Bea?
Quinn: Dunno what she's thinking.
Quinn: Ever since the Windblume Festival began, she's been bugging me about Cape Oath and heart-shaped Sunsettias...
Quinn: Sunsettias of that kind just don't exist...
Quinn: You'd agree, right? *hic*

### Talk 20 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Quinn: *hic* A... Another!

## Talk 21

Traveler: Who are you?
Quinn: *hic* Oh, it's you...
Quinn: That's right. I'm Quinn of Quinn's Fruits. My booth is at...
Quinn: Fresh fruits only at... Quinn's Fruits...
Quinn: Wait... Have we met before?

## Talk 22

Traveler: Who's she?
Quinn: Oh, you mean Bea?
Quinn: Dunno what she's thinking.
Quinn: Ever since the Windblume Festival began, she's been bugging me about Cape Oath and heart-shaped Sunsettias...
Quinn: Sunsettias of that kind just don't exist...
Quinn: You'd agree, right? *hic*

## Talk 23

Traveler: Goodbye.
Quinn: *hic* A... Another!

## Talk 24

Schulz: Well, by the looks of you, I'd say you're an adventurer! Not going to stock up on some new equipment during the Windblume Festival?

### Talk 24 related talk 0

Traveler: What do you have for sale?
Schulz: Take your pick from this selection. All Master's own handiwork, so you won't find any second-rate items here.

### Talk 24 related talk 1

Traveler: About the Windblume Festival and adventurers...
Schulz: A lot of couples will choose to have dates at Cape Oath, but there are some brave adventurer couples who will venture near Stormterror's Lair.
Schulz: That area is simply crawling with monsters, so many adventurers will come here to purchase new equipment...
Schulz: ...After all, if you were to be beaten by monsters in that place, you wouldn't just lose face — you'd be putting your companion in danger, too...
Schulz: So each time the Windblume Festival rolls around, we smiths run brisker business than usual, so I suppose we can be thankful for that.

### Talk 24 related talk 2

Schulz: What are you doing?
Schulz: I'm an apprentice. Name's Schulz.
Schulz: Master's work is pure perfection. I never tire of watching him work.
Schulz: I usually help master out with odd jobs on the shop floor. Getting some downtime, where I can just watch him work his magic, is reward enough for me.

### Talk 24 related talk 3

Traveler: Goodbye.
Schulz: Take care, and make sure to enjoy the Windblume Festival!

## Talk 25

Traveler: What do you have for sale?
Schulz: Take your pick from this selection. All Master's own handiwork, so you won't find any second-rate items here.

## Talk 26

Traveler: About the Windblume Festival and adventurers...
Schulz: A lot of couples will choose to have dates at Cape Oath, but there are some brave adventurer couples who will venture near Stormterror's Lair.
Schulz: That area is simply crawling with monsters, so many adventurers will come here to purchase new equipment...
Schulz: ...After all, if you were to be beaten by monsters in that place, you wouldn't just lose face — you'd be putting your companion in danger, too...
Schulz: So each time the Windblume Festival rolls around, we smiths run brisker business than usual, so I suppose we can be thankful for that.

## Talk 27

Traveler: Goodbye.
Schulz: Take care, and make sure to enjoy the Windblume Festival!

## Talk 28

Flora: Welcome to Floral Whisper. Are you looking to get someone a bouquet? It's the Windblume Festival, after all.

### Talk 28 related talk 0

Flora: What kind of flowers does Lisa like?
Flora: You want to know what flowers to get for Miss Lisa?
Flora: We're not particularly close, but she strikes me as a classy lady!
Flora: Hmm... Yep, it can only be the *Cecilia*!

### Talk 28 related talk 1

Flora: Do you have any information regarding the "Darknight Hero..."?
Flora: Huh? What's the Darknight Hero?
Flora: Is it a fairytale?

### Talk 28 related talk 2

Traveler: About those flowers...
Flora: Did you finish getting the flowers?
Traveler: Got 'em right here.
Flora: These are all so fresh... Thank you. With these flowers out at the storefront, we're sure to attract a lot of customers.
Flora: If I could make another small request... the wind also blew all the dandelions we had away.
Flora: Although dandelions being carried away by the wind isn't a bad thing...
Flora: But it still seem strange for a florist's in Mondstadt to not have dandelions.
Flora: Dandelions can't just be plucked and brought back — they have to be regrown from scratch.
Flora: So could you help fetch a batch of Dandelion Seeds for me?
Traveler: I'll do it.
Flora: I'm counting on you, then. I recall that there are lots of dandelions just outside Mondstadt.
Traveler: Where should I start looking?
Flora: There are lots of dandelions outside the city. You should be able to get them easily.

### Talk 28 related talk 3

Traveler: So, about those dandelions...
Flora: Have you managed to get the dandelions?
Traveler: I have them.
Flora: Thank you. This should be enough. I'll sow the seeds into these pots...
Flora: ...Along with those flowers that you found for me earlier.
Flora: Ah, yes. I have to thank you, don't I? This is a little token, please take it.
Flora: Now, I have to quickly put these flowers inside these pots here. Then the dandelions seeds go there...

### Talk 28 related talk 4

Traveler: About those flowers...
Flora: You can find small lamp grass and sweet flowers in the Whispering Woods. Windrise is where you'll find windwheel asters, and you can find cecilias on Starsnatch Cliff.
Flora: You can definitely get the freshest flowers from these areas.
Flora: Once you've finished picking them, please bring them back to me as quickly as possible.

### Talk 28 related talk 5

Traveler: So, about those dandelions...
Flora: Dandelions can be found just outside Mondstadt, but I have to clean up the shop, and simply don't have time to leave...
Flora: So please, help me gather a batch of Dandelion Seeds.

### Talk 28 related talk 6

Traveler: Do you sell any Mondstadt specialties?
Flora: Specialties? You're looking for a gift? Hmm, but I only sell flowers, which don't stay fresh for very long. They'll wilt very quickly.
Flora: The only other thing I can think of is to make a flower bookmark. I sometimes make them as gifts for my friends.
Flora: They aren't worth a lot in monetary terms, but maybe they have some sentimental value... If you're interested, I suppose I can make one for you.
Flora: But first, you must answer my question. Answer correctly, and I will make a bookmark for you.
Flora: It's a very easy question. Here goes: Is the Dandelion a flower?

### Talk 28 related talk 7

Traveler: I'm still confused by this whole Dandelion dilemma...
Flora: Dandelions are flowers! That's all there is to it! Any other questions?
Traveler: Why, Flora? Why are Dandelions flowers?
Flora: Gentle and floaty... They make you feel happy... Everyone loves them...
Flora: Ergo, Dandelions are flowers, of course!

### Talk 28 related talk 8

Traveler: About these Dandelion flowers...
Flora: Have you got the Dandelion Seeds?
Traveler: I have them here.
Flora: Yep, that's them! Great. And in return, here's your bookmark.
Flora: Flower bookmarks are very fragile, and very easily lost. I'll box it for you, just don't go opening it unless you have to.
Flora: It's a shame you can't make bookmarks out of Dandelion Seeds...

### Talk 28 related talk 9

Traveler: I'd like to buy some flowers.
Flora: Certainly. We have a fine selection, whether you're looking to give a bouquet to someone or even do some gardening yourself.

### Talk 28 related talk 10

Traveler: About the Windblume Festival...
Flora: The Windblume Festival is an ancient tradition of Mondstadt's. A day for freedom and romance.
Flora: When we speak of Windblume Festival tradition, I suppose it's about giving the "Windblume" in your heart to the person who's the most important to you, hehe.
Flora: As to what flower the Windblume actually is, everyone's got their own opinions.
Flora: Well, that's freedom for you, hehe.

### Talk 28 related talk 11

Traveler: Tell me about your flowers.
Flora: We carry a large variety of flowers. Are you looking for anything in particular?

### Talk 28 related talk 12

Traveler: Sorry for bothering you.
Flora: I hope you'll enjoy yourself during the Windblume festivities.

## Talk 29

Traveler: I'd like to buy some flowers.
Flora: Certainly. We have a fine selection, whether you're looking to give a bouquet to someone or even do some gardening yourself.

## Talk 30

Traveler: About the Windblume Festival...
Flora: The Windblume Festival is an ancient tradition of Mondstadt's. A day for freedom and romance.
Flora: When we speak of Windblume Festival tradition, I suppose it's about giving the "Windblume" in your heart to the person who's the most important to you, hehe.
Flora: As to what flower the Windblume actually is, everyone's got their own opinions.
Flora: Well, that's freedom for you, hehe.

## Talk 31

Traveler: Sorry for bothering you.
Flora: I hope you'll enjoy yourself during the Windblume festivities.

## Talk 32

Marvin: Marla, the Windblume Festival is here, and yet, it holds no meaning for me...
Marla: Oh, Marvin, say not that!
Marla: We do not have your father's approval, but this time for lovers is ours also...
Marvin: No, what I mean is that as long as I am with you, every day may as well be the Windblume Festival.
Marla: You're right, Marvin. Our love is like the dandelions that bloom on Cape Oath...
Marvin: Marla, no... Our love should not be a thing so fragile...
Marla: No, I mean to say that though the dandelions are scattered by the wild winds, their lives will not thusly end.
Marla: Dandelion Seeds will fly to distant places, take root, and sprout there... One day, they will cover the length and breadth of Teyvat.
Marvin: Oh, my darling Marla...
Marla: Oh, Marvin! My love...

## Talk 33

Margaret: Since it's the Windblume Festival, would you like to come to The Cat's Tail and have a few drinks?
Margaret: I might even give you some flowers... Hehe.

### Talk 33 related talk 0

Margaret: About the Windblume Festival...
Margaret: The Windblume Festival had a very solemn meaning once...
Margaret: But nowadays, many people believe that it's just a time when they send flowers to others and get their feelings across.
Margaret: Oh? Have someone you'd like to send flowers to, do you? Let me guess... is it me, by any chance?
Margaret: ...Haha, don't be so nervous. I was just joking.

### Talk 33 related talk 1

Traveler: What are you doing?
Margaret: I'm waiting for someone to invite me for a drink at the tavern. Would that be you?
Margaret: Just kidding! Loosen up a little! Mondstadt is a city of romance~!

### Talk 33 related talk 2

Traveler: No, thanks...
Margaret: Aww, don't be shy.

## Talk 34

Margaret: About the Windblume Festival...
Margaret: The Windblume Festival had a very solemn meaning once...
Margaret: But nowadays, many people believe that it's just a time when they send flowers to others and get their feelings across.
Margaret: Oh? Have someone you'd like to send flowers to, do you? Let me guess... is it me, by any chance?
Margaret: ...Haha, don't be so nervous. I was just joking.

## Talk 35

Traveler: No, thanks...
Margaret: Aww, don't be shy.

## Talk 36

Six-Fingered José: #Hey there, amigo! Are you here to listen to Six-Fingered José's latest composition?
Six-Fingered José: Hehe, fear not. My creations do not disappoint.
Six-Fingered José: When it comes to the Windblume Festival, other bards think of love songs. Madre mía, no sense of invention...
Six-Fingered José: I, Six-Fingered José, on the other hand, am not constrained by convention. I wish to eulogize the heroic epics of ages past! The people must remember that this is a day for commemorating heroes and resisting tyrants!
Six-Fingered José: Even if, ahem... I haven't quite finished the last part yet. But once it's complete, it will bring my audience running back!

### Talk 36 related talk 0

Traveler: ...Um, who are you?
Six-Fingered José: You can call me Six-Fingered José, it's okay.
Six-Fingered José: I am a beloved bard of Mondstadt... Or I should say, I used to be beloved.

## Talk 37

Doolan: This is the time of the Windblume Festival, the season when dandelions float about in the wind.
Doolan: I've always been looking forward to a time when I might express my love for my destined one amid a sea of billowing dandelions...
Doolan: But I never expected Miss Patchi to be too absorbed in her research to understand a thing I was saying...
Doolan: Nothing could be more boring than spending such a romantic festival buried knee-deep in books and ruins.
Doolan: Who knows how long it'll take for her to understand these deep yet nebulous feelings of mine...

## Talk 38

Godwin: *sigh* I wonder how Glory is doing...
Godwin: I wish I could return to Mondstadt to see her... But I can't. How can I let her know that her lover is a coward and a deserter?
Godwin: The best I can do now is clear out monsters and do my part to protect Mondstadt... and her.
Godwin: Laugh if you want. I'm... I'm a useless man.

### Talk 38 related talk 0

Traveler: About your patrols...
Godwin: So far, I've taken care of quite a few hilichurls and slimes, but there's always more of them...
Godwin: They've been appearing more frequently of late. I cannot allow them to get any closer to Mondstadt. My lover Glory is...
Godwin: ...No, it's nothing. Thanks for listening to me. Stay safe on your travels. Here's some of the experience I've gained out in the wild — I hope it'll be useful to you.

## Talk 39

Myweiss: The Windblume Festival... Hmph, it's that time of the year again, is it?
Myweiss: I had an epiphany when I got divorced, and it was like waking from a long dream: the Windblume Festival should never have been associated with love at all!
Myweiss: Hah, it must have been the scheme of some scheming city merchants. Wouldn't they love to package every festival as something for lovers?
Myweiss: ...People in love have no rational thought to speak of. A little flattery here and there and their wallets open wide.
Myweiss: Whatever the case, I've come to my senses now. These festivals are absolutely meaningless.
Myweiss: ...And if not for the Windblume Festival, would I even have met that man? Hmph...

## Talk 40

Allan: Foxes really are too difficult to catch. Just how exactly did the elders manage it...

### Talk 40 related talk 0

Traveler: About the foxes...
Allan: Oh! As Springvale hunters, this is one of our customs.
Allan: Every Windblume Festival, young hunters like me go to Wolvendom to catch foxes.
Allan: When we catch one, we place a wreath of flowers on its head and release it. It's a prayer for finding love in the year ahead...
Allan: Of course, only eligible young hunters like myself participate. Hunters that have already tied the knot, like Draff for example, they're not allowed to take part.
Traveler: Did you catch a fox?
Allan: *sigh* Not even close. Foxes are so hard to catch.
Allan: I didn't catch one last Windblume Festival either. In fact, I nearly injured myself. I remember swearing that this time would be different...
Allan: ...and yet, low and behold, I've been outfoxed again. All I caught were a couple of squirrels.
Allan: That said... I wonder if Miss Sucrose could use her bio-alchemy to change squirrels into foxes?
Allan: I bet she could, haha...
Traveler: So everyone that catches a fox will find love?
Allan: Uh... if you always participate, your chances will increase exponentially...
Allan: ...in that sense, you're bound to bump into the right person eventually...
Allan: ...ahem. Anyway, that's what Draff's always telling us.

### Talk 40 related talk 1

Traveler: Who are you?
Allan: Oh, I'm Allan. I'm a hunter... in the making.
Allan: I'm trying my best to learn the tricks of the trade from Draff.

### Talk 40 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Allan: Alright, see you next time.

## Talk 41

Traveler: About the foxes...
Allan: Oh! As Springvale hunters, this is one of our customs.
Allan: Every Windblume Festival, young hunters like me go to Wolvendom to catch foxes.
Allan: When we catch one, we place a wreath of flowers on its head and release it. It's a prayer for finding love in the year ahead...
Allan: Of course, only eligible young hunters like myself participate. Hunters that have already tied the knot, like Draff for example, they're not allowed to take part.
Traveler: Did you catch a fox?
Allan: *sigh* Not even close. Foxes are so hard to catch.
Allan: I didn't catch one last Windblume Festival either. In fact, I nearly injured myself. I remember swearing that this time would be different...
Allan: ...and yet, low and behold, I've been outfoxed again. All I caught were a couple of squirrels.
Allan: That said... I wonder if Miss Sucrose could use her bio-alchemy to change squirrels into foxes?
Allan: I bet she could, haha...
Traveler: So everyone that catches a fox will find love?
Allan: Uh... if you always participate, your chances will increase exponentially...
Allan: ...in that sense, you're bound to bump into the right person eventually...
Allan: ...ahem. Anyway, that's what Draff's always telling us.

## Talk 42

Traveler: Goodbye.
Allan: Alright, see you next time.

## Talk 43

Lisa: Why, if it isn't my underclassman, Cyno. What a pleasant surprise it is to see you in Mondstadt during the Windblume Festival.
Cyno: Greetings, Lisa. Though I'm sure you've been aware of my presence in Mondstadt for some time already.
Lisa: Oh dear, looks like you've seen right through me. But I was in no hurry. I knew we'd see each other sooner or later.
Cyno: Yes. It's just as Professor Cyrus said — shared aspirations always have a way of bringing people into each other's orbit.
Lisa: Hehe, he always has such a poetic way of wording things. I suppose that's the one respect in which I've taken after him, while in your case...
Lisa: Yes, it's his wit and eccentricities that have left their mark on you.
Cyno: Hmm. I'm not sure that describes me very aptly these days, given that I'm now the General Mahamatra. Still, if we're going to talk about ways with words, I think my deadpan humor is far superior than our professor's.
Lisa: Is that so? Strange, I heard that you're just Cyno the Adventurer when you're in Mondstadt.
Cyno: ...You make a good point.
Lisa: What do you think of Mondstadt during this time of year? It's quite nice, isn't it?
Cyno: Yes. It's very nice. I think I'm starting to understand your reasons for leaving the Akademiya.
Lisa: Hehe. I've always prided myself on making wise decisions, and that was certainly one of them.
Cyno: If our professor had been as sensible as you, he would have had a much easier time in his working life. Being stubborn doesn't help anybody.
Lisa: Well, if even you feel comfortable criticizing him now that he's retired... it really goes to show how much he's changed.
Lisa: Stubbornness is an all-too-common vice among scholars. I hope that never rubs off on you. I'm always happy to see you visit Mondstadt, and experience the feeling of freedom for yourself.
Lisa: I heard the latest news about Collei, too. No doubt the traumas of her childhood will persist for a while to come, but I have to say, she appears to be doing quite better this time than on previous visits.
Lisa: I suppose you're something of a mentor to her, aren't you? Now that I think about it, the two of you aren't so dissimilar. The power of Hermanubis once brought you great suffering.
Cyno: That's all in the past now. Besides, Professor thankfully didn't treat me like a test subject for the priest's power like the higher-ups had hoped, even though I was a desert-dweller.
Cyno: Instead, he gave me the tools I needed to lead the life I have today. He adopted me, educated me, taught me how to fit into society... I am very grateful to him.
Lisa: You are very gifted, and sometimes that can become its own curse. But he has reason to be grateful to you, too — without you as his son-slash-student, he may never have changed his stubborn ways.
Lisa: As a fellow student of his, I couldn't be happier for the two of you. ...Ah, look at how quickly this developed from small talk to a deep and serious conversation. That's one thing I do miss about my Akademiya days.
Cyno: By virtue of being another of his students, you are as much a part of professor's family as I. It's perfectly natural for a daughter to inherit her father's conversation style.
Lisa: If you say so... I suppose that means I get to call you "baby brother" from now on.
Cyno: ...Um... I—I'd rather you didn't...
Lisa: Hahaha, yes, there's the baby brother I remember.

## Talk 44

Timaeus: Am I... Am I dreaming? Miss Ying'er, you really came all the way to Mondstadt to see me...
Timaeus: Wh—Why were you willing to make the trip? I still can't believe it...
Ying'er: Hehe, why wouldn't I want to come see you, hmm? It's not like a quick trip from Liyue to Mondstadt is completely unheard-of or anything.
Ying'er: Also, isn't it time for you to drop the "Miss," and just call me Ying'er?
Timaeus: Ying'er...
Ying'er: Mm-hmm.
Timaeus: Ying'er... Heh, I... I think I still need some time to get used to calling you that...
Ying'er: Hehe, look at you, already so flustered. And we're just getting started!
Timaeus: No no, I, uh... I... *sigh*
Timaeus: I'm just overwhelmed with happiness. Thank you so, so much for coming to see me for Windblume...

### Talk 44 related talk 0

Traveler: (Try talking to Timaeus.)
Timaeus: Hi there, are you also interested in alchemy?

### Talk 44 related talk 1

Traveler: (Leave them alone.)

## Talk 45

Albedo: You liked the card back from Cyno, right? I must admit, I also spent a good amount of effort coming up with the design.
Albedo: His request was quite interesting. He wanted a dragon, a cool pose, and a design that would stand out and awe his opponents.
Albedo: Although the commission was for himself, he wanted the back to be flashy enough to draw the attention of the opposing player. Perhaps, there's something that can be said about how when it comes to Genius Invokation TCG, friendship is more important than competition.
Albedo: He also said that such an impressive card back should be shared with friends. Since he gave it to you, this must mean he considers you to be a close friend.
Albedo: Oh, and speaking of, to repay my efforts, he also gifted me the card back as well. Hmm... maybe I'll also give the game a try.

## Talk 46

Amber: Collei! Sucrose! I brought some home-cooked food, why don't we enjoy it together?
Collei: Really? Sounds great!
Sucrose: I—I must point out a small issue about your cooking! You have a tendency to put a little too much flavoring in your dishes...
Amber: Ahahaha, sorry! I guess I've been a little heavy-handed with the seasonings lately...
Collei: Are you feeling stressed recently? Do you want to find someone to play cards with? It really helps with stress, I promise!
Eula: Oh, that sounds like a good idea. If I recall, both you and Sucrose are pretty good players, right?
Sucrose: Oh yeah, we are! We've been playing together, and we were actually talking about this just a few days ago...
Eula: Since you are already familiar... would you mind also showing me the rules sometime?
Amber: Yeah, Collei seems to be a natural at the game... Maybe she's already the best player out of all of us!
Collei: Huh!? Me!?
Eula: That's right, you've been all the talk at the tavern. "That little girl from Sumeru is really good at the game... If I can find the chance, I would love to test my skills against her."
Collei: Really!?
Sucrose: Isn't that great, Collei? You've become a TCG celebrity!
Collei: Oh, I... I... Ehehe...

## Talk 47

Klee: Mona, look! I found a four-leaf clover. It's so pretty; do you like it?
Mona: Huh? Is it for me? Thank you, Klee!
Klee: Um, could you also say something nice to Klee?
Mona: Oh, of course! Ahem. I've actually gotten really good at this! Hmm...
Mona: O Miss Klee, our mighty Spark Knight, you are the flame of hope for all of Mondstadt, and the vessel for...
Klee: Huh? What's a vessel?
Mona: Oh no, Klee doesn't seem to really appreciate this kind of praise. Okay, then...
Mona: Klee, you're super adorable, and your hat and backpack are the cutest! Did your mom get them for you?
Klee: Yep! Mom said that she picked them out with Dodoco, and Dodoco really loves this backpack, too! Which is why Dodoco's always hanging from the side!
Klee: Mom also said that someone else was also helping her pick out the gifts that day... Hmm, what was the name again...?
Klee: Ah, if Klee remembers correctly, people would call her... the old hag.
Mona: Wait, the old hag!? ...Huh, okay, now that you mention it, the old hag does have a fondness for picking out hats...

## Talk 48

Mika: Thank you so much for your surveying tips! I had no idea that the Sumeru Forest Watchers would also have expertise in this area... You really do know just about everything!
Tighnari: It's only natural that Forest Watchers and surveyors would have some similar skills. We're both constantly outdoors and on the move, after all.
Tighnari: Anyway, I'm glad I could help.
Mika: If I can find the chance, I'd love to pay a visit to Sumeru as well! I've heard that the terrain is quite complicated there, and it'd be a treat to see it for myself.
Tighnari: Yes, "complicated" is indeed one way to put it. Visitors often get lost when they visit Sumeru for the first time, and they have a tendency to pick all kinds of mushrooms and fruits in the rainforest without discretion.
Mika: Ah, we get a lot of people here picking Philanemo Mushrooms as well...
Tighnari: Actually, have you ever tried adding them to a recipe? They are quite bland by themselves, but perhaps, the taste can be improved if they're cooked together with other ingredients...
Mika: I've never tried that myself... But now that you mention it, I do want to give it a try...
Tighnari: I'm quite curious, too. Would you like to pick some together later?

## Talk 49

Venti: Well, what do you think? I trust you've enjoyed this year's Windblume Festival?
Venti: I'm happy to see you find the time amidst your busy adventures to return to Mondstadt and celebrate the winds of freedom with us.
Venti: And if you have a moment now, would you care to hear a new love poem I wrote this year?
Venti: Ahem! Allow me to recite it for you.
Venti: This world has never seen such vibrant color / it bestows upon everyone a brilliant hue
Venti: A shade more ethereal than white / yet more radiant still than gold / it eases into your eyes / and restores to light a solitary soul
Venti: Hmm... maybe a bit too somber? Maybe I should write another one on Sweet Flowers instead...

## Talk 50

Cyno: Do you have time for a duel?
Traveler: I'm sorry, I don't know how to play.
Cyno: Huh, really... I suppose you've been too busy with other things to pick up the game?
Cyno: I'd suggest you visit The Cat's Tail. There's a teacher there who's quite proficient with introducing beginners to the game. You can learn the basics from her.
Cyno: The sooner you learn, the sooner we can duel.

## Talk 51

Cyno: I quite like my new card back. It goes perfectly with my deck.
Cyno: I take it that you've also received your card back? Want to use it to play a round?

### Talk 51 related talk 0

Traveler: Let's play Genius Invokation TCG!

### Talk 51 related talk 1

Traveler: I need to familiarize myself more with the deck and the rules...
Cyno: No problem. Just come find me again when you're ready.

## Talk 52

Traveler: Let's play Genius Invokation TCG!

## Talk 53

Cyno: A well-deserved victory.

## Talk 54

Cyno: You played well. Let's have a rematch in a few minutes.

## Talk 55

Traveler: I need to familiarize myself more with the deck and the rules...
Cyno: No problem. Just come find me again when you're ready.

## Talk 56

Traveler: (Try talking to Timaeus.)
Timaeus: Hi there, are you also interested in alchemy?

### Talk 56 related talk 0

Timaeus: I want to find out more about alchemy.
Timaeus: The ancient art of alchemy is simply captivating... I wish more people appreciated it.
Timaeus: Oh, you're into alchemy too?
Traveler: Very much so.
Timaeus: #Well then, boy, it's time for you to get some first-hand experience!
Timaeus: All great accomplishments start with a firm grasp of the basics and go from there.

### Talk 56 related talk 1

Timaeus: Remind me about that potion?
Timaeus: Have you finished making the Shocking Essential Oil?
Traveler: Still working on it...
Timaeus: Shocking Essential Oil is made from electro crystal and frog.
Timaeus: It shouldn't be too hard to find them when you're out and about. Gathering raw materials is a major part of the alchemist's work, you'll just have to get used to it.
Timaeus: When you've found them, try making some Shocking Essential Oil and show me how it turns out.

### Talk 56 related talk 2

Timaeus: Remind me about that potion?
Timaeus: Have you finished making the Frosting Essential Oil?
Traveler: Still working on it...
Timaeus: Frosting Essential Oil is made from lizard tail and mist flower corolla.
Timaeus: It shouldn't be too hard to find them when you're out and about. Gathering raw materials is a major part of the alchemist's work, you'll just have to get used to it.
Timaeus: When you've found them, try making some Frosting Essential Oil and show me how it turns out.

### Talk 56 related talk 3

Timaeus: Remind me about that potion?
Timaeus: Have you finished making the Flaming Essential Oil?
Traveler: Still working on it...
Timaeus: Flaming Essential Oil is made from frog and flaming flower stamen.
Timaeus: It shouldn't be too hard to find them when you're out and about. Gathering raw materials is a major part of the alchemist's work, you'll just have to get used to it.
Timaeus: When you've found them, try making some Flaming Essential Oil and show me how it turns out.

### Talk 56 related talk 4

Timaeus: Yes, it's ready.
Timaeus: Nice work! This is some genuine bona fide Shocking Essential Oil alright. It helps people channel Electro energy more easily.
Timaeus: Now, let me tell you what happens if you swap the frog for butterfly wings!
Timaeus: It produces a powerful Insulation Potion, which protects the taker against electroshocking.
Timaeus: Amazing, isn't it? The very same electro crystal can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
Timaeus: Go on, take this Insulation Potion and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!

### Talk 56 related talk 5

Timaeus: Yes, it's ready.
Timaeus: Wow, that's a mighty fine batch of Frosting Essential Oil you've made! Rub some of this on you to get more in touch with your Cryo side...
Timaeus: But guess what happens if you swap out the lizard tail and use crystal core instead?
Timaeus: Boom! You got yourself a Frostshield Potion, which protects you against the harmful effects of too much playing in the snow, amongst other things!
Timaeus: Amazing, isn't it? The very same mist flower corolla can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
Timaeus: Here's a Frostshield Potion for you. Now, go and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!

### Talk 56 related talk 6

Timaeus: Yes, it's ready.
Timaeus: That sure smells like Flaming Essential Oil alright! And you can really feel the heat too.
Timaeus: Did you know that there is a similar recipe using butterfly wings instead of a frog?
Timaeus: Voilà! You have yourself a Heatshield Potion. If you're ever rescuing a baby from a burning building, this little thing will make sure you don't even break a sweat.
Timaeus: Amazing, isn't it? The very same flaming flower stamen can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
Timaeus: Take this Heatshield Potion and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!

### Talk 56 related talk 7

Timaeus: (Test) I've got all the ingredients.
Timaeus: (Test) Excellent! Now, let's add a few of these, a touch of this, mix it all up... and I have no idea what will happen.
Timaeus: (Test) Aha, it's finished! Take it, see if you can find out what it does. I have no idea — but that's the exciting thing about alchemy!

### Talk 56 related talk 8

Timaeus: (Test) I've got all the ingredients.
Timaeus: (Test) Excellent! Now, let's add a few of these, a touch of this, mix it all up... and I have no idea what will happen.
Timaeus: (Test) Aha, it's finished! Take it, see if you can find out what it does. I have no idea — but that's the exciting thing about alchemy!

### Talk 56 related talk 9

Timaeus: (Test) I've got all the ingredients.
Timaeus: (Test) Excellent! Now, let's add a few of these, a touch of this, mix it all up... and I have no idea what will happen.
Timaeus: (Test) Aha, it's finished! Take it, see if you can find out what it does. I have no idea — but that's the exciting thing about alchemy!

### Talk 56 related talk 10

Traveler: I'd like to use the Crafting Bench.
Timaeus: Sure, please go ahead.

### Talk 56 related talk 11

Traveler: Adventure Challenge

### Talk 56 related talk 12

Traveler: Who are you?
Timaeus: I am Timaeus, an alchemy scholar. You may not have heard my name before...
Timaeus: But I bet you'll have heard the names Albedo and Sucrose before.
Timaeus: Albedo is nothing short of a genius in the field of alchemy. And his assistant, Sucrose, is extremely talented for her age.
Timaeus: I'm a total amateur compared to them.
Traveler: About Albedo...
Timaeus: Albedo is an alchemy prodigy. A lot of people call him the Kreideprinz. He's the top alchemical talent in Mondstadt.
Timaeus: They say he's an outlander who just showed up in Mondstadt one day and was instantly taken on as Chief Alchemist by the Knights of Favonius. He's also Captain of the Investigation Team.
Timaeus: His alchemical theory is refreshingly unbridled in comparison to conventional theories. In practice it all works out too.
Timaeus: In his eyes, my work must seem like child's play... *sigh*
Traveler: About Sucrose...
Timaeus: Sucrose is Albedo's only assistant. She's so lucky to have gained Albedo's appreciation.
Timaeus: As a born and bred child of Mondstadt, we should all be proud of Sucrose's contributions to alchemy.
Timaeus: But her research and interests are a little... antiquated, to the point that they rarely render any practical application.
Timaeus: *sigh* If I had access to such a plethora of resources, who knows what I could accomplish.

### Talk 56 related talk 13

Traveler: Alchemy?
Timaeus: Alchemy is a craft that has been passed down since ancient times, but it is barely understood in the present.
Timaeus: Its mechanisms are magical and mysterious, completely unlike the principles that shape our understanding of the physical world.
Timaeus: If I can get the hang of it, I should be able to create some pretty awesome stuff, and contribute to our knowledge of ancient civilization.

### Talk 56 related talk 14

Traveler: Goodbye.
Timaeus: Bye then, I'll carry on with my research.

### Talk 56 related talk 15

Timaeus: Missing text (42326227)

### Talk 56 related talk 16

Timaeus: Missing text (4286547027)

## Talk 57

Traveler: (Leave them alone.)

## Talk 58

Plauen: What do you think? Care to have a game of Floral Chess?
Traveler: I'll give it a go.
Traveler: Tell me a bit more about Floral Chess.
Plauen: The adventurer who designed this game said that his inspiration came from the billowing petals and the wind that pursues them...
Plauen: And the game is meant to imitate the... romanticism of pursuing these flower petals...
Plauen: From a player's perspective, though, I'd say it's more like being chased around by some balloons with flower petals and paper strips stuffed in them...
Plauen: The experience isn't bad, don't get me wrong, but where's the romanticism...?
Traveler: See you around.
Plauen: Yeah, see you. If you wanna give this a try, just come over and give me a shout.

## Talk 59

Plauen: Is this game really that romantic? I don't feel it at all...
Plauen: Or maybe I just utterly lack artistic talent... or something...

## Talk 60

Lizzie: Would you like to play a song? As long as you do your best to keep up with the rhythm and beat, you'll be able to strum up a storm with ease.
Lizzie: Focus only on the wind around you and the lovely song you wish to play, and all your troubles will surely fade away.
Traveler: I'll give it a go now.
Lizzie: No problem. The scores are over here and ready for your perusal.
Traveler: I've got something else to do right now...
Lizzie: Oh, that's fine... You're welcome back any time, though!

## Talk 61

Lizzie: Ah, I hope this event will go smoothly this time too...
Traveler: What are you working on?
Lizzie: I'm preparing to welcome guests here. We've got all sorts of fun activities lined up for the Windblume Festival.
Lizzie: But some of the events are being held outside the city due to the large areas needed, so without a guide to tell people where things are happening, some of them are going to miss out!
Lizzie: That's why I've been stationed here and put in charge of introducing the festival's activities to everyone.
Traveler: Well, tell me all about it.
Lizzie: There are three events taking place during the festival: "Ballads of Breeze," "Floral Pursuit," and "Breezy Snapshots."
Lizzie: The activity I'm in charge of, specifically, is "Ballads of Breeze." The other two representatives should also be at their stations and making some final preparations.
Lizzie: Everyone's pretty excited, so here's to the smooth running of this year's Windblume Festival.
Lizzie: May you have a happy time as well!
Traveler: What activities have we got lined up?

## Talk 62

Fassben: The photo-taking is in your capable hands, Traveler!
Fassben: If we can call this a job well done, Cyrus should be more inclined to approve our request to set up a Kamera Club.
Fassben: And as long as we can set it up, we should be able to attract more Kamera enthusiasts and further refine the art of taking pictures!
Fassben: Perhaps we might even be able to invite hobbyists from other nations...
Fassben: W—Well, would you look at that? I'm getting rather ahead of myself, aren't I? Focus, man, focus — focus on the work at hand.

## Talk 63

Fassben: My Kamera's in pretty good shape.
Fassben: C'mon, Fassben, you can do this — think about the Kamera Club!