# Talk Group: ActivityGroup - 2019

## Talk 0

Baizhu: The Lantern Rite celebrations are getting better by the year. Such wonderful music...
Qiqi: Dr. Baizhu, I've brought the herbs. Who are they for?
Baizhu: The singers.
Baizhu: Performing at a music festival is very demanding. Using these herbs in good time will protect their voices from damage.
Qiqi: Oh... that's why you were preparing them all night.
Baizhu: Hehe, I dared not neglect the Yuheng's request. Her messenger was quite insistent that it should take top priority.
Baizhu: Let me double-check again... This one is for...

## Talk 1

Yanfei: Granny, you play so beautifully! Do you think you could teach me?
Madame Ping: Oh, child, you simply never stop, do you?
Madame Ping: This festival is a rare chance to rest and relax, but here you are pestering me to teach you this, that, and the other...
Yanfei: Don't worry, Granny, I'm a fast learner!
Yanfei: And anyway, the sooner I start learning, the sooner we'll be able to perform a duet together.
Yanfei: A musical duo is only as good as its weakest link, so you gotta teach me all your secrets, okay?
Madame Ping: Alright, alright... Well, you can start by making me some more tea, and leaving it to cool on the side.
Yanfei: Sure, Granny!

## Talk 2

Xinyan: Okay, now I need to get a move on and write my next song!
Yun Jin: Listen to you, you only just fulfilled one lifetime dream. Are you really thinking about your next goal already?
Xinyan: Don't try to tell me you ain't the same way. I bet you've already thought up a name for your next opera, haven't ya?
Yun Jin: Hehe... You know me too well, Xinyan.
Yun Jin: "The Adeptus-Seeking Voyage"... How does that sound?
Xinyan: Aw, man! Yeah, I can already picture it!
Yun Jin: I've also got just the finishing line for it! I will close with: "And the celestial melody echoed through the clouds forevermore."

## Talk 3

Dvorak: Magnificent... Absolutely magnificent...
Traveler: You mean, the show?
Dvorak: Yes... When I heard the music coming from up in the clouds, I was so stunned, I could barely think or move.
Dvorak: I felt like it had a special kind of hold over me... Hmm, or maybe it was the adeptal power within the music?
Dvorak: And the ensemble at the end was truly sublime! I felt like I would have started to cry if I hadn't been one of the performers on the stage.
Traveler: What are your plans for the future?
Dvorak: Well, Lady Ningguang, the Tianquan of the Liyue Qixing, has invited me to visit her again at Yujing Terrace to discuss a long-term collaboration plan.
Dvorak: I do hope everything goes well, and that we have more opportunities to collaborate in the future.
Dvorak: The next time we have another performance, you'll have to come! I will save the best seat for you.
Traveler: About the "fairy lady"...
Dvorak: Haha... I have already given her my thanks in person.
Dvorak: This is what she said: "It is only natural to lend a hand when we see someone in distress. The wonderful music you brought to Liyue is worth far more than gratitude."
Dvorak: Truly, I felt so honored...
Dvorak: But I've also made a decision for myself: I will strive to create even more wonderful, original music for this era... our era!
Traveler: See ya.
Dvorak: #We couldn't have accomplished all of this without you, Traveler. Please accept my most heartfelt thanks again!

## Talk 4

Yaoyao: I'm so happy! And all the grandmas and grandpas in Qingce Village had a great time, too.
Traveler: Why Qingce Village?
Yaoyao: You mean... what am I doing here? Well, just now, I did a performance for everyone!
Yaoyao: Although I can't play an instrument anywhere near as well as Master, I can still sing.
Yaoyao: Even Granny Ruoxin said I did a great job. She also gave me some candies, hee-hee!
Traveler: About your Master...
Yaoyao: Master's told me a lot of stories about the adepti!
Yaoyao: There was Skybracer with the giant deer horns, and Sea Gazer who loved to collect treasure...
Yaoyao: Sometimes, Master talks and talks for a long time, until her voice starts to sound sad. But then she always breaks into a smile again, and tells me all of the things each of them loved best about Liyue...
Yaoyao: I love everything about Liyue!
Yaoyao: Some of the adepti are gone now, but it's okay, because I'm gonna help take care of everyone in their stead!
Traveler: About Dvorak...
Yaoyao: I'm happy that Mr. Dvorak found the fairy lady from his story. And I'm also happy that it turned out it was Master all along.
Yaoyao: Also, I helped out this time too, didn't I? So that means I was... paying "ho-ma-ge" to my master?
Yaoyao: Oh, oh, also, Mr. Dvorak got one of his friends to bring me a toy from Fontaine! I like it a lot!
Yaoyao: At first... I didn't know whether I was supposed to accept it or not... But then Master said it was okay, so I did!
Traveler: See you.
Yaoyao: See you! Make sure you take good care of Paimon!
Yaoyao: Oh, and please come play with me if you ever have the time!

## Talk 5

Zhaoqin: People in our line of work get real busy during the holidays.
Zhaoqin: My mom is going to nag my ear off when I get home.
Zhaoqin: Maybe I should buy some gifts to bring back... Eh, no. It's not going to work. Dad's going to accuse me of being wasteful with Mora...
Zhaoqin: Agh, what a headache.

## Talk 6

Huixing: Sea conditions are consistent and there are no other vessels in target waters... Hmmm... very suitable for kicking off "Vigilance at Sea"!
Traveler: Start "Vigilance at Sea."
Huixing: Okay! Be sure to give it your all!
Traveler: About the difficulty of "Vigilance at Sea"...
Huixing: I would like to ask you guys: how did you guys find the challenge?
Paimon: #Paimon thought it wasn't too hard. This kind of test is a piece of cake for Paimon and Traveler!
Huixing: Well, considering how formidable you two are, this sounds about right.
Huixing: Thanks for your feedback. Now I know a little more! I'm going to have to think a little bit more about how to adjust the difficulty curve for both challenge and pass rate...
Traveler: About the nine certificates...
Huixing: The four major certificates and the five minor certificates? Simple.
Huixing: The four major certificates consist of the "Fit for Sailing Certificate," the "Ship Maintenance Aptitude Certificate," the "Power Maintenance Aptitude Certificate," and the "Survivability at Sea Certificate."
Huixing: The five minor certificates consist of the "Basic Safety Certificate," the "Lifeboat Certificate," the "Fire Safety Certificate," the "First Aid Certificate," and the "Monster-Precaution Certificate."
Huixing: With all these certificates, a sailor is equipped to solve most of the problems of navigation.
Huixing: Although the crew may not understand the principle of each request, they just need to remember the main points of the task and follow the instructions.
Paimon: This doesn't sound simple at all!
Traveler: And we still haven't gotten into the details yet...
Huixing: No worries! With your talent, you can sail smoothly without having to bother with all the technical details!
Traveler: I should consult Beidou when I have the chance...
Huixing: Okay! The Captain is a bit of a straight shooter. You'll probably become experts after asking her!
Traveler: I need some time to prepare.
Huixing: I understand! You guys are measured and careful, so you guys might need some more time. I trust you guys!

## Talk 7

Tiantian: You're back, esteemed ones! How was the racing challenge?
Traveler: Firework-flying Paimon, reporting!
Paimon: Yeah! We had a good time, and we feel great!
Tiantian: A good time? That's good to hear! I would try it myself if I was stronger.
Paimon: Maybe you should keep training, Tiantian! A strong recruiter is sure to bring more people in!
Traveler: The gunpowder gave Paimon a boost!
Paimon: Yeah! We set a record for the fastest time, and none of the other participants could catch up with us!
Tiantian: Ah, I'm starting to get excited myself! Maybe I could outdo you as the creator of this event?
Paimon: Hehehe, that won't be easy. Maybe if you actually design a gunpowder-propelled backpack, maybe you might have a chance!
Traveler: We want to try it again. Goodbye!
Tiantian: Bye! I'll be here awaiting your feedback!

## Talk 8

Yinggong: So, are you guys ready?
Traveler: Yes.
Yinggong: Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I present to you — Homeward, Bravebeard!
Traveler: I'm not ready yet.
Yinggong: Don't worry. It's only natural to be a bit nervous.

## Talk 9

Hesheng: I've seen Bravebeard so many times, to the point where I can memorize every line!
Hesheng: But don't worry. I won't spoil the story. I'm way better than that.

## Talk 10

Qingxing: Why is the Bravebeard so formidable? I wish I could be as strong as him.

## Talk 11

Yinggong: Back so soon after the performance? Maybe you want to give it another go?
Traveler: I want to see it again.
Yinggong: Haha, it seems you really enjoy this. Let's do an extra performance then.
Traveler: About the Yun-Han Opera Troupe...
Yinggong: No special performance has been planned for this year's Lantern Rite. After all, we've already performed for many years' Lantern Rite in succession. So this year, we can finally have a good rest.
Yinggong: That said, I started getting a little restless and decided to put on a paper play for the kids, haha.
Traveler: See you.
Yinggong: Goodbye for now. When we meet again, I shall show you the costumes and props I've made.

## Talk 12

Zhongli: The vegetables are fresh, and there are enough wheats and grains stocked up... I'll pass on the seafood.
Zhongli: Oh, it's you. We meet again.
Zhongli: Surprised to see me here?
Zhongli: It's the director's orders. Xiangling worked all day and night at the restaurant during the festival and didn't get to have any time to enjoy the festivities. The director sent me here to help out in the kitchen so that Xiangling will have some time to herself.
Zhongli: But with someone as hardworking as you around, there seems to be nothing much for me to do...
Guoba: ♪~
Zhongli: It feels good seeing my old friend in the kitchen fetching ingredients and lighting fires.
Zhongli: Perhaps I should borrow Cloud Retainer's supreme cuisine machine to speed things up...
Guoba: !
Zhongli: ...You'd still prefer to make them by hand? But of course.

## Talk 13

Venti: This is such a cool ship!
Venti: Facing the sea breeze and gazing out at the soaring seagulls... Ah, makes me wanna sing out loud!
Venti: Kazuha, how about I stay here and be the ship's resident bard? What are my prospects?
Kaedehara Kazuha: With your level of artistic finesse, I'm sure nothing will go wrong.
Kaedehara Kazuha: But I'm afraid the sailors aboard are not the most versed in the arts. They probably wouldn't understand the deeper meaning your poetry holds.
Venti: Haha, you can't say that for sure! Poetry is spur-of-the-moment creations. Anyone viewing the same sights and experiencing the same atmosphere would surely understand.
Venti: *sigh* There's a port in Mondstadt too, but I rarely get the chance to board any of the ships.
Venti: Speaking of ships, everything's perfect about this one, except...
Kaedehara Kazuha: Hmm?
Venti: Um, Kazuha...
Venti: Could you tell your Captain that my height says nothing of my age? I'm way past drinking age.
Venti: How often does one get to enjoy a seafood feast on a ship? It'll be a real shame if there isn't anything stronger to enhance the food! Pretty please?
Kaedehara Kazuha: There's... not much I can do about that.
Kaedehara Kazuha: It's not because Captain Beidou's not on the ship right now, but because there's no room for negotiation on this matter.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Even I have to sit in the no-drinking zone every time.
Venti: *whimper* But I don't get drunk after just a few sips... Trust me, I can hold my liquor really well!

## Talk 14

Beidou: Hey, don't tell me you called me over just for a game of chess.
Ningguang: You have to be more specific, Captain Beidou.
Ningguang: Is it that you find playing chess an uninteresting activity, or that you're unhappy about my lack of novel ideas?
Ningguang: If you don't specify what you mean, how could I know what I should do to please you?
Beidou: Heh, of course...
Beidou: I make a single remark and you reply with a full-blown lecture.
Beidou: Maybe we should deal with all official affairs publicly in the future. Might just make things easier.
Ningguang: I'd be perfectly happy with that — I'm just worried that Captain Beidou's business might be negatively affected.
Beidou: Don't give me that.
Beidou: That woman from Yanshang Teahouse sometimes comes aboard to ask for information. She requested the fleet to import some goods, but how could I not know who she's actually working for?
Ningguang: Oh? You sure know a lot, Captain Beidou.
Ningguang: How about I ask her to come over? Or maybe we go straight to her Teahouse?
Ningguang: With one more person around, we'll be able to have some variety in our chess games. I hope that that would be less of a bore to you.
Beidou: Tsk, so we're still going to play chess after all!

## Talk 15

Hu Tao: Hehe, Xingqiu, you have to be honest.
Xingqiu: Hm? Honest about what?
Hu Tao: How did you and Venti really meet?
Xingqiu: Wh—Why are you suddenly asking that...
Xiangling: Eh? Aren't they book buddies?
Xingqiu: Yeah! We met a few times at a book convention, that's all...
Hu Tao: Ohh? Really?
Hu Tao: With that extraordinary demeanor and literary talent, he's definitely not just any bard.
Hu Tao: If he's someone that could hold his ground in a conversation with the consultant, he needs to at least be as talented as me!
Xingqiu: Um, perhaps you're overthinking this matter...
Hu Tao: Ah...
Xiangling: Hu Tao, Xingqiu wouldn't lie to us...
Xingqiu: *sigh* Okay, I'll tell you the truth.
Xiangling: Huh!?
Chongyun: Xingqiu...!
Xingqiu: I'm actually a fan of Venti's poetry.
Xingqiu: You all know that I love reading, and sometimes come across poetry from Mondstadt.
Xingqiu: Among those works, I admire the ones penned by Venti the most. Just as Hu Tao said, his artistry is the reflection of his personality — remarkable grace and exceptional literary talent.
Xingqiu: I guess Venti didn't tell you the whole truth back at the restaurant because he didn't want to embarrass me in front of everyone... He's such a considerate person.
Chongyun: ...Yes, right. I can confirm that.
Chongyun: When Xingqiu was busy with other things, he asked me to buy him poetry books in secret.
Xiangling: I see...
Xiangling: That didn't sound like too much of a big deal. You could've told us right away.
Xingqiu: Well, I'm telling you now, aren't I?
Hu Tao: Oh... So that's your story...
Hu Tao: ...Ah, forget it. Let's drop this topic.
Hu Tao: It's not often that the four of us are all together. What should we do next? Hide-and-seek, hopscotch, or some shopping?
Chongyun: Since there's four of us... Why don't we borrow a mahjong set?

## Talk 16

Xiao: Yanxiao just came up here with some Almond Tofu, but... I haven't finished everything Xiangling gave me yet...
Xiao: You should try some too. I'm not as experienced in tasting mortal food as you, and I couldn't tell the difference.
Xiao: ...There must be many different stories to tell of the hustle and bustle of the mortal world, too. You can tell me. I will listen.

## Talk 17

Musheng: Heh, doubtless, the city is more festive.
Musheng: The heroes we commemorate during Lantern Rite are actually adepti who lived in Liyue in the distant past.
Musheng: Do you know which adeptus the Mingxiao Lantern commemorates this year?
Musheng: I asked around for information, and a gentleman who looked very knowledgeable told me that the adeptus' name is Sea Gazer.
Musheng: He is said to be a collector of exotic treasures. I'm sure an adeptus like him will bless everyone with wealth and prosperity.

### Talk 17 related talk 0

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Musheng: How could a divinity like Rex Lapis die? Even though I witnessed it myself, I can't believe it.
Musheng: He must've just moved back to Celestia. I mean, many of his old adepti pals are still there, right?
Musheng: As for Liyue, I'm sure he's made thorough arrangements... Why, you ask?
Musheng: Well, I've lived in my hometown for several decades now, and I sure did miss home a few times while I was here for the Rite...
Musheng: Rex Lapis has been with us for thousands of years... I'm sure he'll miss us, too.

### Talk 17 related talk 1

Traveler: Who are you?
Musheng: I live in the countryside. I visit the city once a year at this time to burn incense as an offering to the Geo Lord.
Musheng: Everyone in Liyue is into things that bring good luck. I'm no different.
Musheng: Were it not for the Geo Lord's power, Liyue would not be as prosperous as it is today. That is why I come here every year to pay my respects at this temple, no matter how long the journey is and no matter what other pressing business there is to attend to.
Musheng: As the saying goes, "None shall learn what the immortals have in store for them until he first does that which is within his power as a mortal."
Traveler: About Rex Lapis' protection...
Musheng: Huh. Judging from your tone, you're not a believer, are you?
Musheng: Well, just a short while back, I was set upon by bandits on the road to Liyue Harbor. It was only by the intervention of a young hero named "Xingqiu of the Guhua Clan" that I was saved.
Musheng: This must have been the protection of Rex Lapis! He must have known that I was coming to offer incense, and thus stepped in to rescue me!
Musheng: Were it not for Rex Lapis' divine arrangement, how could a long-lost clan like Guhua suddenly return out of nowhere?
Musheng: However you want to put it, I thank Rex Lapis. I shall also offer incense on behalf of that young hero of the Guhua Clan. I will pray for his fortune and safety, as repayment for his deeds.

### Talk 17 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Musheng: I will stay around in the city a bit longer. It will be more effective if I let the scent of incense permeate every inch of me...

## Talk 18

Hongyu: Things feel more or less the same, year after year...
Hongyu: Not that it's a bad thing. Though nothing particularly good happened, there was nothing bad either.
Hongyu: I hope next year will go smoothly as usual.

### Talk 18 related talk 0

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Hongyu: I was there at the Rite of Descension too. The Qixing had ordered us to maintain absolute secrecy regarding the matter at the time.
Hongyu: But now that the Rite of Parting is finished, everyone is aware of the situation. There's no need for us Millelith to keep silent about it any longer...
Hongyu: But even so... I'm sorry, I still can't bring myself to discuss this topic any further.
Hongyu: Rex Lapis... *sigh*

### Talk 18 related talk 1

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Hongyu: Whoa, come on now. When I said we could chat, I didn't mean sensitive topics like that. That's off limits.
Hongyu: Take it from me, no self-respecting Liyue local is gonna want to broach that topic lightly.
Hongyu: ...Ahem, I must stay at my post. If there's nothing else you need, please leave me be.

### Talk 18 related talk 2

Traveler: Who are you?
Hongyu: We're the Millelith guards for this area. I'm Hongyu, and that's Kun.
Hongyu: Liyue Harbor's a pretty safe place. I've not seen any big trouble the whole time I've been in uniform. Maybe you get a few more pickpockets and petty thieves around Chihu Rock, but that's about it.
Hongyu: Hey, have you heard about Lantern Rite?
Hongyu: It's a festival people in Liyue celebrate. Takes place on the night of the first full moon every year. It's the biggest festival of the whole year, too.
Hongyu: On the night of the festival, the whole city lights lanterns all night long. It makes the place as bright as day.
Hongyu: Also, we have a special floating lantern too. Unique to Liyue. It's quite a sight to behold, and you won't find anything like it elsewhere.
Hongyu: Anyway, just thought if you're new in town, it's something you definitely wouldn't want to miss!

### Talk 18 related talk 3

Traveler: Anything interesting happening around here?
Hongyu: No, I wouldn't say that anything interesting has happened. But I did encounter something weird recently...
Hongyu: There was something not quite right about my house. If it wasn't a bowl or chopsticks moving all of a sudden, then it was a chair suddenly falling over.
Hongyu: After talking things through with a friend, he introduced me to an exorcist named Chongyun. They say that he's a specialist in these bump-in-the-night matters.
Hongyu: But the instant that exorcist walked into the room, all the strange happenings stopped right away! He didn't even have to work any thaumaturgy!
Hongyu: It truly is weird. I still have no idea how that might have happened...

### Talk 18 related talk 4

Traveler: Sorry, I have things to do.
Hongyu: *sigh* Okay then. Shame, don't get this sort of freedom very often.

## Talk 19

Ying'er: Oh my, if it isn't my old acquaintance. Did you come all this way during Lantern Rite just to see me?
Ying'er: It's been a while, but you still look as lovely as ever.
Ying'er: Ah, it's the Lantern Rite, but I don't really have much time to spare. Can't help it when the shop's so popular, you know? Otherwise...
Ying'er: ...Hehe, anyway, why don't you feast your eyes on what we've got in store? Who knows, you might chance upon some extra benefits.
Ying'er: I mean, I'm just a slap of lipstick and a dab of makeup compared to those beauties.

### Talk 19 related talk 0

Traveler: Wait, is this a...
Ying'er: Of course! As you would expect. The real deal.
Ying'er: You didn't know? They let us open our own little hideaways, nothing to worry about.
Ying'er: Just imagine, the warmth of their bodies, the smoothness of their curves under your hands...
Ying'er: Pretty as they are, you can't have them out and about, it's not appropriate. I have to get them baked for twelve hours before I can even open shop...
Traveler: Wait, did you just say "baked"?
Ying'er: Of course! I mean, not as intensely as those other places, but once I've got them ready, they're just as good as anywhere else.
Ying'er: All our very best are as I described; full and elegant bodies, thinner up top, but curvaceous further down. It's what everybody is asking for these days...
Ying'er: The clients that I have come and pick their favorite and then off they go! They're always so glowing and satisfied when they're done.

### Talk 19 related talk 1

Traveler: Oh, ahh, I'll... I'll pass.
Ying'er: Oh come now, why so stuffy? No one likes someone who can't appreciate and enjoy true beauty!

## Talk 20

Chen the Sharp: Hey there, are you here to sight-see and have some fun? If you're hungry, wanna grab a couple of freshly-grilled Tiger Fish?
Chen the Sharp: Even the adepti love it! Get it while it's hot!

### Talk 20 related talk 0

Traveler: I'd like to buy a snack.
Chen the Sharp: Sure thing! Fresh and piping hot, coming right up. Mind you don't burn your tongue!

### Talk 20 related talk 1

Traveler: How're the fish selling?
Chen the Sharp: Only about 1,800 sold. I'm proud to say my tiger fish is the most authentic in all of Liyue.
Chen the Sharp: I mean, at least half the city's barbeque fish is sourced from here, so if mine's no good, then nobody's is. Haha.
Chen the Sharp: As for how I can sell this much? Well that comes down to my Guhua bladework — descaling, gutting — a few quick swipes and it's all over.
Chen the Sharp: Yup, I'm from the Guhua Clan. Ten years training in seclusion. First thing I ate when I got out was this fish...
Chen the Sharp: Some say it's a waste of my talents being here, but can't say I agree.
Chen the Sharp: Our founder taught that the noblest martial virtue is to pursue that which benefits other people. I figure that as long as I do a good job, surely using my skills to fillet fish is something I can be proud of?

### Talk 20 related talk 2

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Chen the Sharp: Oh, I still can't believe it.
Chen the Sharp: Can't believe he went out like that. If my father and grandfather were still alive, I have no idea what it'd do to them.
Chen the Sharp: Sadly, as far as my children and their children will be concerned, the legacy of Rex Lapis will live on only in stories...

### Talk 20 related talk 3

Traveler: See you later.
Chen the Sharp: Be sure to come again! I'll always be here.

## Talk 21

Hammer Li: Festivals, eh? Well, it's nice and all. The lights are pretty, and things are livelier than usual.
Hammer Li: But you know, it's not like it's got all that much to do with me...

### Talk 21 related talk 0

Traveler: You are...?
Hammer Li: ...Me? You asking who I am? I'm just a strong pair of arms. The name's Hammer Li.
Hammer Li: I picked that nickname myself. Apparently, all I'm good for is bashing my hammer all day long.
Hammer Li: *sigh* I wish one day the gods would smile on me and give me a Vision...
Traveler: Tell me about your work.
Hammer Li: My work? It's not bad. Not much to say; I hammer this, I hammer that, occasionally that old fart Manager Xiao comes and gives me an earful...
Hammer Li: Anyway, I'm not getting any younger, and this job isn't gonna help me start a family, or buy a boat or house of my own, no matter how long I do it for. So I don't have any big hopes for the future.
Traveler: Vision?
Hammer Li: What about them? You're interested in them too?
Hammer Li: I've heard that as long as you want something badly enough, a Vision will appear right beside you, ready to do your bidding.
Hammer Li: Wouldn't that be incredible? As for me... I just want a Vision, plain and simple. I've dreamed of having one every day since I was a little boy, but so far I've had no luck.
Hammer Li: If I had a Vision, I could be like those legendary martial nomads who command the wind and rain and cast lightning.
Hammer Li: *sigh* Where are you, my Vision? I've waited my whole youth for you...

### Talk 21 related talk 1

Traveler: So, about Rex Lapis...
Hammer Li: What is there to be said? I was there at the Rite of Descension too. That scared the wits out of me...
Hammer Li: I honestly thought that it was over for us, that the sky was going to fall on our heads.
Hammer Li: But watching everyone go about their daily lives and have hope for the future anyway... I feel like I should reflect a little myself.
Hammer Li: If you look at things optimistically, Rex Lapis can't really have left us, wouldn't you say?

### Talk 21 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye. Chin up.
Hammer Li: *sigh* Thank you... Goodbye.

## Talk 22

Atsuko: Hello, hello... Uh, I mean...
Atsuko: Ahem. Happy Lantern Rite! May you stay healthy and hale, and may all go well with you!
Atsuko: Haha, I guess I've finally gotten used to the festive greetings that locals give one another...

### Talk 22 related talk 0

Traveler: You are...?
Atsuko: Haha, I'm so sorry, my name is Atsuko, it's lovely to meet you.
Atsuko: I've never seen this many outlanders before back in Inazuma.

### Talk 22 related talk 1

Traveler: Hi there! You don't seem to be from around here either.
Atsuko: That's right, I'm from Inazuma. It's been a long road getting here.
Atsuko: Facing the crashing waves before me, whilst trying to escape the forces behind me... My raft sank, my money got swept away by the sea...
Atsuko: Was a good thing the locals helped me, otherwise I wouldn't be standing here today. I've decided I want to get a job on a boat and travel all around the world.

### Talk 22 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Atsuko: Okay, stay safe!

## Talk 23

Linlang: Hi, I'm Linlang. I run an antiques shop called Xigu Antiques... How may I help you?

### Talk 23 related talk 0

Traveler: About the Lantern Rite music festival...
Linlang: There's usually a familiar sense of nostalgia in the air during the Lantern Rite, and it complements my store perfectly.
Linlang: This year's Lantern Rite music festival, however, has brought along some new ideas.
Linlang: People may become interested in music-related antiques, so I should probably read up on related legends too...
Linlang: After all, every ancient object that has weathered the ages has a fascinating story to tell.

### Talk 23 related talk 1

Traveler: I've got some treasure I want to sell.
Linlang: Oh, what rare objects have you found this time? Let me have a look.
Black Screen Text: You tell Linlang about the Dragonbone Orb.
Linlang: If what you see is true, this is a truly amazing relic.
Linlang: But from a cursory examination, I can't find anything evidently special about it. Perhaps it requires extensive use to show its qualities...
Linlang: The way I see it, it does seem that the wondrous properties you ascribe to it might be a tad... exaggerated. Perhaps it was simply something entrusted to you by those who had failed in their task.
Linlang: Don't take it to heart, though. I'm just saying what's coming to my mind.
Linlang: This is quite the common occurrence in our line of work, anyway.
Linlang: Also, I believe that you did not keep this in sealed storage — it does seem like there is some wear and tear on its surface already.
Linlang: I'm afraid that there will be some price reduction on that front, too.
Linlang: How does 80,000 Mora sound? I can add 5 Bountiful Years on as specialty dishes as well.
Linlang: I believe that this is a good price.
Traveler: ...What will you use it for?
Linlang: To be honest, I would consider the story behind it more valuable than its capabilities.
Linlang: I suspect that this might be of much interest to our storytellers and opera troupes, or perhaps the great men and women of Yujing Terrace.
Linlang: It would be quite the ancient showpiece of a relic even if I were to simply mount it on our shop counter.
Traveler: A fair price. Done.
Linlang: My, that's quite forward of you. Well then, here's you Mora.
Linlang: If you should find any other such treasures, we are always awaiting your patronage.
Traveler: Let me think about it a bit more.
Linlang: No problem. After all, you should always check the goods — I mean, the prices — when you're planning to sell precious relics.
Linlang: You can come to me again once you've mulled the matter over.

### Talk 23 related talk 2

Traveler: About the Dragonbone Orb...
Linlang: Oh, have you considered your options?
Linlang: I'll take that item for 80,000 Mora and 5 Bountiful Years.
Traveler: It's yours.
Linlang: Thank you for your patronage. Here's your Mora.
Linlang: If you should find any other such treasures, we are always awaiting your patronage.
Traveler: Let me think about it one more time.
Linlang: No problem. After all, you should always check the prices on the market when you're planning to sell precious relics.
Linlang: You can come to me again once you've mulled the matter over.

### Talk 23 related talk 3

Linlang: Regarding the Nameless Treasure...
Linlang: This thing you've brought... It looks pretty good. This pattern also seems quite old indeed. Hold on while I open it.
Linlang: There are some defects here and there, but if you're eager to have it taken off your hands, I can offer you a price. It'll be fair, but it won't be high.
Linlang: I just had a look at this one. These markings are definitely those of Liyue, and you can see inscribed here an anecdote about Azhdaha.
Linlang: They say that Azhdaha was a dragon spawned by a convergence of the spirits of Geo in Liyue, and that even Rex Lapis could not easily subdue it.
Linlang: Rex Lapis thus summoned three adepti to his aid, and together they created a cavernous realm.
Linlang: Rex Lapis then battled the creature, luring it into the realm, before ordering the adepti to seal the entrance, trapping Azhdaha within.
Linlang: The patterns on the thing you brought seem to describe the three adepti joining hands to create the cavernous realm.
Linlang: I guess that there should at least be three relics of this kind. Combining all three should give us the complete item.
Traveler: You know all this...
Linlang: Well, I do trade in items of all kinds. A little general knowledge here and there couldn't hurt.
Linlang: Ah, but I digress. As I said earlier, there should be three of this item. One of them alone is likely not going to fetch a high price.
Linlang: But if you could gather all three, that would be a different story. But this looks to be quite ancient. Gathering all three might be too tall a task...
Traveler: Liyue truly is a mystical place...
Linlang: Now this I'm not certain of, but a senior of mine once told me that Liyue is too large, and its history is, similarly, far too long.
Linlang: Don't be surprised if you find strange relics in Liyue. What we know of Liyue's lengthy history is but a single drop in the wide ocean.

### Talk 23 related talk 4

Traveler: Regarding the Nameless Treasure...
Linlang: If my guess isn't off, the object you brought previously is one of three.
Linlang: It will only be complete once all three objects are gathered together.
Linlang: If you could find them all, I would be more than willing to make you a generous offer.
Linlang: I fear that they may be from too ancient a time, however, and that gathering them... could be difficult.

### Talk 23 related talk 5

Traveler: Regarding that ring...
Linlang: Oh, you've considered the matter? Will you sell or not, then?

### Talk 23 related talk 6

Traveler: Could you help us look at this antique?
Linlang: An antique? Well, you've come to the right person. I'd say that I'm the fairest at valuating such things in all of Liyue. Let's see it.
Linlang: Hmm, both the gemstone and the band are of fine quality, and it is very ancient... Yet it is very well-preserved — highly unusual.
Linlang: Still, I can't say I've ever heard the phrase "Disaster runs rampant throughout the world , and all who live do so in agony."
Linlang: Never mind that. Where did you find this ring?
Traveler: In a ruin near Cuijue Slope.
Linlang: You... You're a fair hand at this, aren't you? Not many dare to go there to hunt for treasure.
Linlang: Were those ruins surrounded by nine pillars, with a stone tablet in the center, by any chance?
Linlang: Don't look so surprised. I've heard many people who come to do business with me mention that place. They always say that such a large formation must have some sort of treasure within.
Linlang: They even say that those pillars and that ruin were built by Liyue's forebears in order to quell conflict...
Linlang: But I suppose that's just a legend. After all, if nine stone pillars could quell strife, this world would have been at peace long ago.
Linlang: But regardless of whether this legend is true or not, this ring was found in that ruin, and has to be related to that legend.
Linlang: It's got a name, a history to go with it, and it's of good quality, too. It'll fetch a fine price.
Linlang: ...Relax, I'm not going to ask how you got in there. I just do business. Other matters are none of my concern.
Linlang: All in all, I'd say this ring's worth *200,000 Mora*. What do you say?

### Talk 23 related talk 7

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Linlang: Impressive, wasn't it? Even in death, the gods pass in glory, unlike the surreptitious departure of mortals... I'm glad I was able to witness an event of such magnificence.
Linlang: It's just a shame that I couldn't have met him, or talked to him about my dreams...
Linlang: Ah, what I am saying? Sorry about that.

### Talk 23 related talk 8

Traveler: You are...?
Linlang: I am Linlang, the owner of Xigu Antiques.
Linlang: I'm very sorry, but the shop is not open yet. If you want to browse the shop, please find me at Xigu Antiques later.
Traveler: Tell me about Xigu Antiques.
Linlang: A fellow antique collector, are you?
Linlang: In that case, I do hope you will come to the store tonight.
Linlang: Right now, though, I am taking my post-breakfast walk. Apologies.

### Talk 23 related talk 9

Traveler: What are you doing?
Linlang: Oh, I'm just taking a stroll nearby to relax. I'd like to admire the scenery one more time before the sun sets.
Linlang: This land has remained at peace for a thousand years now. But sometimes, I wonder — how did the people who walked this land a thousand years ago feel?
Linlang: I cannot know, yes, but our Lord certainly does — Rex Lapis, who has gently watched over this land for a millennium...
Linlang: ...I wonder, has there been anyone at all who has been privy to his feelings across this long period?

### Talk 23 related talk 10

Traveler: Goodbye.
Linlang: Bye. It was a pleasure meeting you.

## Talk 24

Nervous An: Entry registration forms for foreign ships, additional material requirements for stage construction, and... Wait, what are you doing!?

### Talk 24 related talk 0

Traveler: What are you up to?
Nervous An: I'm working, can't you see? I deal with all vessels entering and exiting the harbor, including mooring and customs procedures.
Nervous An: Please don't disturb me if you have no business here. The restricted goods approval form... Needs to be signed by a Millelith Sergeant...
Traveler: Didn't know talking to yourself counts as working.
Nervous An: ...Can you stop annoying me? I'm working out what I need to do next.
Nervous An: ...Aiya, now I've lost my train of thought...

### Talk 24 related talk 1

Traveler: I'll leave you to it. Bye.
Nervous An: *grunts*
Nervous An: Ah yes... And the potable water replenishment forms for all vessels need to be processed at the warehouse...

## Talk 25

Changchang: When is Daddy coming back? Is it too late to write him and ask for a flute?

### Talk 25 related talk 0

Traveler: About Silk Flowers...
Changchang: Huh? Did you see that thing I wrote? Wow, that worked better than I thought...
Changchang: So did you already finish gathering three Silk Flowers?
Traveler: Here they are.
Traveler: Not yet...
Changchang: Okay... But remember to bring them right back to me as soon as you've got 'em. I'm going to make a pretty garland.

### Talk 25 related talk 1

Traveler: Hello.
Changchang: Hee-hee, everyone says I'm very polite for my age. Are you waiting for someone too?
Traveler: Are you here on your own?
Changchang: Yep! But it's okay, I'm very grown-up for my age and I play by myself all the time! Granddad works in the Dockyard as a conduction worker... conduction...? Construction, construction worker. I made a boo-boo again.
Changchang: I'm not scared though, everyone's really nice here and there's the Millelith to beat up all the bad guys!
Traveler: What're you playing now?
Changchang: Right now I'm not playing. I'm doing something very important!
Changchang: I'm waiting for Daddy. I've lost count of how many days he's been away now...
Changchang: But whenever Daddy comes home he always brings lots and lots of pressies!
Changchang: Last time, he brought me some new clothes! And the time before that, he brought me a windmill! And the time before that, he brought me loads and loads and loads of candy!
Changchang: ...And the time before that, he brought me, erm, a porcelain doll! And, and, and... Wolfhook Cake! And a little bottle that lights up in the wind! And a purple hourglass! And...

### Talk 25 related talk 2

Traveler: See you.
Changchang: Bye-bye!

## Talk 26

Yiran: Manager Kuan, I wanna hear a song. Sing a song for me!
Manager Kuan: Firstly, for the umpteenth time, just call me "Daddy."
Yiran: No! And don't try to change the subject.
Yiran: It's a music festival, so everyone should be playing music or singing!
Yiran: Playing music is a little too difficult for you, Manager Kuan, but you should at least sing something!
Manager Kuan: I'm not a singer, I'm just Manager Kuan... No, wait, I'm your Daddy!
Yiran: Since you're my Daddy, wouldn't it be natural that you'd be better than me?
Yiran: Even I can sing a few lines... Lalala~... lala~!
Yiran: If Manager Kuan can't sing better than me, how can he be my Daddy?

## Talk 27

Yiran: Manager Kuan, I wanna hear a song. Sing a song for me!
Manager Kuan: Firstly, for the umpteenth time, just call me "Daddy."
Yiran: No! And don't try to change the subject.
Yiran: It's a music festival, so everyone should be playing music or singing!
Yiran: Playing music is a little too difficult for you, Manager Kuan, but you should at least sing something!
Manager Kuan: I'm not a singer, I'm just Manager Kuan... No, wait, I'm your Daddy!
Yiran: Since you're my Daddy, wouldn't it be natural that you'd be better than me?
Yiran: Even I can sing a few lines... Lalala~... lala~!
Yiran: If Manager Kuan can't sing better than me, how can he be my Daddy?

## Talk 28

Huixin: Hello, welcome to Liyue, and welcome to the Lantern Rite Festival!
Huixin: You must have heard about the music festival held in collaboration with the Iridescence Tour during this year's Lantern Rite.
Huixin: I hope everyone can have a good time during the festival and enjoy the musical atmosphere.
Huixin: Of course, for civil matters, please go to the Liyue Ministry of Civil Affairs.

### Talk 28 related talk 0

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Huixin: Now that we've sent Rex Lapis off, we will never again receive his direction...
Huixin: ...That burden now falls upon the Qixing.
Huixin: But I don't fear for our future. Other than the Qixing, we do still have Ganyu. She'll do a great job supporting the Qixing, I'm sure of it!

### Talk 28 related talk 1

Traveler: I have some questions.
Huixin: Please, ask away! I will answer to the best of my ability.

### Talk 28 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Huixin: Bye. Good luck with everything.

## Talk 29

Kun: Hey, this is the big day! The annual Lantern Rite is finally here!
Kun: You see, seeing all of Liyue Harbor this lively is quite a rare sight.
Kun: And for the finale of this year's Lantern Rite, they'll be holding a musical performance!
Kun: It's also said to have something to do with Fontaine's renowned Iridescence Tour!
Kun: I heard they haven't done a show in a while, so this one can't be missed!

### Talk 29 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Kun: Don't recognize me? I just transferred here from the south wharf.
Kun: I'm going to miss my time there. I always found watching the boats going in and out the harbor quite awe-inspiring somehow.
Kun: Not so much the cargo ships and fishing boats. I mean more the ones that belong to The Crux. I know they are involved in some shady stuff, but...
Kun: ...None of that's any of my business really. If everyone above me's happy enough to let it slide, it's hardly my place to be critical.

### Talk 29 related talk 1

Traveler: So, any sights worth seeing in Liyue Harbor?
Kun: Oh, are you a traveler from another nation? Then I suggest that you must go and see one of Xinyan's performances.
Kun: Every time she performs, the ad-hoc stage she uses will burst into flames when the atmosphere reaches its peak!
Kun: Well, this did attract the attention of the higher-ups, and they put a stop to her performances in order to avoid any harm coming to members of the public.
Kun: But as much as I'm a Millelith, I'm also a loyal fan of hers. So I always try to sneak her some intel, so she can stage performances in the blind spots of our patrols.
Kun: Ahem. Don't tell on me to the sergeant! Her music is a great source of joy in my life. To let it be snuffed out would be such a shame!

### Talk 29 related talk 2

Traveler: See you.
Kun: While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail! The Millelith is proud to be at your service.

## Talk 30

Linling: The glow of Xiao Lanterns fills the night sky, shedding light on lands below as they fly. The lighting of the stage dances before one's eyes, as a sea of people are singing together...
Linling: Yes, yes...

### Talk 30 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Linling: I'm Linling. I'm the registrar for all the boats in these docks...
Linling: ...Actually, I'm employed by the Commerce Guild to do menial tasks for all those stuffy old business people...
Linling: But never mind all that. When you're young, you should fix your vision on something with broad horizons, right?
Linling: Just look how beautiful the sea is today, it's so tranquil! As I like to say, "To be blind to the beauty that poets adore is to view the world from the ocean floor."
Linling: Hehehe, I composed that poem myself. Isn't it philosophical?
Traveler: It's okay, I guess.
Linling: What did you say!? Let me tell you something, I have a poetic gift and I'm gonna be a household name one day! Just like the great poet Qingzhou!
Linling: Hmph. Commoners don't like my poetry, those lords of the Qixing Commerce Guild don't appreciate my hard work, and this dull job is so far below my aspirations...
Linling: Is it any wonder that I'm out here staring aimlessly at the sea...
Traveler: Do you have Anemo power? Because girl, your poetry just blew me away.
Linling: Why thank you! You have wonderful taste in poetry. Only a small number of rare geniuses see true reason, and it seems you are one of them — just like me!
Linling: The way I see it, the Qixing aren't all that. Who knows, I might do a better job than them.
Linling: I mean, let's be honest. They just follow the divine predictions we receive from Rex Lapis during the Rite of Descension to the letter. It's all his work, so what are they so uppity about?
Linling: ...Uh, did I just say that a bit too loud?

### Talk 30 related talk 1

Traveler: Goodbye.
Linling: Bye!
Linling: 'Tis true transcendence to view the sea, how blue the skies and seas both be...

## Talk 31

Iron Tongue Tian: Have you heard? This year's Lantern Rite has a new event: a musical performance!
Iron Tongue Tian: If you want to fit in, you should talk about music.
Iron Tongue Tian: But it's hard to attract an audience when you have a romantic atmosphere without a powerful scene...
Iron Tongue Tian: Do you think it's possible to combine singing and fighting?
Iron Tongue Tian: Winning a battle while being accompanied by a dynamic rhythm... Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
Iron Tongue Tian: You wouldn't be able to hear of this story from my fellow, Tea Master Liu Su. All he does is talk about dry, prissy, genteel stuff!

### Talk 31 related talk 0

Traveler: Adventure Challenge

### Talk 31 related talk 1

Traveler: Duel

### Talk 31 related talk 2

Traveler: (Listen in)
Iron Tongue Tian: I don't like the way he rarifies storytelling. This art was originally part of street culture.
Iron Tongue Tian: It's like trying to turn offal from the street kitchens into divine elixir... It's just wrong-headed.
Iron Tongue Tian: Those who aren't familiar with the art might be entertained, but all the old patrons in attendance know that it's got none of storytelling's original flavor.
Traveler: (Keep listening)
Iron Tongue Tian: So I'm not sour at all that my senior is famous and earns a lot of money.
Iron Tongue Tian: In front of my old patrons, I daresay this much—
Iron Tongue Tian: Were I to go to the Heyu Tea Whatever today and give an oration...

### Talk 31 related talk 3

Traveler: (Stop listening)
Iron Tongue Tian: Don't be so skeptical. If I were to go Heyu Tea House and speak before the ladies and gentlemen of Yujing Terrace...

## Talk 32

Clerk Zhao: Phew... Lantern Rite is such a tiring time. I should take a moment to rest...
Clerk Zhao: But the moment I stop, the anxiety just hits me all over again...
Clerk Zhao: After all, Lady Yuheng has assigned a new task for the music festival, so I still can't rest...

### Talk 32 related talk 0

Traveler: Anxiety?
Clerk Zhao: Yeah. Do you ever feel like there just aren't enough hours in the day?
Clerk Zhao: That feeling of... I'm enjoying myself, but I can't fully relax because there is still that thing at the back of my mind... But then, you still can't force yourself to go and deal with the thing...
Clerk Zhao: *sigh* People are strange creatures. We know full well that time is limited, but we still kid ourselves by saying things like, "Oh, surely just a bit longer can't hurt..."

### Talk 32 related talk 1

Traveler: What's bothering you?
Clerk Zhao: You'll laugh at me if I tell you, but... Well, my dream is to work my way up and become one of the Qixing one day. Someone big and successful.
Clerk Zhao: I know it sounds ridiculous, the idea of starting as a minor clerk and somehow ending up as one of the Qixing...
Clerk Zhao: But if I don't at least try, none of my dreams will ever become reality.
Clerk Zhao: Zhao, there's no time to waste...
Clerk Zhao: ...Aah, what am I doing here then!? I must get back to work!
Traveler: You really do work hard.
Clerk Zhao: If I want to become a member of the Liyue Qixing, this work-rate is just what is expected of me, isn't it?
Clerk Zhao: ...And honestly, I'm not working anywhere near hard enough.
Clerk Zhao: I've had to travel to Yuehai Pavilion many times in order to settle some matters. Every time I go there, I can see Miss Ganyu doing overtime work.
Clerk Zhao: Perhaps this is because she works directly for the Qixing at Yuehai Pavilion, while I'm just a small-time clerk...
Clerk Zhao: Argh.. No, I have to work harder!

### Talk 32 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Clerk Zhao: Back to it? Goodness, you're so hardworking...
Clerk Zhao: I should get back too, I can't keep wasting time here...

## Talk 33

Yong'an: Hello. I... you... cat... ATCHOO!
Yong'an: I'm sorry... After hearing that there'll be a music festival, people sometimes come to the pier to play and sing...
Yong'an: The cats around them got scared and ran around, shedding their fur everywhere...
Yong'an: I... cats... aaa... ATCHOO!

### Talk 33 related talk 0

Traveler: Anxiety?
Clerk Zhao: Yeah. Do you ever feel like there just aren't enough hours in the day?
Clerk Zhao: That feeling of... I'm enjoying myself, but I can't fully relax because there is still that thing at the back of my mind... But then, you still can't force yourself to go and deal with the thing...
Clerk Zhao: *sigh* People are strange creatures. We know full well that time is limited, but we still kid ourselves by saying things like, "Oh, surely just a bit longer can't hurt..."

### Talk 33 related talk 1

Traveler: What's bothering you?
Clerk Zhao: You'll laugh at me if I tell you, but... Well, my dream is to work my way up and become one of the Qixing one day. Someone big and successful.
Clerk Zhao: I know it sounds ridiculous, the idea of starting as a minor clerk and somehow ending up as one of the Qixing...
Clerk Zhao: But if I don't at least try, none of my dreams will ever become reality.
Clerk Zhao: Zhao, there's no time to waste...
Clerk Zhao: ...Aah, what am I doing here then!? I must get back to work!
Traveler: You really do work hard.
Clerk Zhao: If I want to become a member of the Liyue Qixing, this work-rate is just what is expected of me, isn't it?
Clerk Zhao: ...And honestly, I'm not working anywhere near hard enough.
Clerk Zhao: I've had to travel to Yuehai Pavilion many times in order to settle some matters. Every time I go there, I can see Miss Ganyu doing overtime work.
Clerk Zhao: Perhaps this is because she works directly for the Qixing at Yuehai Pavilion, while I'm just a small-time clerk...
Clerk Zhao: Argh.. No, I have to work harder!

### Talk 33 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Clerk Zhao: Back to it? Goodness, you're so hardworking...
Clerk Zhao: I should get back too, I can't keep wasting time here...

## Talk 34

Sisi: Oh hello, if it's an invitation to go to a musical performance, I'm afraid I must decline. There's someone I'm waiting for.

### Talk 34 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you waiting for?
Sisi: My lover, Chaoxi. He's a sailor.
Sisi: We don't get to see each other very often, he's never back on land for very long...
Sisi: He's already been gone for so long, who knows when he'll be back...
Sisi: Next time he gets back I'm just going to ask him outright when we are going to get married. All this waiting is just too much...

### Talk 34 related talk 1

Traveler: About Rex Lapis' death...
Sisi: Rex Lapis and Liyue, like two lovers for thousands of years...
Sisi: But all relationships must come to an end. If death is the thing that finally separates you, well then surely that's a sign that you had a good run...
Sisi: ...or is it a sign that we have all been dumped by Rex Lapis?

### Talk 34 related talk 2

Traveler: Goodbye.
Sisi: Farewell.

## Talk 35

Vlad: I didn't know that you liked music so much... I'm so glad I invited you here.
Nadia: And thank you for inviting me. I've never had such a great time enjoying live music...
Nadia: I don't know much about music, but with the person beside— Ahem, with all these people around, it's been a great experience.
Vlad: That's great! You've always been a quiet person, so I was afraid you wouldn't like this kind of event.
Vlad: Looks like I should keep an eye out for more music festivals like this in the future...

## Talk 36

Vlad: I didn't know that you liked music so much... I'm so glad I invited you here.
Nadia: And thank you for inviting me. I've never had such a great time enjoying live music...
Nadia: I don't know much about music, but with the person beside— Ahem, with all these people around, it's been a great experience.
Vlad: That's great! You've always been a quiet person, so I was afraid you wouldn't like this kind of event.
Vlad: Looks like I should keep an eye out for more music festivals like this in the future...

## Talk 37

Ivanovich: The glow of the Xiao Lanterns feels so warm...
Ivanovich: And I don't know if it's because of the music festival performance, but the stage lights made the lantern even brighter.
Ivanovich: This blazing heat ignites a nostalgic flame in me...

### Talk 37 related talk 0

Traveler: Are you out of Cor Lapis too?
Ivanovich: Oh, I thought you were here to purchase Snezhnayan products.
Ivanovich: No, that I still have, although I ship it all to factories in Snezhnaya. I don't do retail.
Ivanovich: Too much hassle, not enough return. Sorry.
Traveler: Does "we'll take it all" still count as retail?
Ivanovich: Wha— Ah, no, no, no. Give me a second to think. Um...
Ivanovich: A—Alright, I'll do it. Just need you to sign for it.
Ivanovich: (Clearly no shortage of cashflow in Liyue...)
Traveler: So you're rejecting the Feiyun Commerce Guild's business?

### Talk 37 related talk 1

Traveler: Who are you...?
Ivanovich: I am Ivanovich, pleasure to meet you! I am a businessman from Snezhnaya. I am now waiting for my next delivery.
Ivanovich: The people of Liyue are very wealthy! I import goods from Snezhnaya and everything sells out almost as soon as it arrives.
Ivanovich: If I had known sooner, I would have opened my own store here so I could sell directly to consumers. That way I would not have to oversee the deliveries myself.

### Talk 37 related talk 2

Traveler: What do you sell?
Ivanovich: Technically I am a distributor, selling everyday items produced in Snezhnaya. As well as that, I also act as an agent for Cor Lapis merchants selling to Snezhnayan factories.
Ivanovich: The Qixing have been keeping a close eye on Snezhnaya's senior officials recently...
Ivanovich: Some people say that the only reason we are able to buy Cor Lapis from Liyue merchants is because they were mediating behind the scenes...
Ivanovich: But I am not privy to the details. So please excuse me from withholding judgment.
Ivanovich: Although our goods are produced in high quantities, they are by no means cheap.
Ivanovich: So I have a high opinion of Liyue consumers... Their spending always exceeds our projections.

### Talk 37 related talk 3

Traveler: See you.
Ivanovich: Take care. Hope to see you again when we are fully stocked.

## Talk 38

Jiayi: While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail.
Jiayi: Have you seen the music festival? The resounding echoes are sure to reach places farther than the Xiao Lanterns do...
Jiayi: ...Perhaps you'll even be able to hear the music from atop the hills of Qingce Village.
Jiayi: *sigh* Little Liu... I miss you so much...

### Talk 38 related talk 0

Traveler: Who are you?
Jiayi: "While rock stays hard, the mountain shall never fail; while the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail." We are the Millelith — Protectors of Liyue.
Jiayi: I'm a soldier, proud to be serving with the Millelith in defense of this great city of Liyue Harbor.
Jiayi: ...I say that. But I'd still rather be working closer to Qingce Village.
Jiayi: That's where my beloved daughter is. I think about her constantly...

### Talk 38 related talk 1

Traveler: Tell me about your daughter.
Jiayi: Her name's Little Liu. My wife sadly passed away in childbirth, so it's the grandparents who look after her now.
Jiayi: She's still very young. I haven't a clue how to explain this to her... So I just lie, and say that her mother has always been working in Liyue Harbor...
Jiayi: *sigh* I haven't seen her in a good long while since coming to Liyue on my own for work. The last time I held her in my arms, she was nowhere close to the weight of this polearm...
Jiayi: Is she eating her dinner?
Jiayi: Is she in good health?
Jiayi: Is she making lots of nice friends?
Jiayi: *sigh* Liu... Your daddy misses you so much...

### Talk 38 related talk 2

Traveler: See you.
Jiayi: Bye, Traveler.
Jiayi: Do me a favor if you ever pass through Qingce Village, would you? Ask for Little Liu and tell her that her daddy's doing just fine, and that he'll come to visit as soon as he can... and that's a promise...

## Talk 39

Andrei: Why, hello there. How may I help you?
Andrei: If this is about work, please allow me to decline for now. This festive season is quite hard to come by after all. Feeling the sea breeze, listening to the music... It is all ever so pleasant...

### Talk 39 related talk 0

Andrei: What are you doing?
Andrei: I'm sure you've been enjoying all that Liyue Harbor has to offer?
Andrei: As a native of Snezhnaya, I was initially quite reluctant about being transferred to Liyue by the Northland Bank.
Andrei: But as I came to understand more about Liyue, I found myself liking it more and more.
Andrei: Things like the sea here and the city's atmosphere are all quite different from my home, haha!
Andrei: Tell me about your home.
Andrei: My hometown is not quite as lively as the bustling city of Liyue...
Andrei: And I've completely fallen in love with the food in Liyue. With such a variety of colors, flavors, and aromas, the cuisine here is simply exquisite!
Andrei: But even so, I could never turn my back on Her Majesty the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya.

### Talk 39 related talk 1

Andrei: Goodbye.
Andrei: Goodbye...
Andrei: Ah, seeing as I still have to work tomorrow, I'll need to take the chance now to relax.

## Talk 40

Traveler: About the Lantern Rite music festival...
Linlang: There's usually a familiar sense of nostalgia in the air during the Lantern Rite, and it complements my store perfectly.
Linlang: This year's Lantern Rite music festival, however, has brought along some new ideas.
Linlang: People may become interested in music-related antiques, so I should probably read up on related legends too...
Linlang: After all, every ancient object that has weathered the ages has a fascinating story to tell.