# Talk Dialog

"Dopey Dazzler": Hello, my rising graffiti stars. Anything else you'd like to know?
"Dopey Dazzler": If there's nothing else, get ready to head out! I'll be out for a walk through the wilds myself. Gotta look for good cliffsides that haven't been painted yet. Don't you be slower than me, now!
Traveler: Tell me about graffiti as an art form...
Paimon: Hmm. It's all over Natlan in crazy colors — on houses, trees, mountains, even on people...
Paimon: It seems to be a custom here, so... when did it start?
"Dopey Dazzler": Aha, interested in hearing some graffiti history, are you? Good, good!
"Dopey Dazzler": The techniques we ordinary people now master are generalized forms of "Phlogiston Engravings."
"Dopey Dazzler": You might have heard of the process itself, where professional inscribers use blades to carve such engravings for mighty tribal warriors.
"Dopey Dazzler": Each tribe has an engraving unique to them, and they are immensely useful, whether for communicating with Saurian companions, or in battle.
Paimon: Yeah, that does ring a bell... So that's what it's called.
Traveler: It's no ordinary body of symbols...
"Dopey Dazzler": Indeed! For us normal folks, these symbols are marks of courage, ability, and honor. Nothing more avant-garde than these, if you ask me!
"Dopey Dazzler": That's why many imitate the inscribers and spray similar patterns in various locations.
"Dopey Dazzler": Of course, they're mighty champions, and we're pretty mundane by comparison, so our works don't serve much purpose beyond expressing our emotions.
"Dopey Dazzler": Over time, the artistic content expanded from those patterns into all manner of different expressions, growing increasingly free-spirited, eventually evolving into its modern form.
Paimon: Symbols of the strong, huh? That kinda makes sense... Who'd have thought graffiti had such a long history...
Paimon: You know, we could pick a few large buildings in the Serenitea Pot and cover their walls in huge pictures of all the formidable people we've met during our journey!
Traveler: Haha, then let's start with that bard!
Paimon: That would work! Why don't we draw a bunch of kittens nearby, too?
"Dopey Dazzler": Haha, draw on. Draw 'em all, even!
"Dopey Dazzler": Once your skills mature, you can showcase all the companions and objects you want, no problem!
"Dopey Dazzler": But before that, you need to understand the core philosophy behind graffiti, and you need practice.
Paimon: Of course! But just you wait — we're quick learners and then some!
Traveler: Our well-traveled, knowledgeable consultant would make the perfect candidate too.
Paimon: Ooh, yeah. Just the thought of it puts Paimon at ease! ... Wait, but would Tubby ever dare take a nap again?
Traveler: How about a Statue of Her Excellency, the God of Thunder?
Paimon: Should we paint her in a more majestic pose? Maybe raise a couple more Finches?
Traveler: What say you to Mahakusaladhamma, the Blessed One of Wisdom?
Paimon: We should decorate the Realm Within with some extra pretty flowers and plants, then!
Traveler: Perhaps Fontaine's number-one star might be a good pick.
Paimon: Great idea — we'd need a super gorgeous open-air stage to go with it, and maybe some pretty lighting too...
Traveler: So, about avant-garde artistic thought...
Paimon: You always have lots to say about "avant-garde." Did you have a teacher who particularly emphasized that?
Paimon: But Paimon guesses that you've never left Natlan before, so are there schools here that specialize in teaching art?
"Dopey Dazzler": School? Never been anywhere like that.
"Dopey Dazzler": I'm speaking from experience here, combined with books I've read that adventurers brought in from beyond our lands — of course, it took me a long while to figure it out.
"Dopey Dazzler": If anything, I'm the one teaching others, no?
"Dopey Dazzler": It just so happens that I plan on leaving a training area in the Graffiti Alliance headquarters...
"Dopey Dazzler": If I manage to help you uncover your talent, I might as well handle any newcomers in future too.
Paimon: Headquarters? Paimon thought your Alliance also existed as a sort of identity. Y'know, like Genius Invokation TCG players.
"Dopey Dazzler": Well, we do have the... lofty ambition of matching the Adventurers' Guild, so having a headquarters is a must, even if that means a bit of fundraising!
"Dopey Dazzler": Our current plans have us finishing it in short order, so if you get the chance, do drop by and hang out with us!
Traveler: So, about your name...
Paimon: Paimon's been meaning to ask that too. Is "Dopey Dazzler" your real name?
"Dopey Dazzler": As graffiti artists, our real names aren't anywhere near as important as our titles!
"Dopey Dazzler": Mine comes from a very, very, very awesome friend...
"Dopey Dazzler": She said I have an uncanny ability to discover dazzling color combos, and others say that I get all dopey when blending paints... So I combined the two, and the rest is history!
"Dopey Dazzler": We haven't had much opportunity to hang out since we first met, but that title has been a massive inspiration to me!
Paimon: A nickname inspired by an awesome friend... Guess that makes sense...
Paimon: But as for the word "dopey"... Eh, guess "avant-garde" doesn't involve being too concerned about the meaning of individual words.
Traveler: We'll continue our studies.
Paimon: Yup. We'll continue our search for inspiration, just as you've taught us!
"Dopey Dazzler": Right on! Don't forget to use both your heart and your head! Let your imagination run wild!