# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Sorry to interrupt...
Susukida: Do I know you?
Traveler: (Show Ticket)
Susukida: ...Ah, so you're here for counselling too.
Paimon: Yep! Fellow clients of Emura Ichigensai here. Although, this'll be our first time using his service, so—
Susukida: "Service"? How crass. We're talking about spiritual guidance here, not some business transaction!
Umihiko: In fairness to them, they haven't experienced it yet. Ignorance among the uninitiated is only to be expected.
Paimon: Okay... Well anyway, Aisa Bathhouse calls it a service...
Umihiko: Ah, more defectors from the bathhouse, huh? "Service" might have a veneer of professionalism, but all it really means is inadequate treatment that costs a fortune.
Paimon: ...Why do you say that?
Susukida: I'll tell you why. After just a few sessions with Emura Ichigensai, you'll completely forget about all your troubles. From then on, it's happy thoughts only!
Susukida: Today's supposed to be my last counselling session. He says that after we're done, nothing will ever trouble me again!
Umihiko: Meanwhile, Aisa Bathhouse boasts about their strange and mysterious methods, but it's a total scam. They only treat the symptoms, not the root cause, meaning you have to go back time after time — all so they can keep charging you, of course.
Susukida: Exactly. Overpriced and ineffective. But counselling from Emura Ichigensai? I can't get enough! I know I'm done after today, but I'd take any excuse to keep coming back!
Umihiko: Me too... Probably see you tomorrow, then.
Paimon: Whatever the truth of the matter is, Paimon is starting to seriously dislike these guys!
Traveler: Stay calm, Paimon.
Paimon: Fine... Yeah, so we're mostly here to see what all the fuss is about. You guys seem to be experts by now — is there anything we need to do to prepare for our session?
Susukida: No, you don't need to do anything.
Susukida: Just show up, take a seat, and he takes care of the rest. I remember he lit some incense... it smelled wonderful, and instantly relaxed me...
Emura Chuuya (Emura Ichigensai): I already know of the troubles that bring you to me.
Susukida: I don't know why I lose my temper so easily... I'm pretty messed up, right?
Emura Chuuya (Emura Ichigensai): Yes, in the sense that all negative emotions are defects of the mind. But I can remove these defective feelings, leaving your mind healthy, whole, and free of distressing thoughts.
Emura Chuuya (Emura Ichigensai): Now, receive my guidance...
Susukida: I don't actually remember the guidance... But anyway, it clearly worked. I guess whatever he said disappeared from my mind and took my problems along with it.
Traveler: Sounds a little unbelievable.
Susukida: So rude! Your counselling session will change your mind — in more ways than one!
Paimon: We're only being cautious. What's wrong with that? You said it yourselves, the whole reason everyone's coming to this guy is because they're worried about getting scammed out of their Mora.
Umihiko: That's a fair point. You just need some reassurance, right? In that case... I can let you in on a little secret.
Paimon: Go on...?
Umihiko: Well... someone in my family actually knew Emura Ichigensai before he made a name for himself. Apparently, he had a terrible temper. Pretty much everyone in the neighborhood had issues with him.
Umihiko: But he must've had some sort of epiphany, because he did a complete one-eighty. Went from having the most rotten temper you can imagine to one of the most cheerful people around.
Umihiko: Even more amazingly, all the people who used to despise him ended up becoming his best friends. His neighborhood's more peaceful and pleasant than it's ever been.
Umihiko: So you can rest assured that whatever treatment you get from Emura Ichigensai, he tried and tested it on himself first.
Paimon: Huh... What a ridiculous story...
Umihiko: Doubt it all you want! I heard it straight from my relative, who knows him personally.
Paimon: What should we do now? We may have burned our bridges with these two...
Traveler: At least we got some information.
Paimon: Yeah! There's still a lot of people ahead of us, though... Why don't you take a rest while Paimon keeps watch? Just like how we do it out on the road.
Black Screen Text: The long wait makes you sleepy. Before you know it, you've fallen asleep...
Black Screen Text: You detect a faint fragrance, and begin following it to its source...
Traveler: Now to meet the man himself.
Traveler: How can we be sure it works?
Traveler: Remember, we're here to gather information.