# Talk Dialog

Aratani: That's amazing! Have you guys studied Fungi before? You two are beyond gifted if this is your first time. I mean, you guys just easily won three matches in a row!
Traveler: Congratulations to us.
Paimon: #Haha, Traveler really does pick up things almost instantly!
Paimon: If Miss Aratani were to join us on our adventures, you'd be able to experience all sorts of new stuff, but you'd also see that we often only have a short time to adapt to those new things!
Aratani: Really?
Aratani: I always thought that people like that only existed in Junkichi's outlandish novels... I see now that I was wrong!
Aratani: I won't make negative comments about Junkichi's "sudden increase in power" character trope ever again!
Traveler: Let's put that aside for now... Souka...
Paimon: Oh, right. Miss Aratani is here walking around... but where's Souka?
Aratani: Souka? She's feeling better. She said that she's planning the main arc of her new novel, but she still needs to find inspiration for the blanks in between the chapters...
Aratani: So she went to find a local familiar with the area and is now planning her next journey.
Traveler: That's good.
Paimon: Souka has overcome the negative emotions of her defeat. Whew... that takes a load off our shoulders.
Traveler: Isn't it the same with Miko?
Paimon: Yeah. Paimon hears that Miko would pound her opponents into the ground every single time! But knowing the way Miko does stuff, Paimon is sure she only showed a portion of her true power!
Aratani: Here it comes — this is the part where you start buttering each other up!
Aratani: Then my question would be "Then, who is the stronger one between the Traveler and Lady Yae?"
Aratani: I'm only asking about their combat skill in this competition. Assuming that the two of you were up against Lady Yae, who would win?
Paimon: Eh? How sudden! Paimon's drawing a blank...
Paimon: It's no good to say we don't know... but it'd be disrespectful to say that we'd beat Miko... If we were to admit defeat, we'd be too soft... How frustrating!
Traveler: There's no point in comparing combat abilities.
Paimon: Th—That's right! Paimon almost let Miss Aratani trap us! Miko said herself that she was just here for the experience. All she wanted to do was to try out beast taming. There's no need for a question like that.
Aratani: What a perfect answer! The "offend no one" strategy that presses the conversation forward with no way to turn back!
Aratani: Is it that obvious that you guys are the chosen "protagonists" of this world!? Hmm... I'm starting to get excited! What performances do the two of you have lined up for Souka's newest novel?
Paimon: Why is Miss Aratani acting so weird too? Has Souka passed her weirdness on to her...?
Traveler: What's important is that we can get along with our companions.