# Talk Dialog

"Dopey Dazzler": Hehe, fancy bumping into the two of you again, and at none other than the finest scenic spot that the People of the Springs has to offer! Not only that, this place is universally recognized as one of the most stunning sights in the whole of southern Natlan.
"Dopey Dazzler": The azure blue of the vast expanses of water, the lush green of the mountain vegetation, intertwined with the intense fiery hues of the phlogiston... Simply breathtaking, and a masterclass intro to color contrast too.
Paimon: Dopey Dazzler! Pretty fast on your feet, huh?
Paimon: No use lecturing us on color theory yet though — we still won't get it...
Traveler: Do you know the People of the Springs well?
"Dopey Dazzler": Well, core members of the Graffiti Alliance technically make it their mission to travel to every corner of Natlan, familiarizing themselves with the culture and customs of all the different tribes.
"Dopey Dazzler": A while back now, the People of the Springs hired us to spray-paint their watersports gear. It was a very large order, so I had to stay here for quite some time.
"Dopey Dazzler": They paid us very well, so to return the favor, I decided it was only fair if I made the design I sprayed onto each and every one of their watersports products totally unique.
"Dopey Dazzler": In the end, after two months of slogging away, I'd only finished less than five percent of the total... My hands were so sore they felt like they were about to fall off, and my brain had totally crashed...
"Dopey Dazzler": And to make matters worse, new products were constantly being churned out. If things kept going the way they were, I'd never have been able to finish the job...
Paimon: A unique design, for every, single, individual, watersports product...!?
Paimon: But... there are watersports products everywhere at the People of the Springs — you couldn't even count them if you tried. That goal was totally crazy!
Traveler: Even if you had twenty Dopey Dazzlers on the job, you'd still struggle...
"Dopey Dazzler": Yes, well... in the end, we came to realize that. Our clever client from the People of the Springs proposed a more cost-effective solution instead—
"Dopey Dazzler": The new plan was that we would come up with a single batch of graffiti designs, create stencils based on the designs, specify the colors required, and then roughly mark out where they needed to be sprayed.
"Dopey Dazzler": Then, the clients' own people would spray the designs onto a large batch of watersports equipment themselves — following our instructions, of course.
Paimon: Wow, that sounds like a great idea! It wouldn't require a lot of manpower, so it'd save heaps of time and effort. Plus, you wouldn't even need to go to the trouble of training them up.
Paimon: Is this also some kind of... avant-garde production philosophy?
"Dopey Dazzler": Mmm... Yes, I suppose you could say that! Of course, in an ideal world, it would all be done by hand, but we're not that inflexible.
"Dopey Dazzler": If it helps our art reach a wider audience, we shouldn't force ourselves to stick rigidly to the principles of "pure" handicraft.
"Dopey Dazzler": Anyway, all in all, I'm full of awe and admiration for our friends at the People of the Springs. They think on their feet, and they're always full of ideas...
"Dopey Dazzler": A watersports shop owner named Mualani, who also happens to be one of the tribe's renowned warriors, spent a few days with us learning graffiti.
"Dopey Dazzler": Overflowing with enthusiasm and talent, that one. It wasn't long at all before she was producing bona-fide artwork to decorate her surfboard with...
"Dopey Dazzler": Now I come to think of it, she's the perfect role model for you guys!
Paimon: From the sound of it, as long as you have the necessary commitment and the motivation, learning graffiti over a short period of time... isn't completely impossible, then?
Paimon: #{NICKNAME}, we need to up our game! We'll have to find some good materials and get to grips with this avant-garde mindset, ASAP! Paimon can't wait to start doodling all over her favorite objects too, hehe...
Traveler: Sounds like what we need is a crash course in graffiti.
"Dopey Dazzler": Boom, that's what I'm talking about! You're finally coming around...!
"Dopey Dazzler": Well, I'll say no more, only this... Open your eyes, clear your minds. Soak up the incredible scenery around you. Look for anything that captures your imagination and inspires creativity, anything — lines, shapes, colors! And with that in mind, sally forth!
Traveler: About time we jazzed up some of our own gear too!
Traveler: Why would you put that much pressure on yourself...
Traveler: You must have visited many times before?