# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Shikanoin Heizou: Sure, of course! I've actually been waiting to give you a taste of the old Heizou treatment.
Traveler: Wait... a taste of what now?
Shikanoin Heizou: Haha, no no no no, you've got it all wrong. You see, I've been hanging around here for a while now.
Shikanoin Heizou: And whether it's from the more obvious details like the style and arrangement of your space, or the more subtle details like the type of decorations you've set out... Just by looking around, I've already gathered a lot of info about you.
Shikanoin Heizou: I have deduced that not all the arrangements here is based on your personal taste, no... on the contrary, some of it is intentionally done with visiting friends in mind.
Shikanoin Heizou: As for what led me to this conclusion...
Traveler: Amazing! You really are quite the detective.
Shikanoin Heizou: Oh? Using a compliment to change the subject, are we?
Shikanoin Heizou: It appears you have some secrets that you'd prefer to leave unspoken.
Shikanoin Heizou: In that case, let me start by telling you about myself. Now, where to begin...
Shikanoin Heizou: You've already heard about who I am and who my connections are. And I'm sure you know my general likes and dislikes after all this time together...
Shikanoin Heizou: As for my family background, I'm guessing you're not too interested in that...
Shikanoin Heizou: Ah, how about this! I'll tell you my weakness.
Traveler: Do you even have a weakness?
Shikanoin Heizou: You betcha. Don't let my usual rational appearance fool you. It turns out that I'm easily swayed by emotion.
Shikanoin Heizou: People have this real... glow about them when they're doing something they believe in, you know? They stand out in the world, like Flaming Flowers. And they make it a brighter place.
Shikanoin Heizou: That's why I strive to keep those people safe from anyone looking to take advantage. Call me crazy, but when I see something beautiful, I wanna keep it that way.
Shikanoin Heizou: By the way, you've got that spark in you too. It's hit me a few times in our time together, I could genuinely feel it.
Shikanoin Heizou: Shh! That's my weakness, okay? So be sure to keep this one top-secret.
Traveler: I want to gather info about you, too!
Shikanoin Heizou: Oh? Trying to change the subject, are we?
Traveler: Is that a dressing down... or a beatdown?