# Talk Dialog

Turenna: Also, please consider giving me more coaching if you have the time! I intend to become... a master tactician!
Traveler: Then let me teach you again!
Turenna: Aye, aye! Don't go easy on me!
Traveler: Since when did I become your leader!?
Turenna: Oh! Sorry! I've already started imagining what it would be like with you in the Special Patrol... Although I'm afraid we still can't offer you millions of Mora per month.
Turenna: But if you ever meet Captain Chevreuse, well, she might just write you a recommendation for a salary like that!
Traveler: Chevreuse?
Turenna: She's the Captain of our Special Patrol. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say she's one of the greatest musket sharpshooters in Fontaine, period!
Turenna: We members of the Patrol are generally skilled at using muskets, but she uses them like they're an extension of her hand!
Turenna: They say she can shoot out a candle's flame without damaging the candle itself from over a hundred paces away with even the most ordinary, mass-produced musket.
Turenna: The current leaders of every squad in the Patrol are either sharpshooters who have been personally taught by her or have undergone strict evaluation.
Turenna: As a newbie who's just joined, I can barely make a shot from around a hundred and fifty paces away... And it has to be against a head-sized target.
Traveler: Whoa! What kind of marksmanship is that!?
Turenna: Ugh... I knew you'd say something like that...
Turenna: Well, I haven't practiced enough, but I'll work harder! I aim to get 2,000 rounds of practice in this month!
Turenna: Anyway, if we get the chance, I'll teach you a little about muskets.
Turenna: Anyway, please consider joining the Special Patrol or at least become a Special Member, would you?
Traveler: Whoa? You're that accurate?
Turenna: Nah, I'm just alright! With your skill, it wouldn't even take that long for you to surpass me!
Traveler: Captain?
Traveler: Let's talk about you first...
Turenna: Me? I'm just a newbie in the Special Patrol, so I haven't accomplished anything praiseworthy...
Turenna: It's why I was sent to manage Ms. Haniyyah's Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta.
Turenna: Of course, this doesn't mean that the Patrol considers it a trivial task.
Turenna: I only took over the job and started gathering information from up close after verifying that Ms. Haniyyah's Fungi companions weren't dangerous.
Turenna: In the event that we did encounter dangerous monsters, and if the situation warranted it, then we would have dispatched numerous sharpshooters in conjunction with the Gardemeks...
Turenna: The Gardemeks would lead the monsters into a killbox, and the sharpshooters waiting in ambush there would loose a hail of bullets upon them...
Turenna: In this way, we'd able to keep the monsters pinned while preventing any undue effects on the service life of the Gardemeks.
Traveler: That sounds amazing!
Turenna: Not at all! It's just one of our most basic tactics!
Turenna: If you're interested in the Special Patrol's tactics, I'll bring a handbook along and introduce them to you next time!
Turenna: Anyway, please consider joining the Special Patrol or at least become a Special Member, would you?
Traveler: Can that be used on me?
Turenna: That's not funny. You're not an imaginary enemy... Or I should say that unless the captain led the team herself, no ordinary tactics would be capable of suppressing you...
Traveler: Then you can start with some self-reflection...
Turenna: A—Alright! Ugh... I'm still too weak...