# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Sure, what would you like to talk about?
Traveler: I'd like to hear more about you, Kokomi.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: More about me? Mm... I don't mind. I only worry that you may find the topic a little boring.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I remember I used to always stay home all by myself when I was little. I didn't really have any friends... In fact, I seldom spoke to anyone.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: When I found myself bored with little to do, I would skim through the various books we had lying around the house.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Among the piles of texts on governmental affairs and diplomacy, there were a few books on the art of war. They were like gems to me.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I remember thinking at the time that it would be perfect to work as an adviser someday. Whenever Her Excellency would come to me for advice, I could put on a show and mysteriously hand her a directive.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Then, I could just snuggle right back up in my blanket and continue sleeping with no fear of anyone disrupting me.
Traveler: However, in reality...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Mm. I suppose I never expected that someone like me who was used to staying home would be promoted to such a position.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I clearly remember that on my first day as priestess, I had well over one hundred people come pay their respects to me.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I did my best to carefully record each of their names, but after about twenty people or so, I had already lost track.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Eventually, I would feign that I was busy handling administrative affairs while using the papers to make a rough sketch of them with their name noted to the side for memorization later.
Traveler: That sounds pretty tiresome.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Mm... This is why I am so happy whenever I see you making progress.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Perhaps one day, you'll be even more suited than myself to appear before people, and even better prepared to carry their hopes forward.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: When that day comes, I can serve as your adviser. Wouldn't that be nice?