# Talk Dialog

Huixing: Sea conditions are consistent and there are no other vessels in target waters... Hmmm... very suitable for kicking off "Vigilance at Sea"!
Traveler: Start "Vigilance at Sea."
Huixing: Okay! Be sure to give it your all!
Traveler: About the difficulty of "Vigilance at Sea"...
Huixing: I would like to ask you guys: how did you guys find the challenge?
Paimon: #Paimon thought it wasn't too hard. This kind of test is a piece of cake for Paimon and Traveler!
Huixing: Well, considering how formidable you two are, this sounds about right.
Huixing: Thanks for your feedback. Now I know a little more! I'm going to have to think a little bit more about how to adjust the difficulty curve for both challenge and pass rate...
Traveler: About the nine certificates...
Huixing: The four major certificates and the five minor certificates? Simple.
Huixing: The four major certificates consist of the "Fit for Sailing Certificate," the "Ship Maintenance Aptitude Certificate," the "Power Maintenance Aptitude Certificate," and the "Survivability at Sea Certificate."
Huixing: The five minor certificates consist of the "Basic Safety Certificate," the "Lifeboat Certificate," the "Fire Safety Certificate," the "First Aid Certificate," and the "Monster-Precaution Certificate."
Huixing: With all these certificates, a sailor is equipped to solve most of the problems of navigation.
Huixing: Although the crew may not understand the principle of each request, they just need to remember the main points of the task and follow the instructions.
Paimon: This doesn't sound simple at all!
Traveler: And we still haven't gotten into the details yet...
Huixing: No worries! With your talent, you can sail smoothly without having to bother with all the technical details!
Traveler: I should consult Beidou when I have the chance...
Huixing: Okay! The Captain is a bit of a straight shooter. You'll probably become experts after asking her!
Traveler: I need some time to prepare.
Huixing: I understand! You guys are measured and careful, so you guys might need some more time. I trust you guys!