# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Navia: Let's do something together! We could go on a hike, climb some trees, pet some cats, walk some puppies... I'm honestly down with whatever.
Traveler: Sure you can climb trees in that dress?
Navia: You'd better believe it! There might be quite a bit of skirt in the back, but it's not restricting.
Navia: I made sure of that before I bought it. I specifically asked the designer to make some alterations, so I could maintain freedom of movement.
Traveler: Have you ever had any pets?
Navia: I had a dog once, many, many years ago, but after she passed away from an illness, I never got another.
Navia: My papa named her "Shelly." There wasn't any special meaning to the name — we just happened to find her right after coming back from a trip to the seaside.
Navia: I loved that dog. We'd go out together all the time, and she'd take me on adventures through the abandoned pipes... She was really smart that way.
Traveler: You must miss her a lot.
Navia: Definitely. Sometimes, I have dreams where we're playing together again, but I usually get over it pretty quickly once I wake up.
Navia: I'm sure Shelly wouldn't want me to live in the past. She'd want me to move forward with my life and make more good friends.
Traveler: Good friends like... me?
Navia: Come on, that should go without saying! After all the life-and-death situations we've been through together? That definitely makes you one of my greatest friends of all time!
Navia: I doubt I'll make many more friends like you in my lifetime, so I'll cherish our friendship to the end.
Navia: Anyway, as your great friend, how about I bake a cake that has all of our names on it — you, me, and Paimon — and bring it here for us all to share?
Navia: Something tells me that Paimon would really enjoy that... So I'm willing to spoil her just this once!
Traveler: Can I call you one of my good friends?
Navia: Hahaha, please, we crossed that bridge a long time ago!
Navia: Why would I ask to hang out with you here if we weren't already great friends?