# Talk Dialog

Phonia: Honorary Knight, and The Helper in White. Phonia of the Investigation Team, reporting. We're currently carrying out an urgent mission: Annihilate the Invasive Anglers. I am in charge of acoustic recon.
Phonia: If you have any questions, there is a knight called Ematol by the lake. She's better at interpersonal communication and can provide you with detailed information.
Traveler: I haven't asked anything yet...
Paimon: R—Right! We just wanted to greet you, and you just started babbling on...
Paimon: (Feels like she's a bit impatient...)
Phonia: Isn't that a good thing? We all work for the Knights of Favonius, and we're all on the clock right now, so we should not indulge ourselves in meaningless gossip but the exchange of useful information...
Phonia: Besides, I'm just a common "cog" while you are the heroes who have "saved Mondstadt" on your resumes. Someone like me is not worth much of your precious time.
Paimon: Hey, that's a bit offensive! We're not the type to... use people and treat them as tools!
Traveler: Plus we're not that vain...
Phonia: Oh, I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. A "cog" is simply how I define myself.
Phonia: I am just an ordinary person with no talent. I have neither the capability nor the determination to take charge. The only role I'm fit to play on the stage of the machine that is the Knights of Favonius is that of a "cog."
Phonia: Or you can also call me a "pawn" or "gear"... I don't mind.
Paimon: Putting it like that is totally heartless!
Phonia: Heartless? I actually find it to my liking.
Phonia: There's no need for me to overthink anything or do things according to my own will. I simply do what my superior says. Get to work on time, and leave on time. Life is simple.
Phonia: There's a rumor going around that says: "In emergency situations the Honorary Knight has command authority on the front lines equivalent to a captain." Who knows, I may have the chance to be temporarily assigned to your unit in the future.
Phonia: Of course, every situation is different, and every task has a different priority. We are currently not in any such critical sitaution, so I can just focus on the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" task that I've been assigned.
Phonia: As such, I must ask you two to keep some distance from me while I work. Both my equipment and I require a quiet working environment.
Phonia: You certainly wouldn't want some "cogs" to malfunction and affect the entire "machine," would you?
Traveler: So you're shooing us away...
Paimon: Hmph! Paimon rarely sees a knight so willing to close the door and leave the world behind! Or maybe... they're a "heartless workaholic"!
Paimon: #C'mon Traveler! Let's leave her here to do her work all alone!
Traveler: You're as cold as ice...
Traveler: Nor that arrogant!
Traveler: You are...
Phonia: I just told you the most important information, but as it seems that's not enough for you. I'll supplement it with a few more words.
Phonia: I am Phonia, a member of the intelligence division of the investigation team. Though I have served for 6 years, I have only carried out 67 battlefield support ops and 31 direct action ops.
Phonia: My greatest martial accomplishment was defeating 1 Hilichurl Brute, 2 Hilichurl Shamans, and a few Hilichurl Shooters, with Ematol using simple roadside explosives, mopping up a small area of the forest...
Phonia: As you can see, the gap in combat capability between me and you, Honorary Knight, is as wide as that between a boar and Stormterror. Perhaps you will simply forget about an unimportant, ordinary knight like me in a couple days.
Paimon: What's going on? Why are you suddenly... giving us a work report? So serious...
Traveler: There's no need to be so tense...
Paimon: #Yeah! Even though Traveler is an Honorary Knight, we're not on duty now! Just relax!
Paimon: We're always meeting all kinds of people in the wilderness, and it's really great when we talk and talk and end up becoming friends!
Phonia: I see. You wish to dicuss personal matters. Let me think...
Phonia: I'm Phonia, 26 years old, single. I currently live in the third room on the third floor of the third building to the right of the city gates. I have a roommate who's also my tenant called Ematol, and the monthly rent is... I forget, it's not important.
Phonia: My hobby is to sleep. After work, I just go home and sleep. If it's too noisy, I'll have some wine to help me sleep. I don't remember what kind of wine I used to drink, but that's not important either. As long as it can get me drunk, it's good wine.
Phonia: Sometimes I stay at the secret camp near Dragonspine temporarily in accord with Captain Albedo's orders. I like it there because it's quiet, so I can have a good sleep without anyone disturbing me.
Traveler: So your hobby is actually "quietness"?
Phonia: That's a valid point. A quiet environment and high-quality sleep are beneficial for my work. After all, my exceptional hearing is my most valuable skill.
Paimon: (Paimon feels like this knight... is incredible at killing conversations! Paimon doesn't know how to respond...)
Paimon: (And she keeps going on about her interests, which are still related to work... Paimon gonna give her a nickname... The "Silent Workaholic"!)
Phonia: Thanks, The Helper in White. That's a good nickname. If we ever need a callsign in the team, I'll use that.
Traveler: !
Paimon: !
Phonia: Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, if you do not require further information from me... then please excuse the Silent Workaholic to resume her recon work.
Paimon: Y—You... You go ahead. We'll leave you to it!
Traveler: Is your personal life that... mechanical, too?
Phonia: Hmm... You're the first one to point out my life is machine-like. I think that's great, living a routine life keeps me away from trouble.
Traveler: Just think of us as new friends...
Traveler: "Acoustic recon"?
Paimon: It sounds impressive... but it looks like you're just standing by the lake, not moving a muscle? Paimon doesn't see any equipment around, either.
Phonia: Good topic, Honorary Knight and The Helper in White. You have noticed how compact Captain Albedo's handcrafted equipment is. Hostiles won't be any to spot it either in the future!
Phonia: I have already deployed the recon equipment's active unit underwater. It utilizes a special wave... Anyway, it surveys the nearby area with the help of Hydro.
Phonia: I'm wearing the unit's receiver in my ears, and it's about the size of regular earplugs. The detection signal of the active unit is transmitted directly to me.
Phonia: With these sound signals, I am able to analyze the locations of all Anglers and lock onto their nests by plotting their path and information on the map. Then, Ematol can come in and eradicate them in one go.
Traveler: That amazing?
Paimon: It's almost like magic!
Phonia: Truly incredible alchemical creations appear no different from magic to the untrained eye. When other technologies reach a certain maturity, similar high-level creations will also be created.
Phonia: For example, I heard Fontaine manufactures large volumes of clockwork tech-based... humanoid machines. They can even take on the responsibility of defending the city. That also seems like magic to me.
Phonia: But I digress... Anyway, according to Captain Albedo, after a few discussions with Jean and the other captains, they reached a consensus...
Phonia: "The combat capabilities of the Knights of Favonius must be steadily improved with the minimum budget."
Traveler: Improve your combat capabilities?
Phonia: Yeah. The intermittent reports from the expedition team have given us a clearer picture of our far away enemies. Some are just too powerful for our knights to handle effectively at their current skill level.
Phonia: The Knights of Favonius must continue to improve, striving for zero casualties and minimal resource consumption while eradicating potential invaders of Mondstadt and protecting everyone. For this purpose, there are no standards that are too high.
Paimon: But how is that related to what you're doing now...? Like this "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation?
Phonia: Good question, Helper in White. To put it simply, the conclusion from the meeting at that time was "information."
Phonia: The most cost efficient way to improve is by enhancing the knights' ability to acquire information, allowing them to gain the initiative on the battlefield and engage enemies from a more advantageous positions at the proper time.
Traveler: I see! So you're testing out new equipment!
Phonia: I'm impressed, Honorary Knight. Communicating with you is indeed efficient and straightforward.
Phonia: My job in the investigation team, a Signals Officer, and the equipment I'm using, are some of the earliest products of the Knights of Favonius' plan to improve our combat capabilities.
Phonia: The equipment shares similar design principles with the survey device Captain Albedo provided Mika with. This one has better battery life, increased accuracy against small targets, and is more convenient to use.
Phonia: As one of the first Signals Officers trained to use this equipment, I am responsible for being a military instructor, training a large cohort of Signals Officers for the frontline.
Phonia: Ideally, a few Signals Officers will be assigned to each platoon. They will use detection equipment to acquire information about enemies while they are still distant, allowing them to utilize the intelligence to deploy the most advantageous tactics.
Paimon: Now Paimon's lost... Why make something as simple as a fight so complicated!? When we see enemies, we prefer the hands-on approach and just go at them...
Traveler: If we win, pure glee.
Phonia: You are heroes. We are cannon fodder. We're different.
Phonia: To avoid being cannon fodder torn to pieces by heroes like you, we regular knights have to actually use our brains. At least... we put some distance between us before you come charging over.
Phonia: Being easily trampled on isn't acceptable. We knights are tasked with the protection of Mondstadt. We can't afford to be reckless.
Paimon: Hey! How can you say something so demoralizing with a straight face!?
Paimon: Still, you've got a point. We never considered that... The opponents we've defeated might actually be warriors, who actually trained hard every day...
Traveler: Warriors must have the dignity of a warrior!
Phonia: Thank you for the encouragement, and for taking notice of a regular knight like me. I hope to one day fight by your side.
Traveler: Carry on with the testing, Signals Officer!
Traveler: If we lose, we flee.
Traveler: I still don't get what it has to do with you...
Phonia: Perhaps I talked too much about the nature of the issue, which might be too broad... Back to the topic at hand, I am testing new equipment.
Traveler: Minimum budget?
Phonia: Yes. We are currently at peace, so before the Knights of Favonius approve any military-related budget, we have to consider the impact on the civilians. Our citizens' needs come first, and we can use what's left for military improvements.
Phonia: Under such conditions, Mora must be spent only when necessary. Therefore, we need to verify which aspects to enhance that will bring about the highest improvement on overall combat capabilities.
Traveler: We'll leave you be. Goodbye!
Phonia: Take care! If you encounter the others, please remind them to keep a low profile. Thanks!