# Talk Dialog

Haniyyah: Judging by your faces, it seems like you two still have some questions, yes?
Haniyyah: Don't worry, you can be more casual with me. You've both helped me a great deal, so I'll tell you all I know.
Traveler: So, about keeping the Fungi...
Paimon: Yeah, that's what we wanted to ask about.
Paimon: We didn't take Bongo-Head with us previously for fairness's sake, so it wouldn't look like we were making ourselves the exception to the final decision.
Paimon: It's been some time since the tournament, though, so if we're able to communicate with our shroom buddies without having to rely on Wisdom Orbs...
Paimon: We can keep Bongo-Head with us, can't we?
Haniyyah: I have considered that as well, yes.
Haniyyah: Supposing that you could find a place devoid of other residents or animals, this would be fine — in theory.
Haniyyah: Although our Fungi friends are quite well-behaved, they might be angered if challenged by animals like Forest Boars.
Traveler: We have the Serenitea Pot.
Paimon: But we do have guests and animals in there at times, don't we?
Paimon: Tubby would be really troubled if the Fungi were to get into fights with the other animals...
Paimon: Perhaps we should ask Tubby first. Maybe she'd have some ideas!
Haniyyah: I'm also looking for new security measures, such as road signs or fences that have special spores on them that will cause Fungi to automatically remain within a specific area.
Haniyyah: Perhaps we might be able to separate the living areas of the Fungi from that of other animals, thus preventing conflict.
Haniyyah: If something looks particularly promising, I'll inform you right away.
Traveler: Alright then, let's all do our best!
Paimon: Thanks, Haniyyah!
Traveler: The Realm Within is quite spacious.
Traveler: Tell me more about the Marvelous Jellies...
Haniyyah: Not to worry, I commissioned Ms. Najah from the Amurta to make these, and they serve as rations for the Fungi.
Haniyyah: The Jellies don't contain any medicinal components, only nutritional ones.
Haniyyah: We can use these Jellies to avoid the Fungi absorbing too many nutrients from the soil, which will prevent them from spoiling rainforest ecosystems.
Haniyyah: We can also add components to the Jellies according to the personalities of each Fungus to improve their mood.
Paimon: Ooh, so you can do that too, huh? We can try to figure out Bongo-Head's favorite flavor, then?
Traveler: Do you want to give it a go, Paimon?
Paimon: Nah! Floral Jellies and Marvelous Jellies all look pretty delicious, but Paimon's not so hard up that she'd need to eat food meant for Fungi!
Paimon: Well, let's feed Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy some Marvelous Jellies later, shall we?
Traveler: I'd like to hear your review once you're done eating it...
Traveler: So, about your funding...
Paimon: Paimon's got the same concerns, Haniyyah. Have you encountered any lack of Mora while taking care of the Fungi all this time?
Haniyyah: Please do not worry.
Haniyyah: I can secure food via fishing and hunting in the rainforest, and our shroom buddies can get the nutrients they need from the soil.
Haniyyah: Other than clothes, daily necessities, and the funds required to make Marvelous Jellies, I don't really have many expenses to worry about.
Haniyyah: I still have quite a large amount of savings left over from my work training Sumpter Beasts for merchant caravans. I've got enough for decades, even.
Paimon: W—Wow... So that's what it's like to be a professional beast tamer!
Traveler: If you need anything, just let us know.
Haniyyah: I appreciate the sentiment. I promised to take good care of our shroom friends. As long as nothing goes awry, I won't add to your burdens.
Paimon: Huh, y'know what? That's kinda reassuring. When the opportunity comes around, let's treat Haniyyah to a nice meal plus some improved rations for our Fungi friends!
Traveler: We'll do our best to support you.
Traveler: We'll see you later.
Haniyyah: No problem. I'll be here, and you're free to drop by any time.