# Talk Dialog

Matsuzaka: It's not here either...
Saika: Uhh, Yoimiya... A—Are you sure the Great Mujina's nearby?
Saika: If so, d—does that mean we're in its territory now? Oh, I—I'm scared...
Yoimiya: Don't be scared! There's a whole group of us here, and we brought lots of fireworks too. If anything, the Great Mujina Youkai is the one that should be afraid!
Iwao: Yep, and Tartaglia is watching our backs! There's nothing to be afraid of...
Traveler: Um, sorry to interrupt...
Matsuzaka: Ahh! Yoimiya!
Saika: Aah! Yoimiya! Yoimiya!
Iwao: Tartaglia, help! It's the Great Mujina Youkai!
Yoimiya: #That's not a youkai! It's {NICKNAME}. You've met {F#her}{M#him} before, remember?
Traveler: Are you tracking the Great Mujina Youkai?
Yoimiya: That's right, the Great Mujina Youkai has been getting pretty bold lately. It's even starting to trick people in broad daylight.
Yoimiya: Not only did it scribble all over Iwao's homework and get him in trouble at school, it also stole Saika's snacks and broke Matsuzaka's toys.
Traveler: (Sounds like the kids are the ones behind all this...)
Iwao: Yeah, that's why we're here with Yoimiya! We're gonna chase that Great Mujina Youkai away for good!
Traveler: About Tartaglia...
Yoimiya: Oh, him. Um... We specially invited him to be our "Anti-Mujina Specialist."
Yoimiya: Fireworks can only do so much... They may scare it away, but if we want it gone for good, we need the help of a real professional.
Iwao: Tartaglia is so cool! He becomes like a watery blur when he fights. All you hear is WOOSH WOOSH POW! And then all the monsters are defeated!
Iwao: *sigh* If only he could teach me a few of his moves...
Yoimiya: Well, why don't we ask him after we've taken down the Great Mujina Youkai!
Yoimiya: But right now, our priority is to search for evidence of this youkai and trace it back to its lair.
Iwao: And then... we'll be able to tackle it head on! Right, Yoimiya?
Yoimiya: That's right. We'll defeat it together!
Traveler: Uh, Tartaglia is actually...
Yoimiya: Shh, keep your voice down. Don't let Iwao and the others hear you.
Yoimiya: He's one of the Fatui Harbingers, right? Sakujirou mentioned him to me before... and I heard about everything that happened in Liyue, too.
Yoimiya: I know that he might be dangerous... But he saved Iwao, and the kids all warmed up to him right away. He even happily agreed to help us find the Great Mujina Youkai.
Yoimiya: I've heard that the Fatui are all really scary and dangerous... You know, like the kind of people you'd want to avoid the moment you lay eyes on them.
Yoimiya: But Tartaglia isn't like that at all, he's really nice to the kids. He even had an in-depth discussion with them about the Great Mujina Youkai's combat skills...
Yoimiya: From my point of view, it doesn't seem like he's just pretending to be nice. I think the kids would agree — they believe he's a kind, reliable grown-up.
Yoimiya: No matter what Tartaglia's true identity might be... he's doing something good right now, and I think he deserves to be treated accordingly.
Yoimiya: But don't worry, I'm not gonna let my guard down!
Traveler: Just let me know if you run into any trouble.
Yoimiya: Okay, thanks! It's great to have you around.
Traveler: No need to worry, I can deal with him.
Traveler: Tartaglia's true identity is...
Traveler: (It's probably the kids pulling pranks on each other...)
Traveler: Look! It's the Great Mujina Youkai!