# Talk Dialog

Ematol: Teeheehee! What a wonderfully executed mission! Perhaps... the Captain will allow me to write the training manual when we create a "bomb squad"!
Traveler: How is the mission progressing?
Paimon: Judging from how proudly you're talking to yourself, the mission must be going swimmingly?
Ematol: Oh! Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, I'm happy to report that the mission to "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" has been completed!
Ematol: Phonia has double-checked and confirmed that I have cleared out all the Angler nests. Not a single fish slipped through our net!
Ematol: However, there were a few nests that were quite tough. I had to use multiple bombs to get rid of them. The heavy rocks were really difficult to deal with.
Ematol: No wonder all the Spark Knight's bombs, large or small, have such a high ratio of explosive charge to weight! It's all about ensuring sufficient detonation pressure to crack hardened targets! She is so incredible!
Traveler: Great job!
Paimon: Great. More technobabble that we can't understand...
Ematol: However, strictly speaking, charge quantity isn't the answer to everything. The primary issue is that explosive energy disperses in every direction and is not focused in a single direction.
Ematol: Could a cone-shaped casing be used to concentrate the explosive energy so it would penetrate thick defenses...?
Ematol: Then a cone-shaped case like that would have to be made of sturdy metal... That's something I need to research...
Ematol: Right! With the extra bonus from this operation and a week's salary, I'll treat the Spark Knight to a few grand meals to thank her for her contributions to the operation...
Ematol: And also discuss with her how to make a type of bomb with a new structure that can focus the explosive energy... Heheheh...
Traveler: What's with that sudden shift!?
Paimon: Yeah! It's great that you want to treat Klee to a meal, but you're the one who did all the work.
Paimon: Wouldn't you feel you did all that work for nothing if you just give away everything that you earned through your own hard work and time to others?
Ematol: Nothing of the sort! Everything I know about bombs, I either learned from the Spark Knight or I was inspired by her to invent it myself!
Ematol: If the Spark Knight hadn't shown me her bombs and explained so much about them, I'd still be... a regular knight without neither strength of arm nor skill with a blade.
Ematol: And I wouldn't have been able to complete the mission this time!
Ematol: That's why I honestly feel the credit for the success of this mission belongs to the Spark Knight! The Spark Knight is not interested in Mora, but she's definitely into food!
Paimon: W—Wow! Such irrefutable, solid logic!
Traveler: Woohoo! The Spark Knight has a new apprentice!
Ematol: Shh! It's not like that, really!
Ematol: The Spark Knight shall always be completely free. A bond like that between master and apprentice, that would be a constraint upon the Spark Knight! I do not wish to impose such trouble on her!
Ematol: At most I'll just... Well... Observe the Spark Knight from afar and study how she crafts and deploys bombs...
Ematol: Right! Just treat me as a copycat bombmaker in the wild!
Traveler: Woohoo! Klee's student's going to pay for the meal!
Traveler: You jumped to that topic way too quickly!
Traveler: That's difficult to understand...
Traveler: You are...
Ematol: Ematol, Weapons Specialist of the investigation team, reporting to the Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White!
Ematol: You may have heard of me, but since you're captain-level heroes who've seen many knights, so it's understandable if you don't remember me!
Ematol: If you don't mind, please allow me to give you a brief introduction to some of my responsibilities in the investigation team...
Ematol: "In addition to basic military intelligence reports, we also investigate, collect, and analyze combat-related data of the Knights, finding ways to continuously improve tactics and combat capabilities."
Ematol: Therefore, learning the habits of the Knights and modifying their weapons and equipment are both part of our responsibilities.
Ematol: The so-called Weapons Specialist, in truth, is a knight who is responsible for testing experimental weapons.
Ematol: I was sent to carry out the mission to "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers." I am happy to report that I have successfully eradicated all the invasive Anglers in Cider Lake, and have had the chance to test out a prototype bomb...
Ematol: I am completely satisfied!
Traveler: So you must also be a skilled combatant?
Ematol: Not at all. I know nothing about combat. If I were to take up a sword, even a wild boar could take on twenty of me.
Paimon: ?
Traveler: ?
Ematol: But I'm tougher than nails! Haha!
Ematol: When I was trying to analyze the formula for Jumpy Dumpty, I went through... Let me count... 27 incidents, and the blast sent me flying in 19 of them!
Ematol: But after bandaging myself up and applying splints, I returned to the team's garrison the next day and went back to work!
Ematol: My colleagues were very understanding and helped me keep the incidents hidden from Captain Albedo. Otherwise, I would've missed out on work!
Ematol: Following the Sparks is not for the faint of heart or the undisciplined!
Traveler: You don't have to push yourself that hard...
Paimon: Now Paimon's really worried about this Knight's mental state... If we get a chance, we should ask Albedo to keep an eye on her.
Paimon: Caring about nothing but your work is a bit much!
Traveler: You could've asked your Captain for some leave...
Traveler: Are you also a Master of Weaponry?
Traveler: (Let's just sneak away.)
Paimon: (She's obviously too happy to care about anything else... Let's just leave her be...)