# Talk Dialog

Ajaw: Mwahaha, at long last! The almighty dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw has shattered that which bound him, and graces the world with his majestic presence once more!
Kinich: Hope you've learned your lesson.
Paimon: Kinich! We didn't expect to see you here!
Ajaw: Oh... it's you two little... things.
Paimon: Whoa! You little... how are you still so arrogant!?
Ajaw: Hmph. Forget it. I'll let that slide for now, as I happen to be in a good mood today.
Kinich: I had him locked up before, and just released him, so...
Paimon: Oh! So you just let him out? No wonder!
Ajaw: Released, shmeleased! I totally was the one who broke free!
Ajaw: Besides, Kinich, not like you even know what's good for yourself anyway. If these two chumps had an unfortunate accident, couldn't you make a fortune out of saving them?
Kinich: Enough of your blustering.
Traveler: It's fine. That's just how Ajaw is.
Ajaw: Hmph! Looks like someone is only half-blind.
Kinich: Are the two of you here because of graffiti?
Paimon: Wha—? Kinich, how'd you know that?
Kinich: Members of the Graffiti Alliance have been active around here lately. There was some concern they might encounter danger while at work, and so I was commissioned to come look.
Kinich: Though with you here, there was never a need to worry in the first place.
Ajaw: Hey, that's right! This pasty little pixie doesn't even have the right to draw graffiti, much less get herself in danger!
Paimon: Hey! Just what're you trying to say?
Ajaw: It's a rule of the Scions of the Canopy: Only those who pass the trial have the right to draw graffiti! You've gotta be brave enough to leap from the peaks over there, but do you have the guts?
Paimon: Isn't that just bungee jumping? Paimon's heard of it, just an extreme sport, nothing special.
Ajaw: Oho, this is no ordinary extreme sport! It's a trial, you see, a trial!
Paimon: So how's it different then?
Ajaw: You don't even know that? Pathetic. Fine, I'm willing to waste some of my precious time helping you be a bit less ignorant.
Traveler: Wow, you'd really do something nice for someone?
Ajaw: First, before you start climbing, you've gotta show your bravery by dumping everything but your clothes at the foot of the mountain. That means no ropes, no knives, no wind gliders, no nothing!
Ajaw: If you bring anything, even the teeniest doo-dad, it counts as disrespecting the trial and you instantly fail! Once you reach the summit, you've gotta run around it three times, and then...
Paimon: And then what?
Ajaw: Then you leap! And then you relax your whole body.
Paimon: Doesn't that just mean you fall down the mountain!?
Ajaw: Naw, you'd be fine! If even an iota of what I said was false, then may I immediately be imprison— HEY! Wait, servant, what're you doing, a—
Paimon: Huh? Kinich, he was just getting to the most important part! Why'd you lock him up?
Kinich: Paimon, we generally call jumping off a high cliff without a rope "suicide."
Kinich: The reason for his earlier confinement was because he attempted to trick members of the Graffiti Alliance into jumping off cliffs.
Paimon: Argh! That loathsome little lizard! He was up to no good after all! He deserves to get locked up again!
Kinich: My apologies to both of you. In any case, please do pay attention to your safety around here. I still need to patrol a few other areas, so I'll be taking my leave now.
Kinich: As for the members of the Graffiti Alliance, don't you worry. I'll handle their safety.
Paimon: Okay! Hopefully it won't be too much trouble.
Kinich: No trouble at all. It's part of the commission, after all.
Kinich: As for Ajaw, after his time out is over, I'll let him experience the thrill of ropeless bungee jumping for himself.
Traveler: Where's the real Ajaw and what'd you do with him?
Traveler: It's fine. I'm not the type to stoop to squabbling with little things like him.
Ajaw: I'm no "little thing"!