# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Nahida: #May I start with a question, {NICKNAME}? Do you really enjoy collecting things?
Nahida: Sometimes you remind me of a Sumpter Beast, plodding along with a big pack full of materials and supplies.
Nahida: I'm quite curious. You already have more than enough resources to last a lifetime, so why do you keep bringing everything with you?
Nahida: And why do you still collect even more during your travels?
Traveler: You're right. It's because I enjoy it.
Nahida: Mm, yes, I thought so. Okay, that makes sense.
Nahida: People do sometimes act irrationally for the sake of pursuing their interests.
Nahida: Just like the Forest Boar that fell in love with a Shroom-Kin. It changed its own form just to ensure the Shroom-Kin's survival.
Nahida: In the end, they were eaten together as a delicacy... Um, but that's besides the point.
Nahida: I don't feel one way or another about collecting, but since it's something you enjoy, I'd like to join in and see what it's like.
Nahida: I want to travel across this vast land with you, experience everything you enjoy, and do all the things you do.
Nahida: Will you indulge my curiosity... and will you accept my request?
Traveler: Of course I will.
Nahida: Then let's face the sun and pick the first Mint we find.
Traveler: It's a promise.
Traveler: I'd say it's more of a habit than a hobby.
Nahida: A habit? Oh, I see.
Nahida: So what about forging weapons, cooking, and making Condensed Resin? They're useful behaviors that benefit you. Is that why they've turned into habits as well?
Traveler: That sounds about right.
Nahida: So what about... making lots of friends, helping them solve their problems, and reading their letters from front to back? Are those habits, too?
Traveler: Well, not exactly...
Nahida: Don't worry, I'm not trying to pry, and I wouldn't let something like that affect what I think of you.
Nahida: I know there are definitely good reasons for your behavior. I'm only asking out of curiosity.
Nahida: Since you are also driven by emotions, maybe you can understand my thoughts right now.