# Talk Dialog

Amber: Hey, you two! You're doing such a great job managing this place! I never imagined you'd be so good at this too!
Traveler: As long as you're enjoying yourself, Amber!
Paimon: That's right! Valerina also orders food from Good Hunter, so Amber, you can stay here and play when you're on vacation!
Paimon: Oh! Speaking of work, have you finished all your recent missions, Amber? When you were asking Bunny about the weather... Was it because you have to go out on gliding patrol soon?
Amber: Relax, no need to worry! I won't be going out on patrol today. I was just asking Bunny about the weather to make conversation, that's all!
Amber: I'm here today for two reasons! First, to satisfy my own curiosity, and second, to help a friend...
Amber: I have a friend who's very skilled at making handicrafts, and used to make all kinds of toys for kitties and doggies. Many of the furnishings at The Cat's Tail were made by her!
Amber: After I heard about the Furball Fortress, she contacted Valerina, and supplied some furniture and toys — the very same ones you see here, in fact!
Amber: What I didn't imagine was that Valerina couldn't bear to accept donations, and insisted on paying her.
Amber: Now that the Fortress is a few days into its trial opening, my friend wants to understand whether or not the cats like her toys, but she doesn't really have time, and she doesn't understand cats very well either...
Amber: So I'm here to conduct an on-the-spot inspection! And the results are in. Full marks!
Paimon: If even the person making cat toys can't communicate with them, how'd you manage it, Amber?
Traveler: Natural talent?
Amber: #I don't know either... Maybe you're right, Traveler — those do both sound like good reasons. But maybe there's another, and that's my duties as an Outrider?
Amber: Outriders are different from scouts, who need to both quickly obtain intelligence on the enemy, but also strike first. Outriders need to do their best to stay out of sight and use every means at their disposal to gather intel.
Amber: Sometimes, the chirping of birds, the bouncing of squirrels, and the grunting of boars can tell me what I need to know about monsters.
Amber: If I'm lucky, animals that are familiar with me will come up and warn me of monsters of their own accord when they see me in areas I often patrol.
Amber: Whether they do it by chirping, bouncing, or grunting, they all mean pretty much the same thing: "Oooh, scary! There's bad guys over there!"
Amber: Compared to those sensitive wild animals, the cats outside are really easy to communicate with, never mind these super well-behaved little kitties in the Furball Fortress!
Paimon: P—Paimon never imagined that Outriders would have to master skills like those... If it was Paimon, she'd probably get dizzy just trying to listen for a little while!
Amber: Oh, it's not some essential skill! It's just something I've picked up from my experiences. For an Outrider, the most important skill to master is using a wind glider.
Amber: #On that note, Traveler, your wind glider skills haven't gotten rusty in your long absence from Mondstadt, have they?
Traveler: Would you like to test me personally, Instructor Amber?
Amber: Now that's the spirit! That's what I like to see!
Amber: The next time we meet, I'll be sure to give you a real test!
Amber: If your skills really are even sharper than before, then I'll personally make you some Sticky Honey Roast!
Paimon: Yay! Amber's Sticky Honey Roast!
Paimon: #Let's find a time to practice a bit more soon, Traveler! You've gotta make sure you can back your boasts up!
Traveler: My gliding skills soar upward by the second!
Traveler: You practiced with Baron Bunny?
Traveler: What kind of cats do you like, Amber?
Amber: Me? I'm not really sure myself...
Amber: Each cat is cute in its own way, so it's really hard to compare...
Paimon: That's true! Fur color, build, fur patterns, eyes, ears... There are combinations of characteristics beyond count! If Paimon had to choose, she wouldn't be able to pick either...
Amber: Though when you put it that way, I don't think I've ever seen a red cat...
Traveler: A red cat?
Paimon: If there really were red cats, Paimon bets they'd be super energetic and wreck the whole house if they got upset...
Amber: Well, Teyvat's a big place! You can find all manner of amazing and mysterious things here.
Amber: Just think about it— There are slimes of all different elements and colors, so maybe there are cats with all sorts of fantastic and exotic colors in some place we've never heard of...
Amber: Yeah! Y'know, the Grand Master's really experienced and knowledgeable, so maybe he's seen some during his travels!
Amber: Once he comes back, let's find an opportunity to sit down and talk together — we can ask him then!
Traveler: A Pyro Kitty!
Traveler: Thanks for the compliments! We'll keep at it!
Amber: Yeah! But don't forget to rest. Try not to tire yourself and Paimon out!