# Talk Dialog

Kujou Sara: ...Though the festival has yet to begin, the game development process is sure to attract a crowd.
Kujou Sara: It is the Tenryou Commission's responsibility to maintain security and order throughout the entirety of the proceedings. So, remain vigilant. Understood?
Haruto: Yes, Ma'am!
Paimon: Hey, Sara!
Kujou Sara: Oh, it's you. It's been a while.
Paimon: You guys are here early! There's still three whole days until the festival starts...
Kujou Sara: Correction — there's a little over forty-eight hours. Besides, many patrons are already here to observe the development process. Festival security starts now.
Paimon: Wait, but what about the Statue of the, uh... Almighty... Narukami, uh... Ogo— Eh, you know the one. Won't you miss out on it again?
Traveler: Want us to buy one for you?
Kujou Sara: ...Heh, no need. All Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder being sold at this event are an old model.
Kujou Sara: And as it turns out... I already own five of said model at home.
Paimon: Ah, okay... Well, that's definitely more than enough...
Kujou Sara: Yes, I only own five Statues of Her Excellency at any given time. That is my maximum.
Kujou Sara: Any more, and I'm afraid I would not be able to afford them the proper care.
Paimon: Oh, THAT'S the reason?
Kujou Sara: ...Personal matters aside, I heard you are the representative for this event. You should proceed to the stage and speak with the Lady Guuji.
Paimon: Oh, right... Looks like we're running out of time. Let's go, then! See you later, Sara.
Kujou Sara: Goodbye.
Inoue: ...Ma'am! We have a message from Commission headquarters. They need you to return as soon as possible!
Kujou Sara: Headquarters...? Now, of all times? Alright, keep watch in my absence. I won't be long.
Yae Miko: Ah, you're here! Now, we can get the ball rolling...
Traveler: Are we late?
Yae Miko: Right on time, I'd say. I was just about to announce the theme for the games.
Traveler: Uhh, what's that thing behind you...?
Yae Miko: Oh, this? Just a little something to spice things up.
Yae Miko: So... stay tuned!
Thoma: Hmm... We should be getting close, right?
Sayu: So sleepy... Can't wait any more...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A theme decided by Miko and the Yashiro Commission... What's it gonna be...?
Yae Miko: One thing we all share... is our capacity to dream.
Yae Miko: Outlandish fantasies of the mind, nostalgic memories of the past, or telling reflections of our inner selves...
Yae Miko: In a similar sense, games also blur the lines between fantasy and reality. Just like our dreams, the bounds of possibility are as limitless as our imagination.
Yae Miko: ...With that in mind, your task is to create a game within the next forty-eight hours centered around the theme of "dreams." The genre and style are completely up to you...
Paimon: Okay... Nothing too crazy so far...
Yae Miko: And, to provide some additional motivation...
Yae Miko: The winning team will be awarded the Tanuki Game Award!
Yae Miko: As well as a generous sum of Mora... AND a sponsorship from Yae Publishing House to fully develop the game and promote it throughout all Inazuma!
"Kichiboushi": Mm!?
"Shousei": A—All Inazuma!?
"Gyoubu Koban": Thump thump... *squeal*!?
Yae Miko: In the interest of fairness, the evaluation committee will decide the winner based on attendee feedback as well as the opinion of our festival representative.
Yae Miko: Now, with that out of the way, let the game development begin! The forty-eight hour countdown... begins now.
Black Screen Text: Although Miko's sudden announcement leaves people reeling, the teams quickly get to work...
Yae Miko: Hm, looks like things are going well. We've just started, and it seems like all our teams have a plan.
Yae Miko: Plus, with the transformative powers of the bake-danuki, bringing those visions to fruition should be a lot easier.
Yae Miko: As the festival's most important judge and representative... You should go check on the progress, don't you think?
Traveler: I really didn't see that coming...
Yae Miko: It all comes down to fairness, as I said. I worked with the Yashiro Commission to come up with the theme, so the judging must go to someone else.
Yae Miko: No need to stress, though. It's all fun and games, is it not? Just choose the one you enjoy the most.
Yae Miko: Of course, if it's appearances you're worried about, you could always... Oh, I don't know... check in on the teams and ask about their ideas?
Traveler: What do you mean "appearances"?
Yae Miko: Hehe, and that proves that I picked the right person. Go on, then — I won't keep you.
Traveler: I plan to take this seriously, like I always do.
Traveler: Me as the main judge? Really?