# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Faruzan: Speaking of "chatting"... I once contemplated this concept in quite some depth.
Faruzan: So here's a question for you: What sets conversation apart from other means of information exchange — such as a debate, or passing on a message?
Traveler: The goal of "chatting" is to get to know somebody?
Faruzan: Mm-hmm, that's exactly right.
Faruzan: We want to learn more about the other person's feelings, opinions, and preferences. Plus, conversing also allows us to share interesting experiences, as well as ease each other's burdens.
Faruzan: The exact topic of the conversation doesn't matter as long as you're learning about the other person.
Faruzan: Or to put it another way, every topic matters. For those who care about you, even the most trivial things about your life will be worth their full attention.
Faruzan: Alas. I regret to say in the past, I have never had the time to consider the value of conversation.
Faruzan: Day after day, I shut myself in and toiled away at my research... Even when I was out traveling in foreign lands, I made sure to keep my letters to friends and family short and to the point. I never shared any bad news, only the good.
Faruzan: I dare say that I earned the title of a scholar. Yet I cannot call myself a good daughter, student, or friend.
Traveler: Don't say that, Madam Faruzan...
Faruzan: Thank you for your concern.
Faruzan: Whew... But there's no need to fret. You know me, I'm not one to dwell endlessly on the past...
Faruzan: I say all this only as a reminder to myself:
Faruzan: It's important to appreciate what you have in the here and now... to value and cherish the people you are close to.
Traveler: I can't agree more!
Faruzan: Alright, there's no need to flatter me. If you agree with my sentiments, why don't you help me put them into practice?
Faruzan: As someone I greatly value, you may occasionally find yourself in receipt of a letter from me, or indeed I may approach directly for a face-to-face conversation.
Faruzan: ...I just hope you won't find me to be excessively chatty.
Traveler: Well said, Madam Faruzan!