# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Ioroi! We're back!
Ioroi: *snore*... Keep it down... Bringing all these people at this hour... Don't you know even statues... need to... sleep...
Ioroi: Sh—Shogun! I bow before thee... No, wait... Shoot! I'm still a statue... What should I—
Ei: All is well, Ioroi, Hidden Protector of the Grove.
Traveler: I've never seen Ioroi so afraid...
Yae Miko: Ah, that would be because, when Ioroi tried to pluck a Naku Weed from the imperial garden, Ei nearly split him in two... Yashiori Island style...
Ioroi: ...Keep it to yourself, you meddlesome kitsune!
Ei: ...Ioroi, I wish to ask you something.
Ioroi: ...Anything, Shogun! Absolutely anything! It is my honor to answer!
Paimon: Heh, suck-up...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Phew... You could have at least slowed down a little... It took forever to convince them to come with me...
Tetsunosuke: Ah! It's Ioroi!
Kinkaku: ...The humans really did kill you!
Ginkaku: ...Your body is stone!
Ioroi: Huh!? I am not dead!
Ginkaku: Not... dead? The kitsune spoke the truth?
Tetsunosuke: This smell... is Ioroi! Ioroi is alive?
Kinkaku: Ioroi! The humans really did seal you away!
Ioroi: Wait, this must be... Kinkaku... Ginkaku.... and Tetsunosuke? You weren't sealed away?
Tetsunosuke: Hmph... When the human, Kamuna Harunosuke, came to hurt us...
Ginkaku: We ran and hid... The human searched and searched... So many friends couldn't move. Our youkai powers were getting weaker...
Kinkaku: So, we decided to escape the human just as the great bake-danuki Tsukumo taught us — by digging a hole in the ground!
Tetsunosuke: That's when we uncovered a horn filled with youkai power! It was the will of the great bake-danuki Giichiro made manifest!
Kinkaku: It restored our power! And we made the human go thump thump, clang clang, slash slash!
Ioroi: Ooh! And by thump thump, clang clang, slash slash, you mean...
Kinkaku: ...We tricked him and ran!
Ioroi: ...So, you didn't actually beat him up at all...
Ginkaku: We've been using the horn to hide ever since... But, there are too many humans... It's getting harder to hide...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A horn full of youkai power... Could that be the source of the nightmares? The reason the bake-danuki are so afraid of humans?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If the horn contained the fragment of a nightmare, using its power to hide would spread the nightmare to them. That means, the bake-danuki have been trapped in this state of anxiety... for five hundred years...
Ioroi: Hah, I could have told you nothing good would come from that horn... Using external power is against the Tanuki path!
Kinkaku: Eek! We... strayed from the path?
Ginkaku: But... the horn helped us hide from the humans! The humans tried to take our land...
Ei: ...On the contrary, the purpose of the investigation was to determine in advance if youkai were present on the land in question.
Ei: Whether we avoid encroaching on youkai territory altogether or attempt to reach a mutually beneficial agreement, a peaceful resolution was always the goal.
Tetsunosuke: Oh... really?
Ginkaku: Wait... that IS what the human said back then, isn't it...
Kiritani: ...By order of the shogun, if youkai live here, we need to discuss the proposal...