# Talk Dialog

Traveler: We meet again...
Jala: Oh, it's you two!
Jala: I'm sorry! When I mentioned releasing the fish, I should have gotten down on my knees and admitted my terrible mistake...
Jala: I had no idea the Anglers I released had no natural enemies in Cider Lake and were multiplying so quickly, almost to the point of destroying the lake's ecosystem!
Paimon: Huh? Uh... Um... You did do something bad to Mondstadt... But why are you apologizing to us?
Jala: Because I caused you a lot of trouble too! You had to come all this way just to arrest me... It must be exhausting carrying me back to Mondstadt!
Jala: If only I had come to my senses earlier and willingly gone back to Mondstadt to give myself up... Wait, no, if only I realized what I had done the moment I released them and just turned myself in to the Knights of Favonius...
Jala: Then I wouldn't have cost you so much time and effort... and the Knights of Favonius wouldn't have had to mobilize so many people to investigate.
Traveler: You're admitting your guilt and showing remorse quite sincerely!
Paimon: If you hadn't believed those rumors and refrained from releasing the fish in the first place, we wouldn't be in this mess...
Jala: True...
Jala: I left the Knights of Favonius headquarters not long ago... I was given a huge fine and a lecture...
Jala: Fortunately, the Knights of Mondstadt are capable and reliable. They handled it before it got out of control. Otherwise... Otherwise, I'd have become a villain, condemned by history for all time to come!
Jala: Though the Knights were all polite and nice, and they just patiently explained everything to me...
Jala: Mondstadters really are incredibly friendly. They didn't treat me very harshly, even though I made such a big mess...
Jala: There was a little girl in red who saw me crying by the road, and she even comforted me with lots of snacks...
Jala: I just feel so bad about what I did! I really regret it!
Paimon: Well, as long as you can learn from your mistakes. The issue has been resolved, so you don't have to be so hard on yourself now!
Traveler: Just don't go randomly releasing creatures again!
Jala: Of course! I will remember this lesson! Always!
Jala: Perhaps... I should donate another shipment to Mondstadt... and then go apologize in person to those Mondstadters who were affected by my actions...
Traveler: And remember to tell your friends that.
Traveler: Now I feel bad about resorting to violence...