# Talk Dialog

Yuften: Greetings, esteemed g—guest.
Yuften: *sigh* I h—heard about what happened with Azariq and Aderfi. I d—didn't think th—that Azariq would turn t—traitor too.
Yuften: W—we'd known each other f—for such a long t—time, too. What a shame...
Traveler: I'm sorry...
Yuften: I—it's okay. I—I just th—think it's a bit of a shame that they weren't brought b—back here to be executed.
Yuften: But I s—suppose I'll be able to find m—meat elsewhere.
Yuften: I—is there anything else y—you need?
Traveler: What are you up to?
Yuften: Planting crops and f—feeding the fish. Sometimes, I also do some b—b—butchery. Crocodile skin and meat is v—very useful.
Yuften: We get clean spring water all year around h—here, so it's just right for raising crocodiles. Th—that's why we fenced this place up.
Yuften: Crocodiles are easy to care for, and they can be harvested for lots of skins and meat. Unfortunately, f—fields are a d—different story...
Traveler: You have fields around here?
Yuften: We do... but only for testing. Matriarch Babel invited some outsiders to c—c—come and provide us with Anahitian Blessing, and she got all these old books from the city...
Yuften: S—s—so we've tried our hand at farming according to the contents of these books.
Yuften: But the oases in the canyon are too narrow and lack nutrients. We need to find a way to f—fertilize the soil.
Traveler: Tell me about the Anahitian Blessing...
Yuften: The outsiders didn't want to reveal the fertilizer's composition. As such, we've had to rely on the people who provide it to f—fertilize the soil... which isn't good.
Yuften: Th—that's why the Matriarch wants me to d—do some research here to r—reverse engineer our own Anahitian Blessing.
Traveler: I shan't disturb you any longer.
Touch: Th—that's alright. Please take some crocodile jerky, dear guest. It's just over there...
Traveler: Crocodiles, you say!?
Yuften: Hehe, yes. I—I take care of them. These are quite large and obedient...
Yuften: This one's c—c—called Sedim. Very fierce and strong, and skin's very vibrant. It'll make for a good satchel. And there's that one, Karam. It's small but plump. Rather gentle, too.
Traveler: No, it's no matter...
Yuften: Oh, o—okay then...