# Talk Dialog

Grandmaster Hanakado: O Great Oni King's Right hand, is there anything I might assist you with?
Traveler: Get me an Onikabuto!
Grandmaster Hanakado: Of course! That is well within my abilities!
Grandmaster Hanakado: However, it takes some time to assess the compatibility between an Onikabuto and a mighty beetle battler...
Grandmaster Hanakado: I've been able to guess more or less which sort of Onikabuto would suit your fighting style based on our previous battles. Of course, that's been quite the test of my abilities, too.
Grandmaster Hanakado: The matter of where I should go to capture such an Onikabuto is something I must give much thought to...
Grandmaster Hanakado: I will have to ask for your patience in this matter. Next we meet, I'll have the perfect answer ready for you!
Traveler: So, about the gift...
Grandmaster Hanakado: Ah, you mean the gift we're going to give to that great master?
Grandmaster Hanakado: To be honest, I haven't thought of any good ideas just yet...
Grandmaster Hanakado: That master was able to create that incredibly intricate Bloom Pruner, so perhaps, we could buy some exquisite machine processing equipment and pack it into a gift box. That might be satisfactory...
Grandmaster Hanakado: That said, I only have 2 million Mora on hand, so I doubt I'll be able to get my hands on the best stuff — it certainly wouldn't be good enough to catch that master's eye.
Grandmaster Hanakado: Besides, I'm not sure how long I'll be here in Liyue, and how much Mora I'll need for my own expenses. Gotta find some way to deepen my pockets...
Traveler: 2 million isn't a small sum, you know...
Grandmaster Hanakado: A small portion of it is my regular savings, but most of it was given to me by my grandfather.
Grandmaster Hanakado: He used to be a great adventurer in the past, and he was blessed with good luck every time he took his Onikabuto with him, leading him to discover large amounts of treasure.
Grandmaster Hanakado: That's why he greatly supports my beetle-battling career. He deposits some funds for me every so often, and I don't spend it willy-nilly. One day, I want to use it on something super important!
Grandmaster Hanakado: Earlier, I saw that the Arataki Gang's finances weren't doing so hot, so I tried to support the Oni King with some funds, but he refused me every time, saying...
Grandmaster Hanakado: "Nope, ain't no way we're letting our allies pay! Me and the gang have backbone, I'll have you know!"
Grandmaster Hanakado: I respect that spirit, so when I do get that gift for that great master, I'll report those expenses to the Oni King... No matter how many millions of Mora it adds up to!
Traveler: Is that money all yours?
Traveler: See you around, Grandmaster!
Grandmaster Hanakado: And you too, Oni King's Right Hand!