# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Sethos: Oh, you bet I do. A whole list!
Sethos: But, I didn't want to step on your toes, seeing as this is your place and all.
Traveler: Wh—What were you considering?
Sethos: Um, that maybe... we could... build a campsite?
Traveler: That sounds nice.
Sethos: R—Really? Awesome!
Sethos: Let me see... First, we'll need at least two tents.
Sethos: First one's for resting. We'll put thick cloth up around the walls to keep any noise out.
Sethos: We could even use that one for research or to organize our documents.
Sethos: The other tent will be a space to chat and play games. We can put picnic supplies and chairs near the entrance.
Sethos: The weather here seems pretty nice, so we shouldn't need any rain or wind protection...
Sethos: Then, I guess the only thing left would be adding some adventure to this place.
Traveler: Eh?
Sethos: No matter how beautiful the scenery, standing back and looking at it's gonna get old sometimes.
Sethos: You've got to get out there and enjoy it!
Sethos: And if there were mechanisms that we could use to jump, run, climb, or glide around this place, that would be the cherry on top!
Sethos: Install stuff like that, and whoosh! Nothing here would be off-limits.
Traveler: I could ask Tubby about that.
Sethos: Ah, you mean that little finch with the nice smile?
Sethos: Perfect! I've actually talked to her already. All that stuff she knows about housekeeping... Super impressive!
Sethos: I couldn't get her to tell me about all of her contraptions, but I understand. Every organization has its secrets... The Temple of Silence is like that too.
Sethos: Don't worry. I'll find a way.
Traveler: Turning this into an amusement park, are we?
Sethos: Perfect! Glad to have your stamp of approval!
Sethos: Well, I'll get designing, then. I'll let you know when the blueprints are ready.
Sethos: You can invite your other friends over once it's done. The more, the merrier!
Traveler: Whatever makes you happy. I've got more than enough space.