# Talk Dialog

Shikanoin Heizou: That's right! Because of the folk tale about doppelgangers, the culprit was able to incite panic without attacking anyone at all...
Shikanoin Heizou: But, after the Tenryou commission secured the venue, the culprit appeared in Inazuma City so that the panic would spread.
Kujou Sara: But, what is the end goal? Panic doesn't seem like enough of a motive...
Shikanoin Heizou: You're right, panic is a means to an end. But, I think the shift to Inazuma City proves something... Whatever their goal, terrorizing one location wasn't enough...
Shikanoin Heizou: And, since Inazuma City is their new target, the person they're impersonating at the festival... should be absent...
Shikanoin Heizou: Unless... the culprit found a way to cover their tracks and incite more panic...
Shikanoin Heizou: ...By leaving behind a "stand-in."
Youko (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): Ahh—!
Hitotsume Kozou (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): Ahh—!
Paimon: K—Kappa is... Kappa is made of wood!?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: No wonder I couldn't sense the nightmare!
Ei: I see... So, the doppelganger infiltrated the festival as Kappa and is currently hiding in Inazuma City... Is that correct?
Shikanoin Heizou: ...Not just that. Replacing one person wasn't enough... If multiple people are replaced at once, they can cover for each other.
Thoma: ...We didn't get to see each other much during the Test of Courage...
Paimon: Kozou and his two friends were together the whole time, too. They would have noticed if someone was acting weird.
Shikanoin Heizou: This kind of transformation is said to have a particular weakness... If the subject is frightened, the disguise starts to crumble. Isn't that right, "Youko" and "Hitotsume Kozou"?
Youko (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): !
Hitotsume Kozou (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): !
Paimon: ...I—It's a bake-danuki tail!
Tetsunosuke (???): Kinkaku! Ginkaku! Run!
Kinkaku (Kinkaku & Ginkaku): ...T—Tetsunosuke!
Ginkaku (Kinkaku & Ginkaku): ...T—Tetsunosuke!
Paimon: *coughing*... Th—They're getting away!
Ginkaku: Aren't you supposed to be in Inazuma City?
Tetsunosuke: ...And leave you two by yourselves? That's not the Tanuki way!
Kinkaku: ...No fighting! Let's go!