# Talk Dialog

Paimon: She's usually somewhere around here...
Yae Miko: Here for a fortune slip, little ones? Or visiting a friend?
Paimon: Whoa! Where did you come from...
Traveler: It's been a while, Lady Guuji.
Yae Miko: That was a little lukewarm. You're starting to sound a lot like her... But pleasantries aside, what's the matter? You look rather out of sorts.
Traveler: We need to locate someone.
Yae Miko: You may remember I dropped a not-so-subtle hint as to his whereabouts yesterday. You mean to tell me you still haven't found him?
Paimon: Aha, so you did bring him up on purpose!
Yae Miko: ...Let's not lose focus here. You're here to ask for my help. So, would you mind explaining the situation to me?
Paimon: Yeah, fair enough... We went to the place you mentioned, but he slipped through our fingers.
Paimon: Next thing we heard was, he's not seeing patients there anymore — apparently, he loves his peace and solitude... So obviously, we've got no idea where to find him now...
Yae Miko: *sigh* And after the lengths I went to to get you that location...
Paimon: Dunno if this helps, but we did learn some other stuff about him yesterday. For example, a guy matching Emura Ichigensai's description came to Mizuki for therapy once — only his name was "Emura Chuuya."
Yae Miko: Wait, what? Emura Chuuya?
Paimon: You know him?
Yae Miko: I once asked the Yae Publishing House to host an event for contributors to the readers' letters column. I had hoped it might be a fun chance to meet some like-minded people and chat... until he showed up.
Yae Miko: Are you telling me that Emura the hell-raiser and Emura the healer are the same person?
Paimon: Based on everything we've learned so far, it certainly looks that way.
Yae Miko: Alright. Well, in that case... give this address a try.
Paimon: Uh... Really? Who chooses to live in a place like that?
Yae Miko: This was the delivery address he gave to the Yae Publishing House once, when he placed an order for several dozen books in one go. He also requested to pay on receipt.
Yae Miko: The warehouse took one look and assumed it must be some kind of prank, so they rejected the order... Earning them an honorable mention in his complaint letter.
Yae Miko: Of course, with the benefit of hindsight, it's rather obvious why he lives there. Someone as antisocial as him wouldn't be welcome anywhere else.
Paimon: You've got a point... Well, we clearly made the right decision coming to talk to you!
Yae Miko: I'm just glad I could help my old friend.
Paimon: You mean Mizuki? So, you really do want to help her?
Yae Miko: I can tell that she's invested an awful lot into the Aisa Bathhouse. It's only natural for me to show some concern when I see a friend's business in trouble.
Paimon: Really? 'Cause yesterday, it looked more like you were looking for a fight...
Yae Miko: I assume Mizuki has told you that we're competitors?
Yae Miko: She has always believed that, ever since we were classmates. And now that I'm the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, I'm sure she must feel the need to prove herself through her endeavors at the Aisa Bathhouse.
Yae Miko: The last thing she'd want is for me of all people to swoop in and save the day the moment the going gets tough... So if I want to help, I have to be mindful of her feelings and tread delicately.
Traveler: It's rare to see you being so considerate...
Yae Miko: I'll take that as a compliment. Mizuki's always so considerate towards others — it would be nice for someone to reciprocate once in a while.
Traveler: Well, since you're in a difficult position...
Yae Miko: Well done, you took the hint. Now, while I'm sure you'd love to chat longer, you seemed to be in a great hurry when you arrived. Shouldn't you be on your way?
Paimon: Oh, right! C'mon, let's send a message to Mizuki right away!
Traveler: ...Maybe I can do the honors instead?
Traveler: Do you know where we can find Emura Ichigensai?