# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Furina: A chat, you say... A simple word, but a fascinating idea.
Furina: Through the power of words, people who are worlds apart can come to understand one another's innermost thoughts.
Furina: But conversations can come with a great risk as well. The deeper you let someone in, the more deeply they can wound you...
Furina: That's why people are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone.
Traveler: I wasn't expecting you to start philosophizing on the human condition...
Furina: Hey! I just gave a very moving speech! Is that all you can say!?
Furina: When one is blessed with both beauty and depth as I am, one naturally has many musings on the vicissitudes of life. All the best moments in opera are grounded in real-life observation.
Traveler: So... you're not a fan of chatting?
Furina: I didn't mean that... It popped into my head, that's all: "People are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone." And I thought wow, that's a good line...
Furina: Surely you've had that before too? You know, where you really wanna say something profound that makes everyone go: "Wow. That was deep."
Traveler: ...Okay, yeah. I've done that before.
Furina: Good! I appreciate your honesty. All it means is that you're well-suited to stand under the spotlight.
Furina: I've played so many solo performances in the past that I've gotten a bit bored of them. Why don't you join me? We can be a protagonist duo, and expand our repertoire...
Furina: Let me think for a second... What shows are popular right now that have a good role for you?
Furina: Ooh, I know! I saw a pretty decent opera the other day. Why don't we practise a few scenes together? C'mon, I'll do your makeup, we'll make it a dress rehearsal!
Traveler: Nope, never.
Furina: Are you serious? Surely I can't be the only one... No, nononono. I bet you just haven't realized how fun it is yet.
Furina: Why don't you give it a try? Just focus on what your feelings are telling you, and try to articulate that in a serious-sounding way.
Furina: Technically, it counts as a kind of performance — but don't let that get to you, there's no pressure. Just say whatever words come into your mind!
Traveler: "Life... is like a play that never ends."
Furina: Hmm... How should I put this... That was pretty good, for a beginner.
Furina: Starting out is always the hardest part. Keep practicing, and before you know it you'll be able to show all the sides of yourself that no one's ever seen before. Just like me.
Furina: When that time comes, we can rehearse together, maybe even work on a new script together. A lot of classics were made that way, you know. And doesn't it sound like fun?
Traveler: "As a prisoner in the Fortress of Meropide longs for the light of day, so is my yearning."