# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat?
Clorinde: Of course. Anything you want to talk about?
Traveler: How about a story from before you became a Champion Duelist?
Clorinde: Well, before I met Navia...
Traveler: Wait, you're going that far back!?
Clorinde: You wanted to hear a story from before I became a duelist, correct? I see no harm in starting there.
Clorinde: Anyway, before I met Navia, I lived with my Master. She was a powerful and strict woman who had a big impact on many parts of my childhood.
Clorinde: I was once terrified of monsters that are active at night. I felt like I could never predict or anticipate their attacks.
Clorinde: So, Master tied a piece of cloth around my eyes, pushed me into the woods, and announced that I was surrounded by a horde of monsters. She did this to teach me to react and respond to them with only sound and instinct as my guide.
Clorinde: I used to be afraid of being alone. I could never fall asleep without her by my side.
Clorinde: So, for quite some time, she forced me to train every day until I felt like I could no longer lift my arms. Only then would she allow me to rest.
Clorinde: As a result, seeing her face after I woke up soon turned into a nightmare rather than a comfort...
Clorinde: Before I knew it, I had become as tough as her.
Clorinde: Were I to take on my own apprentice, I'm not sure I could think of a better way to train them, and that thought scares me most of all.
Traveler: What about a fun tidbit from your work as a Champion Duelist?
Clorinde: My work as a Champion Duelist... Hmm.
Clorinde: In my profession, "work" and "fun" are two elements that rarely converge.
Clorinde: I've heard many colleagues describe how, on their way home from work, they're often dragged into cafés by their soon-to-be opponents and forced to listen to an endless list of grievances.
Clorinde: What a waste of time... I'm very thankful something like that has never happened to me.
Clorinde: I wouldn't go asking around for stories about our line of work.
Clorinde: The profession of a duelist may seem dramatic and full of unexpected twists, but, in most circumstances, it's usually the result of hypocrisy and dark human desires... the type of stories that will only leave you disappointed.