# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Sigewinne: Sure! I love talking to people!
Sigewinne: We Melusines are extra perceptive, I can generally tell where a patient is hurting just by observing them and asking a few questions.
Sigewinne: But if you want to get to the root of the problem, a few simple questions alone won't do.
Sigewinne: Chatting with a patient about their interests, hobbies, lifestyle, even their feelings... can be much more beneficial to figuring out the best way to treat them.
Traveler: You're a great nurse!
Sigewinne: You think so? I'm happy to hear that.
Sigewinne: I often get such compliments from everyone at the Fortress of Meropide as well. You all are so cute!
Sigewinne: Humanity's trust is very important to me. It's what gives people the confidence to place their health in my care.
Traveler: Are there ever people who don't cooperate?
Sigewinne: Of course. After all... Everyone has their little secrets. It's normal for someone to have things they aren't willing to share.
Sigewinne: Not too long ago, I had a patient who'd always come to the infirmary with injured fingers. Every time, he would argue that all he needed were some bandages and painkillers, and he'd be on his way.
Sigewinne: But one glance was all I needed to tell exactly what he was hiding.
Sigewinne: His finger injuries weren't any real concern. His extreme mental fatigue and lack of focus, however, were. I could see that he was at his limit.
Traveler: So what did you do?
Sigewinne: It was quite tricky. After all, I could only help him if he opened up to me.
Sigewinne: "Oh my, look at this hand... *sigh* It won't be long before..."
Sigewinne: Maybe what I said scared him, because he then waited for the other patients to leave the infirmary, before immediately telling me the truth.
Traveler: You hornswoggled him...
Sigewinne: Oh, no, not at all. What I meant to say was, "It won't be long before you make a full recovery." I just didn't finish my sentence.
Sigewinne: As it turned out, his roommate had finished his prison sentence, leaving him alone in the dormitory. Being afraid of the dark, he couldn't sleep at night, leading to extreme fatigue and frequent work accidents.
Sigewinne: He was afraid people would make fun of his phobia, especially considering his formidable appearance, so he was too embarrassed to tell anyone.
Sigewinne: But, it turned out alright in the end. I took him to fill out a dormitory transfer request with Ms. Monglane, and the problem was solved.
Sigewinne: That experience taught me a lot about the extent to which some choose to keep up appearances even at the cost of their health.
Traveler: That's true...
Sigewinne: Well, what about you? Do you have any secrets you find difficult to share?
Sigewinne: If you want to avoid certain health issues in the future, you might consider talking about them. In any case, I'm always here if you want to talk.
Traveler: I'm sure everyone enjoys talking to you.
Sigewinne: Hmm. I've heard that many people develop a fear of doctors and nurses at a young age or react strongly to the smell of certain medicines.
Sigewinne: Luckily, people usually don't have any reservations about coming to the infirmary over in the Fortress.
Sigewinne: Most of my patients are very cooperative and will answer all my questions.