# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Ororon: ...I can't think of anything. Is there anything you recommend?
Traveler: How about... something peaceful?
Ororon: In that case... maybe you'd like to try out Phlogiston Engraving?
Ororon: It sounds more serious than it is. Basically, it involves painting patterns which can be activated to generate different effects, using either Phlogiston or elemental energy.
Ororon: If we're not looking for a specific effect, we can make it even simpler by drawing random graffiti art and letting the rest happen naturally.
Ororon: For instance, drawing Paimon on the back of your hand might trigger extreme hunger for a little while.
Traveler: That checks out.
Ororon: It all comes down to the pattern itself and the formula of the paint.
Traveler: What about... something not peaceful at all?
Ororon: You mean some kind of sport or physical activity?
Ororon: We could race each other.
Traveler: ?
Traveler: And by that you mean... seeing who can run away the fastest?
Ororon: Never underestimate yourself.
Ororon: If you're not feeling confident enough, I can show you how to make graffiti smoke bombs. That way, it's a fair contest.
Traveler: I'd love that.
Ororon: Oh... You're right.
Ororon: This place feels so much like home, I almost forgot I'm still a guest. Sorry about that.
Ororon: In that case, we'll have to settle for a good, old fashioned race. Fine by me, though — it's exercise either way.
Traveler: Any other options?
Ororon: Sure. How about a combination of the two?
Ororon: In other words, doing graffiti while racing.
Traveler: Haha!
Ororon: Based on your reaction, you're hoping it was a joke, right?
Ororon: So, uh... Yeah. It was a joke.
Traveler: Thanks for chatting with me. It's been a lot of fun.
Ororon: Of course! And, anyway, I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Ororon: I don't get to visit friends' places very often, so I really appreciate you inviting me here.
Traveler: You're welcome! Feel free to stop by anytime.
Ororon: Thank you! Next time, I'll even bring along my prized radish — it's a big one.
Traveler: ...You're kidding, right?
Ororon: ...Yes?
Traveler: But sounds like a tough clean-up...
Traveler: I'd lose for sure.