# Talk Dialog

Jiangzhou: May the flames of wisdom spread to all, and never be extinguished.
Jiangzhou: This is the Lantern Rite Gala, where everyone gathers for Lantern Rite. As one of the head planners for the event, is there anything I can assist with?
Traveler: Please tell me about the Lantern Rite.
Jiangzhou: Lantern Rite is an annual festival everyone in Liyue celebrates. It takes place on the night of the first full moon of the year.
Jiangzhou: During the five-day festival, people pray for peace, ward off evil spirits, and watch the lanterns. We believe the fire's light keeps wisdom alive, and guides fallen heroes home along the sea.
Jiangzhou: It's a popular tradition to make the Mingxiao Lantern as well as smaller Xiao Lanterns and then release them into the night sky.
Jiangzhou: The lanterns light the path for the souls of our fallen heroes as they travel by cover of night. We hope the lanterns will guide them back home so they can be reunited with us here.
Jiangzhou: This is an extremely important festival, one which deserves meticulous preparation in every detail. It is my honor to be working as a planner.
Jiangzhou: Please be sure to visit the Xiao Market when you have the chance, that's where the most lively festivities can be found. I hope you thoroughly enjoy yourselves and participate in all the festivities on offer.
Traveler: I'd like to know more about the Lantern Rite traditions.
Jiangzhou: What would you like to know about? There's the Mingxiao Lantern, Xiao Market, as well as the Xiao Lanterns... I'd be happy to tell you all I know.
Traveler: What is the Mingxiao Lantern for?
Jiangzhou: Long, long ago, the heroes and the people joined forces to protect the land of Liyue.
Jiangzhou: Since peace was restored, the tradition of everyone coming together to build a giant floating lantern has been observed as a way of keeping that spirit of unity alive.
Jiangzhou: Everyone who can collects materials, donates what they can spare, and helps with the construction work. And on the final night of the festival, the whole city watches as the lantern is released into the air. It's the tradition most integral to the Lantern Rite.
Jiangzhou: Do you see the huge stone in the middle of the lantern? It's the largest Plaustrite unearthed this year.
Jiangzhou: How big the Mingxiao Lantern is depends on the size of the biggest Plaustrite from the preceding year. This year is special, because it has the biggest chunk of Plaustrite found in twenty years.
Jiangzhou: In honor of the great heroes who died to protect Liyue, the Mingxiao Lantern's design is always based on the adeptus form of one of the heroes.
Jiangzhou: This year's Mingxiao Lantern depicts the noble form of Skybracer. The Yuehai Pavilion chose the theme based on popular demand.
Traveler: What's the Xiao Market?
Jiangzhou: To put it simply, it's one of the attractions for visitors to the festival.
Jiangzhou: A substantial portion of the funding for the Mingxiao Lantern comes from vendors at the market.
Jiangzhou: So although Liyue Harbor's business people can sometimes seem a little tight-fisted, when it comes down to it they're all good people.
Jiangzhou: While everyone's out for the festival, you could certainly talk to them and get to know them a bit.
Traveler: What are Xiao Lanterns?
Jiangzhou: Good question. As you might have guessed, you can't have a Lantern Rite without lanterns!
Jiangzhou: Before releasing it into the air, people will write their wishes on wish sticks and insert them into the lantern. The lantern then carries their wishes off into the night sky.
Jiangzhou: Liyue may be well known for its mining industry, but fortunately, being surrounded by rocks hasn't turned people's hearts to stone...
Jiangzhou: Maybe it's because we also live off the sea. That romantic idea of the gentle sea breeze has found its way into our hearts... Haha.
Jiangzhou: Would you care to try making your own Xiao Lantern? After all, it's not every day you get to be in Liyue during the Lantern Rite.
Traveler: Not right now, thanks.
Jiangzhou: Okay. Well, enjoy your time here.