# Talk Dialog

Ematol: Let the Wind Lead! Follow the Sparks! Greetings, Great Honorary Knight, and to you, Helper in White. I, Investigative Team Weapons Officer Ematol, am at your service. What can I do for you?
Traveler: Follow the Sparks?
Paimon: By sparks... could you mean... the Spark Knight?
Ematol: That's right! That's my personal motto!
Ematol: Out of all the elite warriors of the Knights of Favonius, the most powerful must be our revered and adorable Spark Knight!
Ematol: She traverses every inch of Mondstadt with a lively demeanor; and her petite and nimble form carries enough firepower to completely annihilate an entire legion.
Ematol: No matter how numerous the enemy force is, they will all be burnt to ashes and scattered by the winds to the sound of the Spark Knight's delightful laughter and rumbling symphony of her "explosives so powerful that they shouldn't exist in the world"!
Traveler: I—Is Klee really that powerful?
Paimon: Y—Yeah... and what's with the "shouldn't exist in the world" you mentioned?
Ematol: Ah, for that question, you've come to the right person! I'm a pretty skilled alchemist myself...
Ematol: Although I'm not nearly as learned as Master Sucrose or Master Timaeus, and so far behind Captain Albedo I can't even see his shadow on a winter's morn, I do have my own expertise and have designed many explosives for engineering use!
Ematol: However, their explosive velocity simply isn't in the same league as the Jumpy Dumpty. They are only capable of deflagrating, rather than transitioning to a high brisance detonation...
Traveler: I'm lost!
Paimon: Yeah! Deflagration this, detonate this, all Paimon understood was "explosive"!
Ematol: Oh no! I'm so sorry, I got carried away and didn't do a good enough job explaining, it's all my fault!
Ematol: Anyway, ordinary explosive materials are two, maybe even two and a half generations away from the masterpieces designed by the Spark Knight! In terms of cost, they aren't even close to the same level either.
Ematol: When I asked the Spark Knight about the secret ingredients for Jumpy Dumpty, she only answered:
Ematol: "Jumpy Dumpty's formula was given to Klee by Klee's mother! If there's a secret ingredient, it must be her love for Klee!"
Ematol: But it's understandable for her to say that! Since the formula for such a powerful explosive is something confidential that could affect the balance of power between nations, it's simply above the pay grade of someone as low and insignificant as I!
Ematol: All I can do is try to follow in the footsteps of the Spark Knight and try even harder to develop my own formula for explosive materials.
Ematol: I will work hard, and strive to achieve my goal, that one day I could make something that's at least... one twentieth as powerful and cost-effective as the Jumpy Dumpty!
Ematol: Oh, the mere thought of it makes me tremble with excitement... The perfect rate explosive rate, an earth-shattering shockwave, a concise build, and low cost...
Ematol: Hehehe... Jumpy Dumpty... Hehehe...
Traveler: Calm down!
Paimon: P—Paimon has never met someone like this... Let's just call her... "Bombaholic" in the future!
Paimon: #Let's get out of here, {NICKNAME}!
Paimon: If we get a chance, we need to remind Albedo... Pay attention to the Bombaholic on his team, and take care of her mental state!
Traveler: You're getting carried away again!
Traveler: In layman's terms, please!
Traveler: I—I never realized that...
Traveler: Weapons Specialist?
Paimon: Paimon has never heard that title before. Sounds impressive.
Ematol: Indeed! If you don't mind, Great Honorary Knight, please allow me to give you a brief introduction to some of the responsibilities of the investigation team as I understand them...
Ematol: "In addition to basic military intelligence reports, we also investigate, collect, and analyze combat-related data of the Knights, finding ways to continuously improve tactics and combat capabilities."
Ematol: Therefore, learning the habits of the Knights and modifying their weapons and equipment are both part of our responsibilities.
Ematol: The so-called Weapons Specialist, in truth, is a knight who is responsible for testing experimental weapons.
Traveler: So you must also be a skilled combatant?
Ematol: Not at all. I know nothing about combat. If I were to take up a sword, even a wild boar could take on twenty of me.
Paimon: ?
Traveler: ?
Ematol: But I'm tougher than nails! Haha!
Ematol: When I was trying to analyze the formula for Jumpy Dumpty, I went through... Let me count... 27 incidents, and the blast sent me flying in 19 of them!
Ematol: But after bandaging myself up and applying splints, I returned to the team's garrison the next day and went back to work!
Ematol: My colleagues were very understanding and helped me keep the incidents hidden from Captain Albedo. Otherwise, I would've missed out on work!
Ematol: Following the Sparks is not for the faint of heart or the undisciplined!
Traveler: You don't have to push yourself that hard...
Paimon: Now Paimon's really worried about this Knight's mental state... If we get a chance, we should ask Albedo to keep an eye on her.
Paimon: Caring about nothing but your work is a bit much!
Traveler: You could've asked your Captain for some leave...
Traveler: Are you also a Master of Weaponry?
Traveler: Why are you squirming like that?
Ematol: Oh! It just that the Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White are so concerned about my work... It's exciting! But it almost makes me quite nervous...
Ematol: Great Honorary Knight, Ematol, Weapons Specialist of the Investigation Team reporting in! Currently executing an urgent mission: Annihilate the Invasive Anglers.
Paimon: Whoa! You became so formal all of a sudden. Are we really held in such high regard in the Knights of Favonius?
Traveler: Annihilate...?
Ematol: Huh? You haven't heard about it, Great Honorary Knight? it must be because you've been so busy lately. Such things aren't important enough to warrant your attention!
Ematol: It's quite simple, actually. Not long ago, a merchant from Sumeru came here on business and "released" a few Anglers in Cider Lake...
Ematol: Anglers are a type of fish native to Sumeru and have basically no natural predators in the waters of Mondstadt. This means they can multiply quickly and take over the lake, leaving little room for other species of fish to survive.
Ematol: After evaluating the issue, the Knights of Favonius assigned Phonia and me to handle it.
Ematol: If you happen to encounter another knight from the investigation team on the other side of the lake, that would be Phonia. She's operating, uh, "that one detection device," an alchemical device developed by Captain Albedo...
Ematol: I don't remember the exact name, but it can detect underwater creatures and identify the unique bodyshape of the Anglers.
Ematol: As for me, my job is to deploy bombs at precise locations to annihilate these bullying invasive species and restore peace to Cider Lake.
Ematol: Impressive, isn't it?
Traveler: So... You're blast fishing?
Paimon: Right... Paimon was just gonna say, Klee's an expert at that.
Ematol: No, no, absolutely not! We cannot trouble the Spark Knight with such a mundane task! The Spark Knight's time is incredibly valuable and should only be allocated according to her own will!
Ematol: Besides, it's not like the Great Honorary Knight often... "uses heavy naval cannons to blow up pigeons"?
Traveler: That's a bit extreme...
Paimon: If you did that, not even a single feather would remain! That's definitely going way too far!
Ematol: That's what I mean! The Spark Knight's bombs are like heavy naval cannons, and those schools of Anglers are little different from flocks of pigeons.
Ematol: But our objective happens to be "eliminating the pigeons without harming the finches beside them." That's why I am the perfect man for the job.
Ematol: Although the submarine bombs I use are imitations of the Spark Knight's Jumpy Dumpty, they are only one tenth as strong.
Ematol: With the help of specially designed detonators and the positions provided by Phonia, I can guarantee that the Angler nesting grounds are demolished without harming any native fish species in Cider Lake!
Paimon: Paimon gets it now... You want to target and eliminate only those fish, without harming any others.
Traveler: I understand the logic...
Ematol: Great! That means it was a good analogy! Of course, the pigeons have done nothing wrong. I just wanted you to know how powerful the Spark Knight's weapons are!
Ematol: However, it is not yet time for me to start. Phonia hasn't completed her preliminary recon work, and doing anything rash right now would surely startle them...
Ematol: But Phonia is maddeningly slow, and she has a bad temper. Every time I get close to her, she starts complaining about how I'm messing up her equipment and making her go deaf.
Ematol: I don't dare to rush her... But if this keeps up, just when will I finally be able to sail in my dear little boat and drop my beloved bombs...?
Traveler: Don't let me keep you!
Ematol: You're too kind! Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, please take care!
Traveler: What did the pigeons ever do to you...?
Ematol: Oh! My analogy doesn't seem to be fitting... I'll have to come up with a better one next time. Anyway, I have nothing against the pigeons. I just wanted you to know how powerful the Spark Knight's weapons are!
Traveler: That's overkill...
Traveler: Klee can do it.
Traveler: The Invasive Anglers...?