# Talk Dialog

Ematol: Hmm. Perhaps for stability, tail fins might... Oh, hello there, Honorary Knight! 7th Company's Weapons Officer, Ematol, reporting for duty! What orders do you bring?
Traveler: Well, what are you doing?
Ematol: Reporting in! As per normal, I am working on new bomb structures! And... as per Phonia's request, I am "wargaming in silence, so as to spare her ears the damage"!
Ematol: Seriously, it's not like she needs to recognize voice patterns anymore! But still, she calls me noisy and asks me not to get close, saying that intel gathering is also a test for the ears... C'mon, isn't that just too much?
Traveler: And how's your work going?
Ematol: My work... Oh, you mean the development of long-range explosives? Well, it's going well! Thanks for your concern, Honorary Knight!
Ematol: As for the details... Uh, would you like the brief version or the slightly more thorough one?
Traveler: Let's have the simple spiel.
Ematol: Sure! Put simply, I've made a launcher that can pierce heavy body armor at long range. However, the launch tube has to be scrapped after a single use, and aiming is a hassle and a half...
Ematol: So, the next problem we need to solve is cost-effectiveness and accuracy. I'm not sure what to do right now, but I'll keep working on it — in the name of the Spark Knight!
Traveler: Let's hear the specifics.
Ematol: Of course, of course! Hehe, I didn't expect you to be interested in weapons development, Honorary Knight!
Ematol: First, I'm not really learned concerning archery or related mechanical devices, but when using explosives to propel projectiles, one of the easiest ways to improve range is to increase the amount of charge used.
Ematol: There's a famous saying: "If one pack of charge won't do, try two." Have you heard of it?
Ematol: Unfortunately, increasing the charge means increasing the caliber of your ammunition, which will worsen the velocity retention of said ammo. And if your ammo doesn't hit its target, you might as well have used no charge at all...
Traveler: I see...
Ematol: So I thought, perhaps we could create a nested structure within the projectile, the outer casing of which would fall away in flight so that the payload hit its target faster and more accurately, relying solely on kinetic energy to pierce armor...
Ematol: See, all we need to do is to replace the low-density propellant that originally propelled the payload with a more powerful one with several times the density, and we can push the projectile out at incredible speed...
Traveler: Ah, so that's it.
Ematol: However, the defects of such a device are also evident. The barrel and launch tube must also withstand immense pressure, and must thus be very heavy, to the point that an ordinary knight would not be able to move it...
Ematol: A weapon system that should have been carried by a single knight would then have to be dismantled into several parts for transport, and even its loading platform would have to be very sturdy just to withstand the recoil...
Ematol: Ah, I'm so sorry, great Spark Knight... When it comes down to it, my proposal is, in truth, an insult to the apex art form that is explosive weaponry...
Traveler: What in the world are you saying...
Ematol: A—Anyway! I'll stop fantasizing now. I... I need to continue our breakthroughs on the path of explosive-assisted armor-piercing munitions!
Traveler: Explosive weaponry? Apex art form!?
Traveler: I don't quite get it, but it sure sounds impressive...
Traveler: So the greater the charge, the less the power, meaning the less the charge...
Ematol: Yeah, that's about right as well!
Traveler: So you mean, the greater the charge, the less the charge...
Ematol: Uh... What? Is that... right? Well, in some sense, I guess...
Ematol: Whatever the case, I thought that we could create a nested structure within the projectile, the outer casing of which would fall away in flight so that the payload hit its target faster and more accurately. We would then rely on kinetic energy to pierce armor...
Traveler: Are you taking part in the Wargame as well?
Ematol: Well, uh... To be more precise, Phonia dragged me into this business...
Ematol: She even said something like, "You're taking part even if you don't know the first thing about chess. This is an order I'm giving you as an intelligence officer"... Seriously! She doesn't force anyone else to do things in that way, just me!
Ematol: It's abuse of authority, I say! Abuse from an abusive meanie! Almost as bad as... as a Specter, or a detonator with a signal malfunction!
Ematol: Uh, no, wait, probably not that bad... But still, very, very bad!
Ematol: *sigh* It's fine, I'll let it slide. She did help me a whole bunch back when we were working on Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades, after all...
Ematol: And this is the first time I've ever seen her working all through the night, painting those game pieces all by her own volition. Still, while we're on the topic of comparing tabletop games, wouldn't you agree that the ones I made are more enjoyable...?
Ematol: Whatever the case, just let me know if you need help repositioning the Wargame board! Ematol, 7th Company Weapons Officer, shall be glad to render her services!
Traveler: It's fine, continue as you were.
Ematol: Yup, don't you worry about me! Just let me know if there's anything you need help with, Honorary Knight!