# Talk Dialog

Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament is moving along quickly. Sixteen powerful competitors will be going head-to-head in the next phase of the competition..."
Traveler: View "Competition Rules" again...
Message Board: ...
Message Board: "Disclaimer - Clause Two: Confirmation of eligibility indicates that the contestant is aware of the possible negative effects that Wisdom Orb usage may have on the body..."
Message Board: "Disclaimer - Clause Seven: All rights of interpretation belong to the organizer and researcher, Mr. Kautilya. If a legal dispute shall arise, please refer to the appropriate channels for official procedures..."
Message Board: ...
Traveler: (I don't think I looked at the detailed content of these rules before...)
Traveler: Most Liked Comment
Message Board: "Haniyyah and Pyro-1, keep it up! You guys got this!"
Message Board: "Your combat style is bold and a treat to watch."
Message Board: "I wonder if Haniyyah is accepting apprentices? I want to learn how to beast tame from her and make friends with all sorts of Fungi!"
Traveler: Most Disliked Comment
Message Board: "Golden Comet and Silver Companion are so ridiculously strong! I wonder if they're Fungi veterans!"
Message Board: "With the two of them here, I would say that this season's champions are already decided!"
Message Board: "I hear that Silver Companion has an obsession with Mora. Maybe we should pool some together and ask Silver Companion if they can take it easy and throw the match!"
Message Board: "That way, ordinary people like us would have a shot at winning the competition!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Are you a competitor from their group!? It would be cheating if you tried to use Mora to bribe them!"
Message Board: "They'll let their skills do the talking! You should use the time you spent coming up with stupid ideas like this to train instead!"
Message Board: "I think it's still too early to say that they'll be the final winners. I'm pretty sure they'll have a hard time if they're matched against Fried Tofu With All the Frills."
Traveler: ...
Paimon: Wh—What's going on!? Is there a comment Paimon shouldn't see!?
Traveler: (Pretend not to have seen it and cover Paimon's eyes.)
Traveler: Most Interesting Comment
Message Board: "A foreign guest by the name of Aratani is collecting photos of the Fungi. They say that she has ways to produce Fungi picture cards that are extremely valuable collectibles!"
Message Board: "But Miss Aratani seems to be looking to make money off this. That's why she's dividing up the sales channel for the picture cards."
Message Board: "Anyone who's willing to purchase her cards, please leave a comment below! If you have any cute photos of the Fungi, make sure you send them to us as well!"
Traveler: Leave.