# Talk Dialog

Thoma: Alright... Let's add another elemental reaction here...
Hitotsume Kozou (Hitotsume Kozou & Kappa): Boss Thoma is the best!
Kappa (Hitotsume Kozou & Kappa): Boss Thoma is the best!
Thoma: Heh, that's nice of you, but it's all thanks to Akitsu Yuugei that I came up with this in the first place, and that was all you...
Youko: Anything for Boss Thoma!
Paimon: Whoa... Guess this team really hit it off...
Thoma: #Oh, hi there, Traveler and Paimon.
Paimon: Looks like you're getting along great with Kozou and the others! Guess a "fixer" can work with just about anyone, huh...
Thoma: Haha, I have Itto to thank, actually. He introduced me to Kozou and the others after you left that day.
Thoma: We didn't get to see each other much during the Test of Courage, but they're a very friendly group of youkai...
Thoma: All I had to do was mention the Mikawa Flower Festival, and they agreed to help right away. They even showed up bright and early this morning.
Paimon: That makes sense! It was their dream to host the Mikawa Flower Festival.
Hitotsume Kozou: ...Yep! That's right!
Youko: Yeah, totally! We've been dreaming about it for a long time!
Paimon: So, what are you planning for the game? It kinda sounded like you're making a sequel to Akitsu Yuugei!
Thoma: Hmm... I suppose it's a spiritual sequel of sorts? It's a combination of Akitsu Yuugei and Mondstadt's Ludi Harpastum...I call it, "Akitsu Harpastum."
Thoma: It's pretty simple, actually. Just swing the racket to hit the balls back where they came from.
Paimon: Uhh, but what does that have to do with the theme?
Thoma: Haha... Good question. The Lady Guuji did say that reminiscing about "nostalgic memories" is a form of dreaming, right?
Thoma: For many years after leaving Mondstadt, the only place I could experience Ludi Harpastum was in my dreams...
Thoma: Once I was old enough to go back on my own, too much had changed... My age, my mindset... Whatever it was, the Ludi Harpastum of my childhood was gone.
Traveler: Thoma...
Thoma: So, I suppose you could say, "Akitsu Harpastum" is a childhood dream many years in the making.
Thoma: Oh, and in the play-test stage, I added a few characters that often appear in fairytales and dreamscapes.
Thoma: ...Hopefully, that reinforces the theme a bit more, haha. Wanna give it a try?
Traveler: Sure!
"Shousei": Haha! White Fur, Yellow Fur, get ready!
Traveler: Next time for sure.
Thoma: Haha, I almost forgot! You're an important figure in this event! Well, don't let us keep you. Come back any time!