# Talk Dialog

Razor: Seeing lupical, I am happy.
Traveler: Razor, are you acquainted with Dustball?
Razor: It, sleeps outside city wall. Takes me there. Very comfy.
Razor: It has many friends, many, outside city... starving...
Razor: Inside the city, there's food... Me, hunting, there's food.
Paimon: Oh, so you already made friends with Dustball outside the city...
Traveler: Sounds like you do have quite a few friends out there.
Paimon: Then, they deliver the food out to their friends outside...
Paimon: Why don't those little cats just come inside the city? Sure, the walls might be a little high, but there's shelter from the wind and rain and plenty to eat!
Razor: They like, butterflies flying high. They don't like, places without wind.
Razor: ...Dustball different. Like people more.
Razor: He wants to give food to friends. His friends like human food.
Paimon: They like human food, but don't want to live in the city. Those are some pretty fickle cats!
Razor: He wants to bring friends, inside. Use food, bring them inside.
Traveler: Convincing cats to come inside with food...
Paimon: But if we bring all those cats over here from outside, will the Furball Fortress be able to handle it?
Paimon: If this place was really filled to the brim with all kinds of cats, Valerina would be really happy, but the funds might...
Razor: Cats good, food good, hungry, bad. I will help!
Traveler: Anyway, we should make sure that the cats are fed first.
Paimon: Yeah, no matter what, we should take care of delivering the food before anything else. If only we could convince them to come live in the city...
Traveler: And we need to explain things to Valerina...
Paimon: That's right, after all, the costs of running this Furball Fortress are all coming right out of her pocket.
Traveler: Razor, how are the cats outside the city doing right now?
Razor: Past few days, brought food to friends. Now, they not hungry.
Paimon: Phew... That's a relief. Now that we don't have to worry about the cats suffering from hunger pangs while we speak, we can go discuss this with Valerina...
Razor: Thank you, Lupical. When with you, no need to worry.
Traveler: That actually might do the trick...
Traveler: It feels like you already knew each other.