# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Ehh, is that you, Dopey Dazzler? Looking for potential graffiti spots nearby, huh?
"Dopey Dazzler": Ah, you're here too. Looks like you're really talented, picking the most promising scenery like that...
Paimon: Hehe, well... not quite. So far, we've been pretty "feast or famine" when it comes to inspiration!
Traveler: Were you about to start working your magic here?
Paimon: Huh, that's true. We haven't seen graffiti in progress yet, have we? Could you show us?
"Dopey Dazzler": Don't rush things. There are no suitable cliffs nearby — after all, avant-garde graffiti requires an avant-garde canvas!
"Dopey Dazzler": I just happened to be passing through this area, and I recalled having a picnic here with a friend once, which is why I dropped by this spot again.
"Dopey Dazzler": If it wasn't for that friend's encouragement, I might have remained a tongue-tied, ordinary artist. Someone with no head for anything other than graffiti, unable to comprehend even the most basic of avant-garde philosophies.
"Dopey Dazzler": And of course, I'd never have met you two.
Paimon: Huh... Sounds like you're talking about a dear friend who gave you important life advice!
Traveler: Like how Paimon and I travel together, then?
"Dopey Dazzler": Well, I wouldn't say we're that close — you're almost joined at the hip, you know!
"Dopey Dazzler": I met her many years ago, I was studying color mixing at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame. It was the unique color scheme of her clothes that immediately drew my eye.
"Dopey Dazzler": Other people would say that I look like someone whose soul's been torn out of their body when I think about colors and paints, and I didn't have many friends.
"Dopey Dazzler": But she thought differently. She believed that my "dopey-ness" was a sign that I was sure about my goals and wasn't concerned about anything else, just like a warrior in training.
"Dopey Dazzler": It wasn't any impassioned, encouraging speech, but she motivated me greatly just the same. We haven't kept in contact too much over the years, but I've never forgotten her words.
"Dopey Dazzler": She doesn't have any talent for graffiti, but that's fine. She became an awesome warrior all the same — in fact, I believe that someday, the Children of Echoes will all be proud of her...
Paimon: Huh, that's a new one... So friends who don't hang out often can encourage each other too!
Traveler: All the best to both of you.
"Dopey Dazzler": Haha, don't you worry about that!
"Dopey Dazzler": Danger and unexpected accidents are temporary. She'll be up and over those obstacles for sure!
"Dopey Dazzler": And I won't be standing idle either. There's always room to improve my graffiti skills, and I'm sure a breakthrough's on the horizon once I combine them with my latest thoughts on avant-garde art!
"Dopey Dazzler": I'll paint something massive for her when she returns in triumph. Just watch me!
Traveler: I wish you both luck moving up in life!
Traveler: Does your friend do graffiti as well?
Traveler: Mind showing us your masterful artistry?