# Talk Dialog

Ioroi: Kinkaku, Ginkaku, Tetsunosuke... Not all humans are bad. Yellow Fur over there helped me a great deal, you know...
Paimon: Besides, the bake-danuki were only sealed away back then because Ioroi stole that comb...
Tetsunosuke: Ioroi... is a thief? Ioroi... got what he deserved?
Ioroi: ...H—H—How was I to know it was used to make Sacred Sakura Daifuku? I gave it back, didn't I!?
Kinkaku: So, the humans were mean for no reason?
Ioroi: Well... if you must know, the young human and I fought... I was, perhaps, a tad careless, so I... conceded the match! Anyway, the point is... Neither side is bad!
Paimon: There he goes again, changing the subject when it makes him look bad...
Yae Miko: Now you know... No human is trying to harm you.
Tetsunosuke: So... it was all a nightmare...
Ginkaku: Five hundred years in hiding... for nothing...
Ioroi: ...Eh, it was a five-hundred-year-long game of Hide-and-Seek. What's so bad about that? Besides, you won.
Kinkaku: Huh? We won? ...Go us! We're even better than Ioroi!
Ioroi: Hey! My game of Hide-and-Seek isn't over yet!
Paimon: Wow, the mind of a bake-danuki is something else... Still so cheerful, even after all that...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That nature is what isolated them from the worst effects of the nightmare and prevented them from causing any real harm.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But, a nightmare that's still affecting people after all this time? Who could it belong to? Hm, a horn buried under Mt. Yougou...
Traveler: I feel like I've heard a legend about that...
Yae Miko: ...Tainted by darkness, the oni warrior raised her sword against the Almighty Shogun. Losing an arm and a horn to the Shogun's blade, she fled into the forest, never to be seen again.
Yae Miko: ...A trusted lieutenant fighting against the forces of darkness, she was once devoured whole by a beast from beyond this world, with the body of a tiger and the tail of a serpent, until she tore the creature apart from within...
Yae Miko: Thus, she earned the name, "Chiyo the Tiger-Bite"... Or, "Torachiyo."
Ei: I don't think... Chiyo would like that name.
Ei: Though she escaped the belly of the beast alive... That battle never left her.
Ei: She saw the memories of her fallen comrades everywhere, slaughtered one after another, until she could no longer distinguish dream from reality...
Traveler: (A nightmare doesn't incapacitate someone with sufficient strength... It turns into something even worse...)
Ei: ...The nightmare twisted every joy in her life — her subordinates, family, and friends — into enemies in need of destruction.
Ei: It was in that state, trapped in the battlefield of her mind, that she raised her sword against me on Mt. Yougou.
Ei: With the Musou no Hitotachi, I cut off her arm, one of her horns, and a portion of the mountain itself... I suspect that is when the horn in question was buried there.
Yae Miko: And, subsequently, uncovered by three bake-danuki... That means the fragment on the horn... comes from Chiyo's nightmare.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Nightmares feed on fear and anxiety. If what Traveler saw is true...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's possible Kinkaku and the others' fear over the past five hundred years allowed the fragment to gain physical form and become something akin to a jibakurei.
Traveler: Jibakurei?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: An earthbound spirit. They move through the Ley Lines, but are also bound by them. That's why the traces of this entity appeared intermittently, and never outside of Mt. Yougou.
Yae Miko: It would seem the fragment of this Nightmare is no different from the one back then... It hates all joy and every good thing in this world.
Yae Miko: The Investigation Team working for a better future? Attacked... Hitotsume Kozou and his friends, kind enough to lend a helping hand? Attacked...
Paimon: Yeah, and we were attacked, too! Right when we were having fun with the play-testing...
Traveler: So, why hasn't it appeared since?
Ei: Perhaps it needs to regain strength after your defeat... Or, perhaps it is biding its time because it knows, with whatever rationality remains, that it cannot defeat you...
Ei: ...But, sooner or later, its twisted hatred will force it out of hiding, and it will move to strike its "enemies."
Ei: When Chiyo set her sights on a target... She never was one to waver.
Yae Miko: ...
Ei: ...But, both possibilities prove something... Nightmare Fragments can be defeated.
Ei: And an enemy that can be killed... is one that can be split in two by the power of Musou Isshin.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...There's really no other way?
Ei: Mikoshi Chiyo is gone. A fragment of a Nightmare tied to a severed horn... That is all that remains. The living must take precedent over the memory of the dead.
Traveler: (Even so, having to unleash Musou Isshin against her again? Would Ei really be okay?)
Traveler: (Mizuki said Archons suffer from the same turmoil as the rest of us... The dead may be gone, but that doesn't mean our emotions die with them...)
Yae Miko: ...Who cares about the dead, anyway?
Yae Miko: I'm just trying to look out for the living.
Ei: ...! What is that supposed to mean, Miko?
Yae Miko: Oh, I'm just concerned about our poor bake-danuki friends...
Tetsunosuke: Huh? What does this have to do with us?
Yae Miko: The Nightmare Fragment has been tied to the bake-danuki for nearly five hundred years. Strike it down, and who's to say whether you take the lives of our poor friends along with it.
Ginkaku: EEEK!?
Ioroi: I... I beseech you, Almighty Shogun! S—Spare the young ones! It was just a momentary... Or, uh, no... a five-hundred-year long lapse in judgement...
Ei: Miko... You speak the truth?
Yae Miko: #If you don't believe me, ask Mizuki and Traveler. I'm sure they've encountered similar cases during their extensive travels...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, I... Oh!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Yes! During my studies, both in Liyue and Natlan!
Traveler: Yeah! I've definitely seen that happen before!
Ei: Then... What would you propose? This Nightmare Fragment is a constant threat to Inazuma. Should all other options fail... I will take action.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...If the Fragment's hatred toward the world comes from a Nightmare, then the most logical option... is to get rid of the Nightmare itself...
Paimon: Right! Can't you just eat the Nightmare, Mizuki?
Ei: ...The Yumekui-Baku already tried that five hundred years ago. Even yesterday, when faced with the corruption of the Nightmare, Mizuki could only mitigate the effects.
Yae Miko: What was impossible back then... is not necessarily impossible now. I think Mizuki has the right idea. If we cannot eradicate the nightmares directly...
Yae Miko: Why not use this entity's tricks against it? Combat illusions with illusions. Combat nightmares... with dreams.
Paimon: Is that even possible?
Yae Miko: Don't forget — there are youkai that specialize in shapeshifting and illusions, and they happen to be right in front of us.
Kinkaku: Wh—Where? Kinkaku doesn't see them anywhere!
Tetsunosuke: Maybe they're hiding as trees? Or the wind?
Ioroi: Fools! The kitsune is clearly referring to the bake-danuki! Tetsunosuke, Kinkaku, must you be so dense!?
Yae Miko: Given their centuries-long connection to the Nightmare Fragment, they are perfectly positioned to create a dreamscape that the entity will be unable to distinguish from the real world.
Ei: ...Back then, the Nightmare had little to no weaknesses... If we want to give the bake-danuki an opportunity to strike, I assume you have a plan, Miko?
Yae Miko: You said it yourself — Mikoshi Chiyo is gone. All that remains is a fragment of her nightmare, already broken and vulnerable.
Yae Miko: Besides... Mizuki is an old friend, one that is not to be underestimated. She has traveled the land studying dreams and is far more capable than those old fossils back then.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh... Um...
Traveler: ...Not gonna say anything?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: She just... usually doesn't compliment me to my face... But, Miko's right. If we work together, I'm confident we can put together a ritual to subdue the Nightmare Fragment.
Yae Miko: Once we perform the ritual, it will take some time for the barrier to take effect. Luckily for us, we have two formidable warriors on our side...
Yae Miko: ...Our festival representative, who also happens to have extensive experience against dark forces, and the Almighty Shogun, unmatched in combat... I'm sure the two of you can buy us some time?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: There's just one problem... Since this entity can pass through the Ley Lines, its movements are unpredictable. If we're going to create a barrier, how can we be sure it appears where we want?
Yae Miko: Ah, the solution to that... is obvious. If the Nightmare Fragment despises all sources of joy and happiness...
Yae Miko: Then, naturally, a joyous occasion would be an evil beyond measure — an enemy that must be annihilated at all costs...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, if we want to lure it out...
Traveler: We need a source of joy.
Paimon: ...The Mikawa Flower Festival!
Yae Miko: Hehe, what joy could possibly compare to finishing one's work right before the deadline?
Ei: ...I would imagine we can all think of a few. But, I agree — the Mikawa Flower Festival is the most plausible target.
Ei: Once the enemy appears, I will pull them into the Plane of Euthymia immediately... I will not put the people in danger.
Ei: #Traveler, I ask that you join me there so we can subdue the enemy together.
Traveler: Of course.
Yae Miko: Alright, I will update everyone back at the festival and start the preparations for the ritual... I'll need your help, Mizuki. It's going to be a busy night.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Looks like another all-nighter for me.
Yae Miko: ...Well, this was your idea. Oh, and don't forget — you need to finish "A Little Fox's Daydream" as well.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...And, in a surprising twist, you were my nightmare all along!
Traveler: Then, the obvious target would be...