# Talk Dialog

Ematol: Oh, where are you, Sir Pouncelot? Where do I even start to look...
Traveler: Are you alright?
Ematol: H—Honorary Knight!
Ematol: H—Honorary Knight! I—I—I'm here to report that the squad cat I was charged with caring for... knocked me out and escaped...
Traveler: Squad Cat?
Ematol: Well, it's really embarrassing, and I could never let the Honorary Knight worry about me...
Ematol: And our captain's busy with debriefing reports at headquarters... so, I must find Sir Pouncelot on my own!
Traveler: Knocked you out?
Traveler: Are you sure you're alright?
Ematol: Y—Yes, yes I am! Thanks for your concern! I'm just a little woozy after eating a paw to the head...
Ematol: Sir Pouncelot didn't really hit me that hard, he was just a bit upset... It's all my fault for being too weak...
Ematol: I shouldn't have gotten it into my head to pour Phonia's powder on the toy before giving it to the cat...
Ematol: I just thought it smelled nice, you know? But Sir Pouncelot saw it as a threat and... Either way, I deserved the beating!
Ematol: In any case, it's best I picked up training again. I don't use normal weapons at the frontline, but even slinging bombs requires quite a bit of strength...
Ematol: It's okay if I can't take on a boar, but being knocked unconscious by a single swipe from a big cat... Let's just say that I'd fail the next combat skills assessment as I am now for sure. I must uphold my duty as a knight!
Ematol: Or perhaps... I could design a bomb-firing device with a caliber exceeding the launch tube width based on Liyue's explosives and Fontaine's muskets?
Ematol: *ahem* Well, no matter what, that's a job for later...
Ematol: And e—either way, this was all my fault. I—I can't trouble you with it, Honorary Knight, no way! You're basically Captain-tier, after all! I'm sure you have lots of more important things to do!
Ematol: Well, I shan't bother you, then.
Traveler: Well, I'm not sure just what you're going through... but good luck regardless!
Ematol: #Y—Yes, Honorary Knight, {M#sir}{F#ma'am}! I—I'll do my best! Yeah! My best!