# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Wow! Look at this! You've made so much progress already!
Yoimiya: Hehe, all credit to Kichiboushi! We just told him what we wanted, and he made the set in no time!
Sayu: He helped with the gameplay, too... All we had was a prototype, and now it's ready for play-testing already. His skills are amazing...
"Kichiboushi": Hm! Kichiboushi, amazing!
Traveler: Very amazing!
Paimon: So, um... how do we play? It doesn't seem super obvious...
Yoimiya: The board is infused with youkai power! All you need to do is place your hand on it to enter the "dreamscape"... At least, I think that's how it works, right, Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi": Orange Fur, very smart!
Paimon: So, you could say your game unifies human ingenuity with bake-danuki magic to create a scene that is completely illusory... Very creative!
"Kichiboushi": White Fur, suddenly use many big words...
Sayu: You sure sound official all of a sudden, Paimon... Are you trying to act like a real judge?
Traveler: Don't mind her.
Paimon: Hm... This new style of game development deserves a name! How about "Unreal"? Ooh! Or "Unity"?
Traveler: Could you tell us about your game?
Yoimiya: You betcha!
Paimon: ...Hey, a little acknowledgment would be nice!
Yoimiya: Although, Sayu's the better person to ask! "Bunshin Phantasm" is her brain-child, after all.
Traveler: "Bunshin Phantasm"?
Sayu: Yeah! It's based on a dream I had... In the dream, I learned to make bunshin, and I made them do all my work for me.
Sayu: With my clones around, there was no reason for that lady to come find me, so I could sleep as long as I wanted...
Paimon: So even when you're asleep, you dream of getting more sleep...
Sayu: It's just... I got so excited at the prospect that I actually woke myself up... *sigh* If only I could make bunshin in real life...
Traveler: I have a feeling...
Sayu: Well, then... Even if some get caught, the others could take a nap in the meantime, right?
Paimon: But if your clones do all the work, doesn't all that fatigue transfer back to you in the end?
Sayu: Oh, well, um... When you put it that way... I don't know anymore...
Yoimiya: All dreams are nonsensical and complicated in their own way. But that's what makes them interesting!
Yoimiya: Anyway, that's our game — "The Most Wonderful Bunshin Phantasm: Mujina Body Doubles to the Rescue!"
Paimon: What's a... mujina body double?
Sayu: That's a long story... Wanna just give it a try?
Traveler: Sure!
Sayu: Awesome! All you have to do is put your hand on the board and close your eyes...
Traveler: Next time for sure.
Yoimiya: Ah, right! You have other teams to check out! All good! Whenever you're ready to play, just touch the board, and you're good to go!
Traveler: Your clones might not want to work any more than you do...