# Talk Dialog

Black Screen Text: You tell Mizuki everything you saw and heard today.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So he gives spiritual guidance... And it takes all your troubles away and leaves only happy thoughts?
Paimon: Yup. At least, that's what his clients say.
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion: How is that possible? Not even Mizuki could do that, and she's an incredible psychologist.
Paimon: Is that right? Paimon was gonna say, it all sounds too good to be true...
Shiba Murasaki: It certainly is. Humans are... how to put this... they're a moody race — always upset about something. Show me a human without a care in the world, and I'll show you what "messed up" really looks like.
Paimon: You think? 'Cause honestly, they sounded pretty convincing. And they said they only left the Aisa Bathhouse because they found it didn't deal with the root cause of their issues.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But the idea he is spreading is categorically wrong...
Shiba Murasaki: That settles it, then. Emura Ichigensai is a quack, making false claims to steal all our customers.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Is that why he's doing this? To steal... steal our customers? Or is there more to it?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...It's unfortunate that you didn't get to meet him in person. I need some idea of the kind of person he is. Otherwise, I have no hope of figuring out his motivations and goals.
Paimon: Yeah, it's too bad... Although if it's any help, we did hear a bit about his backstory from someone else. Apparently, he used to have a really rotten temper, but then one day he suddenly reached enlightenment and became a spiritual master, or something...
Shiba Murasaki: Emura Ichigensai... rotten temper... Now wait just a minute...
Shiba Murasaki: Filing patient records is normally the most tedious job in the world. But once in a while, something mildly amusing grabs my attention. Take a look at this.
Paimon: Emura Chuuya?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...It's him. I remember him.
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion: Wait... That guy? Oh no...
Paimon: What is it? What about him?
Shiba Murasaki: Where to start? ...Imagine a big ball of negative emotion took on human form and started walking around. That's pretty much Emura Chuuya.
Shiba Murasaki: His patient record mentions that he loved nothing more than a heated argument. No matter how trivial it was, he could never agree to disagree — he always had to be right. The happiest part of his day would be winning an argument and proving the other person wrong.
Shiba Murasaki: If he lost, he'd sulk, and if anyone called him out, he'd throw a huge tantrum. Before long, he'd turned everyone against him.
Paimon: Sounds like he had issues...
Shiba Murasaki: Oh yeah. Serious issues.
Shiba Murasaki: Anyway, since no one would talk to him in real life anymore, he turned to the readers' letters column of a magazine by the Yae Publishing House, where he would attack writers and trade insults with other contributors.
Shiba Murasaki: Naturally, this ruined the column for everyone, and the editor soon started rejecting his letters.
Shiba Murasaki: Next thing you know, he's written a complaint letter to the Tenryou Commission, demanding that Inazuma pass a law to make it illegal for the Yae Publishing House to reject letters from readers...
Paimon: Gee whizz... Where would you even start with a client like that?
Shiba Murasaki: In my case — by giving them a wide berth. Mizuki dealt with this guy.
Shiba Murasaki: I'm pretty sure he only came here to try and start something. But Mizuki managed to get him into a session, and after some treatment, his mood improved by a lot.
Traveler: Wow. Great work, Mizuki!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Murasaki makes him sound like a rabid animal... He wasn't THAT out of control. Sure, his personality was very abrasive, but it wasn't hard to see why.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Once I understood his situation, I was able to diagnose him very quickly...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You have very high expectations for yourself, but you've faced a lot of rejection in the past and haven't achieved much in your life.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You've never had any real close friends, so you don't know what healthy connections with other people look like. This puts you and your ego in the center of your world.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: In short, you long to feel a sense of accomplishment and to receive attention from other people. But both of these are lacking in your life.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You have no idea how to properly deal with these emotions. So you've been taking it out on other people, partly to seek attention, and partly because you get a shallow sense of accomplishment whenever you win a war of words with another person.
Emura Chuuya: Tsk... You promise the world with your adverts, and that's seriously the best you can come up with? I'm not even going to bother explaining all the reasons you're wrong...
Emura Chuuya: I mean, you completely misunderstood why I even sent that complaint letter. The Yae Publishing House practically has a monopoly on Inazuma's publishing industry. How can they ignore what their readers have to say?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: In the magazine column you wrote to, your strongly worded letter appeared alongside dozens of others which praised the writer for their work. You can't talk about what their readers have to say without including them, too.
Emura Chuuya: No one with half a brain would praise a festering pile of garbage like that. Those are not opinions worth listening to.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, when I touched on the idea of you having an egocentric worldview — this is the kind of thing I was talking about.
Emura Chuuya: I... You...
Paimon: Wow... How the heck did you get him to stay for treatment after dropping all of that on him?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Simple. The more he realized the truth of my diagnosis, the more he compulsively searched for evidence to refute it with.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: He'd lost the ability to communicate like a normal human being. So, I kept him here by using his preferred mode of interaction: argumentation.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The Tenryou Commission had ignored his complaint letter, so he had no outlets left for his emotional outbursts.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Eventually, with the help of some incendiary words, I got him to agree to try some basic therapy. Finally, I was able to tweak his mood and stabilize his condition.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's a shame, really — if I'd only been able to see him a few more times, I know I could've helped him work through his personality issues. But unfortunately...
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion: It was all my fault...
Shiba Murasaki: For the last time, it was his fault for being a nutjob.
Paimon: What? What happened?
Shiba Murasaki: Well, one day, he comes in as usual for therapy, but Mizuki isn't here. So, Shion sees him instead.
Shiba Murasaki: I don't know what got into him that day, but he suddenly announced that he wished to be free of his troubles for good — and demanded that Shion make that happen.
Shiba Murasaki: Obviously, she didn't manage it, and then he pulled out a complaint letter to try and intimidate her. That was the last straw for me. I kicked him out and blacklisted him.
Shiba Murasaki: He hasn't shown his face here since.
Paimon: Whoa...
Shiba Murasaki: Anyway, now everyone's had a look at his record — do we think there's any chance that this guy and Emura Ichigensai are the same person?
Shiba Murasaki: Because it sounds to me like after he didn't get what he wanted, he decided to have his revenge by lying to our customers and getting them to leave.
Traveler: That makes sense!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Bad dreams are formed from a buildup of negative emotions in the subconscious. You can't simply trick people into not having them anymore. If Murasaki was right, then surely they'd have seen his lies for what they are by now...
Shiba Murasaki: There's no point hemming and hawing! Let's report this guy to the Tenryou Commission for fraudulent business practices. If he can complain, so can we!
Susukida: Is anyone there?
Umihiko: We'd like to book a therapy session... Can we start now?
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion: Hello! Please come with me, I'll get you registered.
Paimon: Wait, those are the two guys Paimon mentioned earlier! Just this morning, they were calling the bathhouse a scam and a rip-off. How are they back here already?
Shiba Murasaki: Oh really? Well, that proves it doesn't it? I was right. Now that they've realized they were lied to, they've come back.
Shiba Murasaki: So chin up, Mizuki. I bet you business will start picking up again from tomorrow morning.
Paimon: Yeah! You yumekui-baku provide an unbeatable service, no scammer's gonna run you girls out of business!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Interesting... Well, good. Murasaki, go help Shion please.
Shiba Murasaki: Tch... Shoulda kept my mouth shut. I jinxed it, and now I have to work again.
Paimon: Now we just need to report this guy as a fraud to the Tenryou Commission, like Murasaki suggested. Problem solved!
Paimon: It looks like the Aisa Bathhouse will be back in business in no time. No idea if our investigation actually helped, though...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course it did. You were a huge help, and I owe you big time for it.
Paimon: Hehe...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now then. You only got part way through the VIP experience last time, didn't you? You still have to try the hot springs and snacks. Both are top tier.
Paimon: Oh, true! How could Paimon forget about that? Especially the snacks!
Black Screen Text: After a dip in the hot springs and some delicious snacks, you and Paimon feel wonderfully relaxed.
Paimon: Wow, Paimon feels incredible now. Nothing beats the complete service package!
Traveler: We should go talk to Mizuki about booking our next appointment.
Paimon: Agreed! Although, Paimon didn't notice her inside just now. What could she be doing out at this hour? Hmm... Let's ask around.
Paimon: Hey there, Mr. Aikawa. Do you have any idea where Mizuki went?
Aikawa Susumu: Oh, you're looking for Mizuki? She actually tends to disappear for a while around this time every evening. It's the one part of the day where she gets to relax herself.
Aikawa Susumu: As for where she goes and what she does during that time, I'm afraid I have no idea.
Paimon: She takes the evenings to "relax," huh...
Traveler: Like the first time we met her...
Paimon: She probably tells people she's relaxing, but actually she's digesting the bad dreams, right? Hope she's not having any digestive trouble...
Paimon: Remember the place from last time? Let's head there and check on her.
Traveler: Definitely coming back again.
Traveler: Is it really that simple?