# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Xilonen: Sure! I slept really great here, by the way — the temperature is perfect, and the beds and pillows are super comfortable.
Xilonen: It's the kind of sleep I'll be dreaming about for the whole week.
Traveler: You could always sleep a little longer!
Xilonen: Eh, I've had enough. I'm not the type to sleep in, anyway. Eight to nine hours a night, and I'm set.
Xilonen: Still, when work gets busy, it's hard to get that many hours in one go.
Xilonen: Especially when I'm working on an Ancient Name. Once I start, I usually can only sleep for three to four hours a day, if I get any sleep at all.
Traveler: Must be hard to forge an Ancient Name.
Xilonen: The technique itself isn't that complicated. Verifying the truth of the stories behind the Name is the real challenge.
Xilonen: They often stretch over long periods of time and involve many key individuals.
Xilonen: Generally speaking, to receive an Ancient Name, you have to do something in your lifetime that exemplifies the "spirit" of the Name.
Xilonen: The difficulty lies in verifying those deeds when the people at the center of the stories are long dead.
Xilonen: It usually comes down to checking records, but even then, it's difficult to say whether those accounts are accurate.
Xilonen: If I accidentally include a fictional story or falsehood in an Ancient Name...
Xilonen: It would become seriously defective, and potentially lead to cognitive issues for the current bearer.
Traveler: But there are always so many stories... How do you verify the authenticity of each one?
Xilonen: I use the woven scrolls from the Masters of the Night-Wind.
Xilonen: Those records are usually pretty reliable. Citlali's knowledge comes in handy as well.
Xilonen: If I can't find anything in the scrolls, I reach out to my contacts from the six tribes and see if anything relevant pops up.
Xilonen: Once I have enough data, I find the stories that are connected and cross-reference them.
Xilonen: I jot down any inconsistencies and search related stories to determine if I'm dealing with a real error or a simple omission.
Traveler: Seems like a huge project...
Xilonen: Now you understand why sleep goes out the window when I start a new project.
Xilonen: It's work, work, work, all day every day, until it's finally finished.
Xilonen: Mualani once volunteered to help. She got one or two stories in, and then... light's out. I couldn't wake her up no matter how hard I tried.
Xilonen: Now you know why I always take advantage of an opportunity to nap.
Xilonen: Just talking about work is making me... *yawn* really sleepy.
Traveler: I'm willing to help!
Xilonen: You're more than welcome. I'm sure a seasoned traveler like you has a lot to offer when it comes to judging the authenticity of a story.
Xilonen: I'll let you know when I start my next project.
Xilonen: Oh, and make sure to bring a pillow when you come to the workshop. When you get the chance to nap, it pays to be ready.
Xilonen: Kachina tried to use a book, and her neck hurt so much the next day she could barely stand straight.