# Talk Dialog

Tartaglia: I see... Yeah, this will make a wonderful gift.
Yoimiya: Yae Publishing House released several new novels recently. Shigeru told me that a good number of them are children's fairy tales — perfect for reading aloud to kids.
Yoimiya: Oh, and Ogura Mio has just received a new batch of silk. She might've come up with some new kimono designs.
Yoimiya: But do you still remember what size your sister wears? The kimono might look a little off if you get the size wrong.
Tartaglia: Lemme think for a second, I've bought clothes for her plenty of times before... That's it, I believe it's...
Tartaglia: Ah, hold on — she's having her growth spurt at the moment... She probably doesn't fit into anything I've bought her in the past anymore.
Yoimiya: It's okay if you don't know her exact size. You can always just buy her a few bolts of silk instead! Who knows, maybe she'd like that even better.
Yoimiya: Oh! And why don't you take some fireworks with you as well? I just finished creating a new design that's both pretty and relatively quiet. I'm sure your siblings are gonna love it!
Yoimiya: Hmm... What else should you get them... lemme think.
Traveler: What are you two doing?
Tartaglia: Oh, it's you. Yoimiya was just recommending some Inazuman specialties for me to bring back as souvenirs.
Tartaglia: If it weren't for her, I wouldn't have the slightest idea what to buy.
Traveler: So how did you two meet?
Tartaglia: Hehe, talk about a coincidence. I happened to be passing through Inazuma while taking care of some... work. I wanted to grab some presents for my younger siblings while I was here, but I couldn't decide on what to buy.
Tartaglia: Teucer once told me that he wanted to hold an Onikabuto, so I decided to go catch one of those little bugs first.
Tartaglia: As I was looking for Onikabuto in the forest, I saw a child playing all on his own... and he was headed straight for a camp of monsters.
Tartaglia: So I stopped the child, dealt with the monsters, and then he led me back to Yoimiya.
Tartaglia: After that... Well, I was designated as the "Anti-Mujina Specialist."
Tartaglia: It's a shame the kids' parents came and took everyone back home, saying that they'd had enough adventures outside. *sigh* Our hunt for the youkai came to an abrupt end.
Tartaglia: The ship I'll be leaving on will arrive in Inazuma in just a few days. Then it'll be my turn to go back home.
Tartaglia: Oh, by the way, Yoimiya, can you recommend a few local beverages as well?
Yoimiya: Local beverages? But you're going to be on a ship for quite some time, right? Beverages spoil easily... How about bringing some snacks with a longer shelf life? Something like Tricolor Dango or Sakura Mochi, for example.
Yoimiya: Saika loves Tricolor Dango, but the adults in her family always scold her for eating too many and spoiling her appetite.
Tartaglia: Teucer used to be like that too. After having too many snacks, he'd refuse to eat his meals and end up getting yelled at by Father...
Tartaglia: Anyways, thanks Yoimiya. I gotta make sure I have enough Mora for all this.
Tartaglia: Two kimonos, three bolts of silk, one novel, five boxes of snacks... Oh, and the Onikabuto as well.
Yoimiya: You really care a lot about your family, Tartaglia...
Traveler: Did anything weird happen?
Yoimiya: Oh, you mean with Tartaglia? Nah, everything's fine. He took great care of the kids and even promised Iwao he'd teach him a few moves with a sword.
Yoimiya: Though, I have to say... It's amazing you have so many friends from all over the world.
Traveler: It's not that many, really...
Yoimiya: You're so lucky... I'd travel all across the world too if I had the chance. I want to see all that there is to see and make friends with all kinds of people... I would even go on adventures with them, just like you do...
Yoimiya: But for now, I have to stay home with my pops, so I won't be traveling far anytime soon.
Yoimiya: Don't keep it a secret next time you come to Inazuma, okay? Just be sure to visit Naganohara Fireworks first and tell me all about the amazing things you've seen on your journey.
Traveler: It's because I'm always traveling...
Traveler: Is everything alright?