# Talk Dialog

Hardy Two-Blades: How embarrassing...
Traveler: The swine is here!
Paimon: And uncultured Paimon is here too!
Hardy Two-Blades: You two! Are you trying to make me mad!?
Hardy Two-Blades: Fine! I lost. I'll apologize for the inappropriate comments I made before!
Hardy Two-Blades: I'm sorry! Go ahead, make fun of me as much as you'd like!
Hardy Two-Blades: However, you will lose to Lady Haniyyah. I have nothing to do with her victories, but at least it proves that I've placed my faith in the right place!
Paimon: Why do you have so much faith in Haniyyah? Could it be that she's helped you or saved your life before?
Hardy Two-Blades: It's a long story...
Hardy Two-Blades: Back then, a couple of Treasure Hoarders found a way to somehow anger a large group of Sumpter Beasts. They planned to use the angered Sumpter Beasts to charge and disperse a caravan to make it easier to rob them of their goods...
Hardy Two-Blades: I'm not sure how, but Lady Haniyyah noticed the Sumpter Beasts' strange behavior and calmed them before it all went down. The disaster was averted before it even happened.
Paimon: Wait, could it be that you were a guard with the caravan? So Haniyyah saved your employer's Mora... So in turn, saved your Mora... and maybe even your life!
Hardy Two-Blades: No, I was just passing by.
Hardy Two-Blades: But with my years of experience as a mercenary, I'm certain that it wasn't something I'd be able to walk away from if I were to get dragged into it.
Hardy Two-Blades: Lady Haniyyah's abilities as a beast tamer are far greater than the weapons in my hand. That's why I sealed my dual blades, left the Eremites, and began training in the way of beast taming.
Hardy Two-Blades: Do you understand now? Lady Haniyyah has shown me a path to a greater future. She is a respectable figure!
Traveler: Y—Yeah, we understand...
Paimon: Erm... the logic of it all sounds a little strange... but it kinda makes sense...
Traveler: Please continue making a fool out of yourself. We'll be on our way.
Hardy Two-Blades: Argh! Get out of here! I have nothing to say to you either!