# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Bongo-Head, Kindlejoy, Twirly-Whirly, Blitzara! You're all here!
Traveler: The gang's all here, indeed.
Paimon: Make sure you listen to Haniyyah, alright? Eat on time, sleep well, train hard, and live happy lives!
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Twirly-Whirly: ♩~
Blitzara: ♬~
Paimon: Hehehe, that's good, that's good. We'll have loads of presents for you all the next time we meet!
Traveler: Behold Paimon, grandmaster of the fungal tongue!
Paimon: Hehe, to be honest, Paimon doesn't know what they're saying either, but they sure do look happy, and they listen to Paimon!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon already knows what we should bring them then...
Paimon: We'll get Bongo-Head a real round hat. It'll look nice and it'll also protect its soft head.
Paimon: It can wear that hat, and when it doesn't, Paimon will take care of it.
Paimon: That way, Bongo-Head will never go bongo-less, and it'll be cooler than ever!
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Traveler: Bongo-Head's a Hydro Fungus...
Paimon: Uh, um... Guess we can just get it a waterproof hat! Y'know, maybe we'll get one that's made of Nilotpala Lotus or something like that. That way, the water droplets will just slide off it!
Paimon: It'll be a bit more expensive, but eh, it's fine — you can just take it out of Paimon's allowance!
Paimon: Twirly-Whirly's next up. We should get it a satchel for it to store Marvelous Jellies. That way, it can just grab some whenever it's hungry.
Paimon: Twirly-Whirly is all floaty-boaty, it can use Anemo, and it's really strong, too — carrying stuff for the other Fungi should be no problem!
Paimon: It can drag its own luggage along, after all.
Traveler: Twirly-Whirly's pretty strong.
Twirly-Whirly: ♩~
Paimon: Hehe! Looks like Twirly-Whirly loves the idea!
Paimon: Kindlejoy's up next. We need to pick a snug eyemask for it that won't fall off no matter how it swings around...
Paimon: Right, we should also find an opportunity to have Haniyyah take its measurements.
Traveler: And what for again?
Paimon: C'mon, Kindlejoy's a Pyro Fungus. Just think about it. Pyro Fungi are like, super shiny!
Paimon: Don't you think that the light that Kindlejoy might wind up waking itself up with its own light from time to time? That sounds like it'd be really uncomfortable!
Traveler: Well, do you see Kindlejoy having eye bags?
Paimon: Maybe we should just ask the shroom in question!
Paimon: Kindlejoy, do you normally sleep well?
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: It seems to be saying... "very well indeed"... So it doesn't have this particular problem, huh.
Paimon: Let's give this a little more thought. Paimon's sure that we can come up with something that Kindlejoy will love!
Paimon: Next, let's talk about Blitzara's gift. Paimon thinks it should be a drawing board that you can leave traces on using Electro.
Paimon: Blitzara's a very active and agile sort, so it should really enjoy drawing!
Paimon: And it can also get some exercise at the same time — two birds with one stone!
Blitzara: ♬~
Traveler: It would need to give you the option of scrubbing the board clean.
Paimon: That's true! Let's give that function a bit of thought before placing an order with a craftsperson, shall we?
Paimon: We also need to think about who would be able to fulfill such a commission...
Traveler: Hmm, but you know, you've already revealed the contents of the gifts...
Paimon: Hehe, it's fine! Paimon said that we'd come up with "loads" of presents, so there'll be more to come!
Paimon: We can take our time to consider and take our pick. We're not strictly by numbers, after all.
Paimon: Our goal is to make sure that our shroom buddies will have loads of fun with the gifts!
Traveler: A pile of gifts it shall be.
Paimon: Alright, guess we should set off too. Let's take as many commissions as we can, so that we can save the Mora we'll need to buy these presents.
Paimon: Alright then, Bongo-Head, Kindlejoy, Twirly-Whirly, Blitzara. We'll see you all soon, so be patient, alright?
Traveler: It'll be tons of fun indeed!
Traveler: Haven't you already ruined the surprise at this point, though?
Traveler: We'd have to prevent the drawing board from turning into an utter mess.
Traveler: Hmm... Y'know, when you put it like that, it does seem that Haniyyah might be the one who needs an eyemask.
Traveler: Wait, I don't get the point of this gift.
Traveler: Don't you mean it'll be wetter than ever?
Traveler: Teach me your ways, great master!
Traveler: We'll come back and play with them later.
Paimon: Hmm, it seems like Haniyyah and Souka are getting ready to leave soon. Let's be quick and make sure we come back in time and get to see everyone!