# Talk Dialog

Diluc: Hello, everyone.
Paimon: Woah, is that Master Diluc!
Lisa: Oh, Diluc. What's someone as busy as you doing in this neck of the woods?
Traveler: It's really been a while!
Diluc: Elzer told me the Knights launched a new commercial endeavor that turned out to be quite the hit. I think he was a bit surprised by the level of success, so he told me to come check it out.
Diluc: But, seeing as you two are the ones in charge, I'm really not surprised at all. The Knights definitely chose the most reliable people for the job.
Paimon: Uh, Elzer is the manager of Dawn Winery, right? Huh, Paimon thought he didn't get out much. Wonder how he heard about our shop...
Paimon: Wait, are we that famous already?
Diluc: No need to sound so surprised.
Diluc: The Winery keeps us all very busy. Elzer only takes the time to brief me with this sort of intel if he thinks we are faced with a real threat.
Diluc: In such a short amount of time, you've been able to establish complete production and supply lines, and even receive orders from all around Teyvat...
Diluc: If you were in the wine business, you'd already be one of our biggest rivals.
Paimon: Woah, woah! Threat? Rival?
Traveler: We're coming for your business!
Lisa: Oh? You sure seem eager, cutie.
Lisa: Looks like you really want to go toe to toe with the number one wine merchant in all of Mondstadt. Are you just itching to see whose business prowess would come out on top?
Diluc: #Hmm, a competition with {NICKNAME}... That's not a bad suggestion.
Diluc: You're extremely knowledgeable and well-traveled. If we were to become competitors, I'm sure you'd throw many a challenge my way — probably even some I've never faced before.
Diluc: But, I was really just using the wine industry as an example to emphasize your success. Our two industries aren't exactly fighting for the same market space.
Diluc: Actually, the success of your potion shop is good for the Winery's business.
Paimon: Good for your business? Paimon's lost. You were just talking about how the two industries were separate, and now they're suddenly connected?
Lisa: Hehe, it's a bit convoluted.
Lisa: Alcohol is a commodity that most people consume in their free time. In order to have free time, though, you have to get off work early. For the alcohol industry to thrive, consumers need to have both the time and the money to spend.
Diluc: That's exactly right.
Diluc: Your potions allow people to work more efficiently. As they get more popular, people will be able to complete their work faster. The more free time people have, the bigger the market there is for a commodity like mine.
Paimon: Oh, that makes sense! It's hard to be in the mood to go out and enjoy life if you're super busy all the time.
Paimon: Paimon never thought about it that way before... There sure are a lot of layers to running a business!
Paimon: Guess this means we're in the Mora-making business together, then. Hey, why don't you try out one of our potions?
Traveler: Please check out our offerings, dear partner!
Diluc: Hmm, I do have quite the interest in the effects of alchemical potions...
Diluc: Well, since you offered, please make a potion that can reduce the anxieties of the user while also improving their attention to detail.
Lisa: Reduce anxiety while also improving the user's attention to detail? That almost sounds a little contradictory to me.
Lisa: I must admit to being curious. If my cuties do manage to make this potion for you, Diluc, how exactly do you intend to use it?
Diluc: Well, I mentioned before that people with ample free time are an important consumer base for my industry. But, actually, the same is true for people who are incredibly busy and overwhelmed with work.
Diluc: After a period of high stress, like a busy work day, it can take a while for people to fully decompress. It's also common for that type of stress to leave people so exhausted that all they can do is spend the rest of the day in a daze.
Diluc: That level of stress and exhaustion makes it hard for people to derive pleasure from things they usually enjoy... like relishing the flavor of their favorite food and drink.
Paimon: *sigh* You can say that again...
Paimon: Paimon's definitely been there before. Sometimes, after a really long day, Paimon'll be so tired, but she just can't relax. Not even her favorite snacks would hit the spot like they usually do...
Lisa: My poor little cuties. Sounds like things can get quite tough out on the road... You know what, you just earned yourself some extra snacks at our upcoming tea party. Once this is all over, I'll personally see to it that you get the chance for a proper rest.
Paimon: So, basically, you need us to make a potion that decreases tension, but increases attention, so that people can still enjoy the finer things in life no matter how busy or stressed they are... Did Paimon get that right?
Diluc: Exactly. Wine is meant to be savored. Drinking it without being able to appreciate its subtle notes and characteristics is a loss not just for the winemaker, but for the consumer as well.
Diluc: If we can increase the alertness of those too exhausted to perceive the subtle notes, but decrease the restlessness of those too agitated to raise their glass, then we can be sure to reach a point of balance where all can enjoy their wine to the fullest extent.
Traveler: Excellently put, Master Diluc!
Paimon: ...Well, um, it's definitely a unique request. Seems like this would be a tricky challenge for any potion-maker.
Paimon: We should get to thinking, then. First things first, let's figure out what ingredients to use!
Traveler: I see the vision now!
Traveler: If you want something, just name it, and we'll make it!
Traveler: Let the trade war begin!
Traveler: Fancy seeing you here, Master Diluc.