# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Lan Yan: I was just thinking about what you could add to this place...
Traveler: Oh? Is there something I'm missing?
Lan Yan: Well... I wanted to make some rattan furniture for you, but it looks like you have everything covered around here...
Traveler: Oh, yeah! They're all things from my collection, or things I made myself.
Lan Yan: Hehe, I can tell they mean a lot to you. All of these pieces are in great shape! You must really cherish them.
Lan Yan: Wait, I've got it!
Lan Yan: I'll make rattan covers for your furniture. Oh, and some of the more fragile trinkets around here, too! You'll never have to worry about scratches again!
Traveler: That sounds like a lot of work!
Lan Yan: It's no trouble at all! Don't forget, I'm a member of the Artisans Association. It's what I do! And, I enjoy it!
Lan Yan: Besides, I'm the one imposing upon your hospitality. It's the least I can do!
Lan Yan: If you like the idea, then I'll get started right away. If you have reservations... just let me know!
Traveler: I'd love nothing more than to add Madame Lan's works to my collection!
Lan Yan: Haha, you flatter me! To have such an eminent figure praise my work... The honor is all mine!
Lan Yan: Alright, I humored you, so we can drop the formalities, right?
Lan Yan: Then, let me say this...
Lan Yan: Once the covers are ready, don't feel like you need to store them away for safe-keeping. Use them to your heart's content!
Lan Yan: Oh, and promise me you won't cover them with any cloth to try and protect them...
Lan Yan: *sigh*... I barely remember what our own furniture looks like... Every day, it's like my mom adds another layer of cloth...
Traveler: Alright, you have my word!
Lan Yan: Great! Then I'll get started right away. Measurements first!
Traveler: How can I help?
Lan Yan: Actually, there is something I need from you...
Lan Yan: Tell me the stories behind all these items! I'm dying to know!
Traveler: What if I damage them?
Lan Yan: Oh, that's what you're worried about?
Lan Yan: All rattan strands are washed, sun-dried, shaped, and planed before using, and that doesn't even touch on the steaming, oiling, or coloring processes...
Lan Yan: Point being, it's not an issue! Not to brag or anything, but my rattan crafts are extremely durable! You don't have to worry about moisture or insects!
Lan Yan: Even if they get damaged — and that's a big if — I can always fix them. Unless, you're saying you don't trust my skills...