# Talk Dialog

Mona: Hmm... Well, I do find inspiration sometimes when I play with the cats.
Mona: But as I do, I find my motivation to write waning... On the other end, you're always raring to go every time I see you. It's almost as if you're simply inexhaustible!
Traveler: Hold on, we're not workaholics either!
Paimon: Yeah! We're always traveling, so we don't do too much exhausting work.
Mona: #But when I dropped by The Steambird before to take care of some things, I noticed an editor compiling mountains of notes. Hundreds were related to "a {M#Blond}{F#Blonde} Traveler."
Mona: Destroying the Pufferfruit floating here and there, defeating monsters and bandits up and down the land, escorting masterless cargo through dangerous areas...
Mona: And every seven days, taking care of commissions from ordinary citizens, sometimes completing dangerous bounties...
Mona: Your weekly workload is practically fourteen to seventy times that of some elite adventurers! Some people even ask for star readings to predict when you'll arrive, just so they can hire you!
Paimon: Huh? So, we... Are we actually that hardworking... and popular?
Mona: If you could apply that same industriousness to helping me write articles... I mean, I would provide a detailed summary and the underlying theoretical basis, and you would just help me put it to paper...
Mona: We could probably publish hundreds of papers in a year... No, we'd be able to publish a slew of books with tons of time to spare!
Traveler: Great! And what would my cut be?
Paimon: Paimon's not sure you get paid all that much for your writing anyway... Would there be enough left if we split the proceeds...?
Mona: We'd split it down the middle regardless of the amount, of course! With my brains and your tireless toil, it would be a completely fair arrangement! The more we write, the more we'll sell and the greater the readership. The income will naturally grow substantially!
Mona: Oh, I've prepared a whole bunch of theses! So many that I'd not run out of material even if I proceeded at an ideal pace for several years! I'll wager that plenty of those articles will end up being cited and utilized by the academic community — and oh, those licensing fees will be glorious!
Mona: Anyway, if you are willing, then we can discuss the details once I've finished preparations.
Mona: Who knows? Perhaps we'll become an ace astrology arrangement with the highest proportion of thesis contributions!
Traveler: My handwriting isn't exactly the prettiest...
Paimon: Now that you mention it, compared to professional authors, Paimon's handwriting is also... Well, not the best, and not very fast either.
Mona: That's fine. I can buy a typewriter from Fontaine, and it's not like articles printed in newspapers use our original handwriting!
Mona: And they write quite elegantly indeed, but a typewriter that would fit the title of "the Great Astrologist" would be hard to find... Still, I'm sure I can purchase one if I search hard enough!
Traveler: Are the manuscripts being difficult lately?
Mona: "Difficult" is not the phrasing I'd use. "Not ideal in quality," perhaps. Though the results of my astrological observations are crystal clear, and my mind is equally sure about how it wants to convey them, I just can't put quill to paper.
Mona: If I were to put out something wishy-washy under these circumstances, the quality would not be worthy of the name of Mona Megistus, the Astrologist!
Paimon: Ah, so it's not just "burnout," but the high expectations you have for yourself...
Mona: Yes, and it was at such a moment that I happened to hear about the trial opening of the Furball Fortress, and thought I'd come and try relaxing a bit here. You know, get myself back in the right state of mind.
Mona: But after playing with the cats, I found that I was... too relaxed, while the study of the stars and penning papers requires a certain seriousness...
Paimon: That's totally normal! Maybe you just haven't played enough! If you cut playtime short and force yourself to work, it's no surprise that you won't be able to focus!
Paimon: Just don't think about anything, empty your head completely, and just take a nap when you tire yourself out from playing! You'll definitely be full of energy and enthusiasm the next day!
Traveler: That would be ideal, anyway...
Mona: You do have a point, Paimon, which does fit with another possibility — which is that the current course of fate has yet to come into contact with some key factor.
Mona: Deadlines are fixed, but days suited to important work are flexible. We must wait for the crucial sign...
Mona: But for now, I shall follow your advice and stop thinking. I'll continue enjoying myself here in the Furball Fortress. Who knows? The sign that I should pick up my pen just might come tomorrow...
Mona: #Thanks, {NICKNAME}! And you too, Paimon!
Traveler: But what if you still just wanna have fun...
Traveler: We'll talk again later!
Mona: Yes, it looks like you still have work to do. I shan't take up any more of your time, then.