# Talk Dialog

Gorou: Oho, so you're the ones behind the potion shop I've heard so much about! When it comes to fulfilling requests, I heard the customer's wish is practically your command.
Paimon: Huh? Gorou? Where did you come from?
Paimon: Oh, and Kirara's here too! What are you guys doing in Mondstadt?
Traveler: Didn't expect to see you here!
Kirara: Hehe, the Komaniya Express operates all across Teyvat, so I'm always on the road.
Kirara: I'm actually pretty familiar with Mondstadt from my trips here in the past. General Gorou, on the other hand... seems to still be getting the lay of the land... He got lost not too far from here...
Gorou: *ahem* Well, I would normally be provided with ample intel before carrying out an operation in a foreign territory... But, Watatsumi Island isn't exactly home to many people who've been to Mondstadt. I wasn't even able to obtain a map of the region.
Gorou: I've basically had to perform initial reconnaissance in the middle of a formal operation — not exactly ideal conditions for an error-free mission!
Kirara: Affirmative, General! Next time, I'll procure the most detailed map available and make sure you have it at your disposal from mission outset! Over and out!
Gorou: You can drop the formalities, Kirara. I don't expect you to report back to me like I'm your commanding officer. We hired you as a consultant. It wouldn't be fair to treat you like one of my soldiers.
Kirara: Hey now, it's not like this is some one-sided partnership. We agreed, right? In exchange for my services, you'll help promote our business to the people of Watatsumi Island. Your good word will be integral in helping the Komaniya Express become people's first choice for all their delivery needs!
Kirara: Our future business is counting on you!
Paimon: Back to Paimon's question, though. You still haven't told us what you're doing in Mondstadt. You mentioned something about a mission?
Gorou: Ah yes... It's a funny story actually.
Gorou: Recently, Watatsumi Island has been looking for ways to increase transportation efficiency. Basically, this means improving the operations of our cargo ships. So, we decided to send teams across Teyvat to learn about the most advanced techniques different nations have to offer.
Gorou: We had just wrapped up our trip to Liyue when we heard word of your mysterious potion shop. So, we decided to postpone our return journey for a bit and come check it out.
Gorou: Turns out it was the right choice!
Paimon: Well, Paimon's gotta say, you've practically hit the jackpot by coming here! We've got stuff you can't find anywhere else!
Traveler: We'll make you something super special!
Lisa: Oh? More customers from abroad? Hehe, my cuties sure are popular. You really do have friends all over Teyvat...
Lisa: Hm, looking at your two friends here... I can't help but be reminded of my dear little wolf cub... You know what? I should introduce you some time. For some reason, I have a feeling the three of you would really hit it off...
Lisa: In fact, once you've wrapped up your potion purchasing, why don't you both join me and my cuties for afternoon tea? I'll even bring my student along.
Kirara: Afternoon tea? Sounds great! I could really use some refreshments. Long days of deliveries always leave me parched. Thanks for the invitation!
Gorou: Uh, something tells me you're not going to take no for an answer, hehe... Wait, why does this feel so familiar...
Gorou: #Uh, anyway... Traveler, care to make some introductions?
Traveler: This is the guardian mage of tomes and spells!
Gorou: G—Guardian mage? Wow, what an impressive title... Is it a position similar to that of a Guuji?
Gorou: Or, wait... Could it be that I'm in the presence of someone as high-ranking as Her Excellency, like Lady Sangonomiya herself!?
Paimon: #Honestly, Traveler... You're gonna give the guy a heart attack.
Paimon: Don't be nervous, Gorou. That's just, uh... a nickname! Her real name is Lisa. She's works as a librarian here in Mondstadt. And, she's also the person in charge of our shop!
Paimon: Lisa, this is Gorou. He's a suuuper powerful general from Watatsumi Island. And this is Kirara. She's a suuuper punctual delivery woman with the Komaniya Express.
Lisa: Kirara... Hmm, the name sounds familiar. Ah, the collection of books from Inazuma that I have in the library... You were the one who delivered them, yes? What a helpful little gem, you are!
Kirara: Hehe, I'm glad our paths have crossed again, Miss Lisa. I hope you'll consider me for future delivery jobs as well!
Lisa: As for my cuties' other acquaintance... I believe I've read a few articles about you, General Gorou. I seem to recall more than a few references to your empathetic nature and skillful approach to leading your troops.
Lisa: Let me guess... Your troops are also the focus of your potion inquiry here today?
Gorou: Exactly!
Gorou: Commercial activity between Watatsumi Island and other regions has been on the rise recently. The workload has increased so much, both the soldiers who work on our shipping convoys and the sailors who work on the merchant vessels are struggling to keep up.
Gorou: What would really come in handy would be a potion that could help them handle their intense workload. Like one that could enhance their energy and physical strength.
Kirara: Okay, I could definitely use a potion like that as well!
Kirara: When I'm out on a long delivery, you wouldn't believe how tired my legs would get from trekking across all that rugged terrain — not to mention the damage it does to my paws.
Lisa: My cuties should be more than familiar with that kind of potion by now. I'm sure they'll have it done in no time.
Traveler: Should be doable.
Paimon: Yep, leave it to us!
Lisa: Well, while you two hop to it, I'm going to find an idle knight to deliver a letter to my little wolf cub, and ask him to treat us to the pleasure of his company.
Lisa: Once my cuties are done brewing a potion that satisfies your needs, we'll all celebrate over afternoon tea!
Kirara: Hehe, afternoon tea on the banks of Cider Lake... Wonder what that'll be like? I can't wait to find out!
Gorou: Phew, I'm just glad I've finally found a way to help my troops...
Traveler: We've got this!
Traveler: She also makes a mean cup of tea!
Traveler: We'll make sure you leave with something fun and useful!
Traveler: What a pleasant surprise!