# Talk Dialog

Phonia: We meet again, Honorary Knight. When Su Ding mentioned he planned on inviting a reliable outside expert to join us, I immediately thought of you.
Traveler: Sorry, I don't remember you very well...
Phonia: That's fine, after all, I'm just a cog in the machine. Officers don't necessarily have to remember the name of everyone serving under them, just their positions and duties. That's enough to be able to effectively give orders.
Phonia: I'm Phonia, formerly a Signals Officer of the Investigative Team. I'm responsible for testing alchemical instruments developed by Captain Albedo and exploring the uses of remote reconnaissance technology.
Phonia: However, in light of how the Knights of Favonius have updated their tactics and the staffing structure now that some units from the expeditionary force have returned, Captain Albedo applied to have me assigned to the reorganized 7th Company.
Phonia: The 7th Company is temporarily designated as a "Combined Arms Company," which integrates knights with a range of capabilities into a single combat unit, with a balance of ranged and melee firepower. Such a unit is also very reliant on reconnaissance.
Phonia: When the time comes, the expeditionary force's No. 2 — the venerable Commander Frederica Gunnhildr might become our Company's Captain.
Phonia: After all, Commander Frederica has served for longer than many Knights have been alive, and her experience in battle is unmatched. It wouldn't be too much to say she is perfectly suited for leadership.
Traveler: Gunnhildr? That sounds familiar...
Phonia: Correct! Commander Frederica is the Acting Grand Master's mother, and is famous throughout Mondstadt.
Phonia: She's been on active duty on the front lines for decades on end, never tiring or slowing. When the youths of Mondstadt talk of their dreams of being a hero, the name "Frederica" is never far from their lips.
Phonia: And I was one of them! When I joined the Knights of Favonius, it was because of my admiration for Commander Frederica...
Phonia: Of course, I later realized that I was only talented enough to be just one more cog in the machine. As for the heroic protagonists of the storybooks that can take on a hundred foes all alone... that's another story.
Traveler: Jean's mother...
Phonia: That's only my speculation as a Signals Officer. As I see it, the 7th Company will likely be one of the most formidable units, and so Commander Frederica would be the most suitable candidate for Captain.
Phonia: Though Commander Frederica's position in the Knights of Favonius long surpassed any ordinary Captain, she doesn't seem to like pushing paperwork around and insists on staying on the front lines, toe-to-toe with foes.
Phonia: In principle, the Knights of Favonius value ability and experience equally, so after she returns, perhaps we'll see the Acting Grand Master giving orders to Commander Frederica...
Phonia: The two of them should have absolutely seamless synergy.
Traveler: Might become a Captain?
Traveler: Isn't that also Jean's last name...?
Traveler: I feel like I've seen you before...
Phonia: That's right! We've met once before, while I was executing the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation.
Phonia: Since then, I've been carrying out experiments to advance alchemical detection equipment as planned, and have worked with the Reconnaissance Company and Outriders on numerous occasions.
Phonia: Over time, I slowly became a slightly more important cog in the Knights of Favonius's intelligence machine, and that's why I was chosen to participate in this event.
Phonia: Who knows, maybe the next time you return to the Knights to take on a commission, the intel I gather will be useful to you!
Traveler: How do you think the Wargame is going?
Phonia: The thing that strikes me most is how each nation has a vastly different approach to fighting.
Phonia: Due to the different levels of focus on the size of their forces and training, the Millelith are concerned more with formations and the disposition of their troops.
Phonia: When clearing out hordes of monsters, they're like a steel-flanked juggernaut. They can just directly roll over an entire camp of the beasties, crushing everything in their path. Offense and defense all in one, completely unstoppable.
Phonia: When operating on terrain ill-suited to deploying a wide front line, they'll split up, reassembling into multiple smaller formations of the appropriate dimensions such that their flexibility to pursue their objectives isn't compromised.
Phonia: Even if an opponent studies their tactics and formations, and their intelligence is accurate, it would still be difficult to find a weakness to exploit.
Phonia: Fortunately, this style requires a very high degree of awareness and discipline from every soldier. In all of Teyvat, maybe only Liyue's Millelith can do that...
Traveler: I won't keep you any longer.
Phonia: Then we'll talk more next time, Honorary Knight.