# Talk Dialog

Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament finals are upon us! Haniyyah, the beast tamer veteran, is going up against the powerful Golden Comet and Silver Companion!"
Traveler: Most Liked Comment
Message Board: "The competition is too jam-packed. There are too many matches going on at the same time. I haven't even had the time to get to know the background of all the competitors, and we're already at the finals, ugh!"
Message Board: "If there are more competitions after this one, please don't schedule the matches so closely together! And maybe consider revival matches to give competitors who had a bad day a second chance!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Thank you for your support! The staff at Nilotpala Cup has received your suggestions."
Message Board: "The first ever Nilotpala Cup hoped to deliver the joy of 'Beast Taming' and 'Fungus Battle' to everyone. Due to limited resources, we apologize and ask for your understanding for any inconvenience."
Message Board: "The next season of the Nilotpala Cup is already in the works. We have plans to adjust the tempo of the matches and the rules of the competition. Please feel free to sign up and participate if you are interested."
Message Board: "With all of your wisdom and input, we are confident that the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament will be an event that takes Sumeru by storm!"
Traveler: Most Disliked Comment
Message Board: "It's finally the finals. I've been waiting for an evenly matched fight."
Message Board: "To be honest, the matches prior to this one were a little boring. They were too friendly! There was no excitement... I'd rather see the competitors give it everything they've got. I want them to go for each other's throats! An exciting competition should be fierce and filled with rivalry!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "I completely disagree! This is a competitive event, not a brawl! The cute Fungi should be quickly tended to after being wounded in the match. And you're here talking about spilling blood!?"
Message Board: "If it's excitement that you're looking for, you can go pick up one of the bounties posted by the Corps of Thirty and go fight the vicious Fungi in the wild!"
Message Board: "Not only will that satisfy your needs, it'll also bring great joy to us!"
Traveler: Most Interesting Comment
Message Board: "Someone mentioned before that we can use tamed Fungi to help with security. I find that to be a great idea. It can even be applied to other areas as well!"
Message Board: "They can help with protecting cargo shipments, crop irrigation, or even mining. The possibilities are endless."
Message Board: "Obviously, it's all on the premise that the 'beast taming' techniques are steadily passed on to more people, and the cost of Wisdom Orbs is reduced."
Message Board: "Also, we'll have to monitor and solve any issues regarding the reliability of the Wisdom Orbs once its application is introduced on a large scale..."
Message Board: "Maybe the organizers should hire the competitors as instructors to teach the general public about the usage of the orbs... Hmm, that could be a great idea."
Traveler: Leave.