# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Bongo-Head! Kindlejoy! Long time no see! Paimon's missed you!
Traveler: Pinch our fungi friends!
Bongo-Head: ♪
Kindlejoy: ♫~
Paimon: Paimon wants to hold Bongo-Head and pinch Kindlejoy, too!
Bongo-Head: ♪♪~
Kindlejoy: ♫♫~
Paimon: Huh? Hold on a second...
Paimon: You both still look more or less the same, but it feels like... you've gotten rounder!
Traveler: That means they've been eating well!
Paimon: Well, if they keep eating well, maybe they'll be bigger than even us one day!
Paimon: Then, when we travel together, Bongo-Head can put us on its head and fly in the sky!
Paimon: And if Bongo-Head gets tired, then Kindlejoy will take us, or we can find a Sumpter Beast and all ride on it!
Bongo-Head: ♪♪♪!
Kindlejoy: ♫♫♫!
Paimon: Looks like you're all looking forward to the journey, huh?
Paimon: Once the Wisdom Orb is improved, and the Fungi can move more freely...
Paimon: #Where should we go? Traveler, should we start planning?
Traveler: That means Haniyyah is taking good care of them!
Traveler: Let's feed them first.
Paimon: Sure! We have a few new jelly flavors this time, too. What flavor will we go with?
Traveler: Use the Fish and Chips-flavored jellies.
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Kindlejoy: ♫~
Paimon: Paimon didn't think the fungi would like Fish and Chips!
Paimon: Guess they're not picky about what they eat. That's good! A good appetite is important for staying healthy!
Paimon: Hmm... Y'know, since we've discovered new dishes in Fontaine, we can tell Haniyyah and get her to develop new jelly flavors!
Traveler: Use the Coffee-flavored jellies.
Bongo-Head: !
Kindlejoy: !
Paimon: They look even more energetic now!
Paimon: Huh, do Coffee-flavored jellies actually contain coffee?
Traveler: Use the Fonta-flavored jellies.
Bongo-Head: ?
Kindlejoy: ?
Paimon: Uh, it looks like they're about to float away!
Paimon: So they can't have carbonated things?
Traveler: And this is...
Paimon: Looks like a Gardemek that Turenna brought with her.
Paimon: Was it playing with the Fungi while we were gone?
Gardemek (Observe the Gardemek): (The Gardemek seems to nod as its parts whirl and make low mechanical noises.)
Gardemek (Observe the Gardemek): (Despite not speaking, it gives off a sense of... elegance, for some reason.)
Paimon: How polite! Paimon will give you a great nickname!
Paimon: How about... Miss Gardemetiquette!
Gardemek (Observe the "Miss Gardemetiquette"): (The Gardemek's visible parts glow faintly with joy.)
Paimon: Hey! Seems like it likes the name!
Paimon: The fungi will be happy to have a new friend like you, Miss Gardemetiquette!
Traveler: Let's leave for now...
Paimon: Well, we'll come play with our Fungi friends when we have time, right?