# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Faruzan: Hmm... I'm trying to figure out what the kids from the desert might enjoy. Would they prefer snacks or toys...?
Faruzan: Do you have some time to help me out?
Traveler: You're headed to the desert?
Faruzan: Mm-hmm. A colleague of mine left the Akademiya some time ago to return to the desert as a teacher. I received a missive from her the other day.
Faruzan: She was wondering if I had any interest in paying her a visit, and perhaps holding a few literacy classes for the students...
Traveler: That's great! You'll finally have some new students!
Faruzan: Haha, so you haven't forgotten about my wish.
Faruzan: But the point of this trip would be to just help them learn to read some of the most commonly used words.
Faruzan: We want to make reading easier for them so they can hopefully discover more interests on their own.
Faruzan: If some of the seeds that we plant today can take root and grow into lofty trees in the future, that is enough for me.
Faruzan: Whether they choose to pursue the same field of research as me is a separate matter... Ultimately, it will all depend on their natural aptitude.
Traveler: You're hoping that some of them do, right?
Faruzan: Hmph, look at you, trying to figure me out. Do I detect someone is getting a little too big for their boots?
Faruzan: There's no point in teaching you a different kind of lesson right this moment, though. I still need time to finish some prep...
Faruzan: Speaking of prep... Ah, drat.
Traveler: What's wrong?
Faruzan: It just came back to me. A little while ago, the Akademiya announced a new set of rules for off-site teaching. Every instructor must fill out a whole set of application forms.
Faruzan: Ugh, what a nuisance.
Faruzan: Oh well, to the ends of the ruins with that. When they find me out, I'll just say my memory failed me. It's not like they can do anything to me.
Faruzan: Planning for my visit to the desert is far more important. Why don't you come with me to pick out some gifts? Snacks and toys... Let's get a good selection of both.
Traveler: Surely you'll get at least ONE new student from this?
Faruzan: Hmph, look at you, trying to take a dig at me. Do I detect someone is getting a little too big for their boots?