# Talk Dialog

Emura Chuuya (Young) (Emura Chuuya): *sob*...
Paimon: What is this place...?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's his sorrow... Yes, sheer overwhelming sorrow...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Human emotions exist in a delicate balance. When that balance is lost, negative emotions spiral out of control, and go on to fuel nightmares.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: By isolating these negative emotions and allowing them to fester, that monster has completely destroyed his emotional balance. That's why he was able to create such a powerful nightmare.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If we want to restore balance, we have to dispose of the excess negative emotion.
Paimon: Ah, so that's what you mean when you talk about "eating nightmares"?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well done, Paimon. Very clever.
Paimon: Alright... what's the next step?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I need to find a way to separate the negative emotions out. For that, I need a special medium...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Sorrow might just do the job. As long as it's kept in check, it can calm the waves of emotions and help him regain some measure of control.
"Mother": Let it out, Chuuya, let the tears flow. You'll feel better after a good cry.
Emura Chuuya (Young) (Emura Chuuya): *sob*...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: This process will untangle his unbridled fear and anger, his unresolved resentment, and his unshakeable despair...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: These excess emotions will be separated out from the rest. They are the source of this nightmare.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Argh!
Paimon: Mizuki!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's alright... It's an unpleasant flavor, but I've tasted it thousands of times.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A good cry can work wonders, even though he seems beyond helping... I think he should be able to take another step out from the swamp of despair now.
"Mother": Are you ready to come out now, Chuuya?
"Mother": I'll be waiting for you right here, son. I'd love to listen to more of your stories, whenever you're ready.
Emura Chuuya (Young) (Emura Chuuya): ...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Phew... Alright, there goes that nightmare. Hopefully, this marks the beginning of a sweeter dream...
Paimon: Amazing... Suddenly, Paimon feels so relaxed, and maybe even... happy?
Kuroyume: ...I thought I had found the perfect host. But you found the one weakness in his emotional armor...
Paimon: Aah! He's back again!
Kuroyume: Freeing a single host from my clutches changes nothing. You cannot stop me! I told you, you are too late!