# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Listen in)
Tea Master Liu Su: As you all know, the Guhua Brotherhood suffered a decline and became the Guhua Sect, and the Sect too withered and became the Guhua Clan as we know it today.
Tea Master Liu Su: Today we shall speak of a young hero of the Guhua Clan, a scholar and a swordsman.
Tea Master Liu Su: Now this young hero was dressed to impress, polite to a fault, fair-faced and keen-eyed...
Tea Master Liu Su: Wielding the sword and the scroll alike, he wandered far abroad like a visage of the Guhua Brotherhood of old...
Traveler: (Keep listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: Though the Clan had fallen far indeed, none of its members had ever ceased fighting for justice...
Tea Master Liu Su: And so one day, as the young hero passed through the stone forest of Jueyun Karst, he heard voices calling to each other through the mountain mist...
Tea Master Liu Su: The merchants with him were scared to death. It was all over — they were beset by bandits!
Tea Master Liu Su: But the hero, unflustered, unsheathed his blade, a poem on his lips...
Tea Master Liu Su: And hearing his words, the bandits in the shadows, too, were befuddled—
Traveler: Wow...
Tea Master Liu Su: "What sorcery is this lad working?"
Tea Master Liu Su: But in truth, the young hero was no thaumaturge. He spoke thus precisely in order to confound the villains while he marshaled the power of his Vision.
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, this is not well known, but the Guhua Clan's Way of the Rain Cutter is the art of forming blades out of water, countering hard blows with soft strikes.
Tea Master Liu Su: When one of these scoundrels saw the lad defenseless, he moved to strike!
Tea Master Liu Su: But before he knew it, the sound of ringing blades echoed in his ears. He looked, and behold! Ten swords now hung in the air, each made of coalesced water!
Tea Master Liu Su: The saying goes, "the essence of rain and dew grows cold, and fear grips the hearts of villains bold."
Tea Master Liu Su: In a flash, each scoundrel was struck down in turn by these swords, and there they lay, groaning and begging for their lives...
Traveler: Alright!
Tea Master Liu Su: ...But the young hero did not grow lax, for he heard a rustling in the bamboo forest, a sound most ominous.
Tea Master Liu Su: And indeed, another pair of eyes watched him from within...
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, who was this interloper...
Tea Master Liu Su: All shall be revealed in my next telling!
Traveler: (Stop listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: "What sorcery is this lad working?" But in truth, the young hero was no thaumaturge...