# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Charlotte: Sure — anything you wanna know about in particular? Ooh, I know... I'll tell you about the time that "Bedazzled!" caused a huge scandal.
Charlotte: They once ran a special report which claimed that the production and promotion of Fonta was part of a sinister plot by the Fontaine Research Institute.
Traveler: Sounds like a tasty conspiracy theory.
Charlotte: Right? Anyway, they put forward a theory that long-term consumption of Fonta makes human teeth and bones incredibly fragile.
Charlotte: It would end up destroying people's bodies to the point where they could no longer take care of themselves — even walking and eating would be agonizingly difficult.
Charlotte: Finally, people would be forced into relying on machines just to survive. And that's when the Fontaine Research Institute, who develops all kinds of meka, would swoop in to save the day and turn a huge profit in the process.
Traveler: That's extremely far-fetched...
Charlotte: Most of my colleagues and I thought so, too. As far as we're concerned, "Bedazzled!" makes up things like this all the time, so we thought nothing of it.
Charlotte: But it turned out that a whole bunch of people who already hated Fonta were completely convinced it was true... Well, either that, or they saw it as a good opportunity to vent their grievances.
Charlotte: Either way, after that article was published, the Maison Gestion was inundated with complaint letters accusing Fonta of harming children.
Charlotte: They claimed that Fonta doesn't just damage childrens' teeth, but also stunts their growth, discourages them from drinking plain water, and ruins their appetites...
Charlotte: It all got so out of hand that Mr. Heinry got pressured into doing a public interview with The Steambird, in which he stated that he would personally prove that Fonta was harmless...
Traveler: How did he plan to do that?
Charlotte: He declared that he would start drinking three cups of Fonta every day until he turned 60.
Charlotte: He also promised to publish the results of his monthly physical check-ups in The Steambird to make them available for public scrutiny.
Traveler: I shouldn't laugh, but... This is a hilarious story.
Charlotte: Hahaha, it really is. We've been joking about it in the office ever since. He's never gonna live this one down.
Charlotte: To his credit though, Mr. Heinry managed to turn the whole fiasco into a huge publicity stunt for Fonta. Their sales really rocketed for a while off the back of this.
Charlotte: And for all his big promises about publishing his monthly medical reports and drinking Fonta till he turned 60... Well, a few months later, everyone had moved on and forgotten all about it.