# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Gaming: You know, I haven't done a high-pole Wushou dance in aaages! I might go and gather some wood that I can sand down and use as Plum Blossom Poles.
Gaming: I should be able to find some in the area, but I wanna check first — do you have any Money Trees or Lucky Bamboo growing here?
Gaming: If so, I'll make a note of where they are so I can keep my distance. Wouldn't want to scratch one by mistake, that would ruin everything...
Traveler: What do Money Trees and Lucky Bamboo look like?
Gaming: You know, I'm not actually sure. I've delivered loads of them for business clients before, but they all seemed like different species.
Gaming: Dude, getting those things from where they grow in the mountains down into the city is a mammoth task. Not only is it a long journey, but they don't let you prune any of the branches off, and you have to water them according to a strict schedule...
Gaming: It's no joke. Fighting off ten bandits is an easier job than shifting one of those...
Gaming: Hehe, anyway, it's easy to poke fun at business people and their strange rituals when I don't know the first thing about business. But a client's a client, so I'll always respect their wishes down to the last detail.
Gaming: If they say it has to be watered at such-and-such a time of day on the dot, or left in the sun for exactly x minutes, then I'll do exactly as they say. No questions asked.
Traveler: Sounds like you know at least the first thing about doing business.
Gaming: Haha, that was a figure of speech and you know it. Being true to your word isn't a business skill, it's just the decent thing to do.
Gaming: It's basic respect to keep your promises to other people. But you know that, obviously — you always say what you mean and mean what you say. Your word is your bond.
Gaming: In any case, I gotta hold up my end of the deal to keep my job. I couldn't afford to do my Wushou dance without it.
Gaming: Anyway, will you join me to gather some wood for Plum Blossom Poles? I'll repay you in the form of a Wushou dance called "Auspicious Beast Versus Money Tree." Sound good?
Traveler: Why didn't you say so? Let's go, I wanna see that!
Traveler: Do you believe Money Trees can really make you rich?
Gaming: How would I know? Apparently they're so expensive, you'll bankrupt yourself buying one — I don't have the Mora to find out what happens after that!
Gaming: We actually have one at home though. My dad pays a visit to it first thing every morning.
Gaming: It hasn't made him rich so far, but I guess it does a good job of getting him to start each day fantasizing about being rich...? Uh, don't tell my dad I said that, or he'll be like, "Come here, son, I made a knuckle sandwich just for you!"