# Talk Dialog

Turenna: Turenna of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, reporting to Proto-Boss! Greetings! Seeing that you're participating too really makes the trip down here totally worth it!
Traveler: Since when did I become a "Proto-Boss"?
Turenna: Aha, that's Captain Chevreuse and Captain Grosrochard's assessment of you! The highest acknowledgment of both the Special Patrol and the Gardes!
Turenna: You've been promoted from "Boss-Level Force" to "Proto-Boss"! That means not only are your fighting skills up to par, but you're the cream of the crop when it comes to commanding as well!
Turenna: Doesn't the fact that that Staff Officer from the Millelith Su Ding invited you to join prove it?
Turenna: The simulation was pretty interesting! I got to see some of the greatest fighters from other countries for myself, and how they dealt with monsters was simply dazzling! It was just like all the stuff you showed me before...
Turenna: Oh! Sorry, I know you're a super busy bee buzzing all over, so you might not be able to remember right away!
Turenna: When I was playing Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta before, you gave me the gift of your insight...
Turenna: And during the Fontinalia Film Festival, you showed me just what a real top gun could do in our Thousand-Pace Interdiction Arcminute Sharpshooting Zone promotional event. That was a genuine revelation...
Turenna: I've made pretty significant progress lately, and haven't had too many missions on my docket, so when Captain Chevreuse and Captain Grosrochard got the invitation, they decided to send me as a representative!
Turenna: The Patrol members you taught are all slowly getting better. I'm working hard to become an outstanding sharpshooter capable of helping you! Trust me, the time you spent helping wasn't wasted on me!
Traveler: Hey, give yourself some credit too...
Turenna: You're simply too kind, Proto-Boss! ...Anyway, I just can't thank you enough!
Turenna: I'll be joining in a few more simulations over the next few days! The mini-monsters they use each time are different, and it kinda feels like my brain is playing in a series of... magnificent... tactical plays!
Traveler: Then study hard and work hard, soldier!
Turenna: Understood, Proto-Boss! I'll do my best!
Traveler: About the Special Patrol and the simulation...
Turenna: Actually, this isn't our first time working with the Millelith. As you know, Lumidouce Harbor and Yilong Wharf are just across the sea from each other, so we have a longstanding working relationship to maintain order and guarantee the safety of shipping.
Turenna: So, after Captain Chevreuse got the letter, she was pretty stoked! After all, every time we work together, both sides learn a lot about tactics and tech from one another!
Traveler: For example?
Turenna: Hmm, let me think... Before, we learned about different Millelith formations with layered ranks, and so we improved our own ranked volley fire, stabilizing the rhythm of our musket volleys.
Turenna: And for their part, the Millelith improved their own equipment by studying our muskets, allowing them to better deal with criminals who may have smuggled in firearms or Ruin machines that utilize similar weaponry.
Turenna: I've heard that some Millelith smiths are researching a type of armor that consists of piecing together blocks of a specially fired type of ceramic between two pieces of a particularly sturdy hardened fabric...
Turenna: That way, when bullets strike the armor, they would first disintegrate upon striking the outermost layer, causing the projectile to lose its structural integrity and greatly reducing its penetrative power...
Turenna: As the bullet continues onward, the ceramic plate in the middle will break, absorbing the vast majority of the impact, and finally the powerless, deformed bullets will be stopped by the final layer of armor.
Turenna: Against muskets with a small enough caliber or light enough ammo, you could get shot at point-blank range and the bullet still might not get through!
Traveler: That sounds pretty nifty.
Turenna: Aha, for that you'll have to ask our Millelith friends. I expect armor like that costs a fortune, and it may be difficult to manufacture on a large scale. Also, it may be too heavy for ordinary people...
Turenna: Though according to legend, the Millelith that fought in the great war way, way long ago wore armor that was heavier than a Gardemek, and their weapons were comparable to naval artillery... So it probably isn't too heavy for them.
Turenna: And ordinary musketeers wouldn't have a chance at hitting someone as skilled as you, so you probably don't need extra protection like that!
Traveler: I want a set too!
Traveler: Keep it up, I've gotta get going!
Turenna: Don't be a stranger, I hope we'll see each other soon!