# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Hey there, Twirly-Whirly! Hey there, Blitzara! Still remember us?
Paimon: Hahaha, no hesitation at all! They look so happy!
Paimon: Hmm, what should we do while we're hanging out?
Traveler: Let's use different sounds to communicate with them, shall we?
Paimon: Ooh, so you're gonna imitate animals? Sure! Paimon would like to know how Twirly-Whirly and Blitzara relate to other animals too!
Paimon: C'mon, let's give it a try!
Traveler: Cuckoo!
Twirly-Whirly: ?
Blitzara: ?
Paimon: Hmm, Sumeru doesn't really have pigeons, so our Fungi friends didn't really understand you at all.
Paimon: Maybe you can try imitating Dusk Birds instead?
Paimon: Chachacha, cha~chacha, chacha~ cha!
Paimon: Uh... Hmm, this is kinda difficult. Paimon can't match their rhythm at all. That might've just confused our shroom buddies more...
Traveler: Rawr!
Paimon: What? What were you trying to imitate? Wait. Was that you trying to sound like a Rishboland Tiger?
Paimon: You'll scare them!
Twirly-Whirly: ♪~
Blitzara: ♫~
Paimon: Wait, what? They seem pretty excited...
Paimon: Have they made friends with Rishboland Tigers and fought alongside them before?
Paimon: That's a bit difficult to imagine... Maybe we should observe Fungi out in the wild more carefully next time.
Traveler: Gang~ gang~ woo!
Paimon: Wait, why are you copying the Abyss Mages now? Well, you're not very convincing, sure, but you might still frighten them!
Twirly-Whirly: !
Blitzara: !
Paimon: Um, Twirly-Whirly and Blitzara both look kinda scared!
Paimon: #It's okay, it's okay, {NICKNAME}'s just playing a prank on you two. There's no Abyss Mage nearby.
Paimon: Still, do Abyss Mages go around bullying Fungi, with hilichurls in tow and all?
Paimon: Grr, that makes Paimon kinda mad. If we encounter Fungi getting bullied out in the wild next time, there's no way we'd just stand by and let it happen!
Traveler: We'll come back later and play with them then.
Paimon: Yeah, there's still some stuff we need to do. Well, let's get it done quick, then come back and hang out with Twirly-Whirly and Blitzara, shall we?