# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Shenhe: Chat? Then I suppose you must enjoy chatting, just like my master.
Shenhe: Alright then, aside from my rigorous training in the adepti arts, my master also taught me the skills of conversation. Though more often than not, she was the only one speaking and I ended up just listening quietly.
Shenhe: I suppose I should take the opportunity to practice whenever it presents itself. Why don't you start?
Traveler: What have you learned about making conversation?
Shenhe: Well... It seems that conversation is a skill that can't be practiced like other arts. There isn't any concrete methodology to mastering it as far as I can tell.
Shenhe: I only remember my master saying that the purpose of talking is not only to convey information, but also to direct the mood and deepen mutual feelings.
Traveler: How do you direct the mood?
Shenhe: Well, according to her, you should pick topics of interest to your partner. That's the best way to direct the mood of the conversation.
Shenhe: Before I met you, I wasn't close with anyone. There were barely any topics that would ever spark my interest.
Traveler: So you mean that...
Shenhe: Well, whenever my master brought you up as the topic, I'll admit I felt quite... amused.
Traveler: Me?
Shenhe: Yes, you. She said that you are widely regarded as a bold and fearless hero, but if people had seen the look of sheer panic on your face when you fell from the first Jade Chamber...
Traveler: Ah yeah, about that...
Shenhe: You're blushing. Is this how it feels when the mood of a conversation begins to shift?
Shenhe: It seems my master's conversation techniques are quite handy after all...
Shenhe: I've got it, I shall go ask my master all about you. That way, we'll have many more common topics to discuss.
Traveler: No, uh, please don't do that...
Shenhe: Oh, I suppose there's no need to go through all that trouble, you're already sitting right here in front of me after all.
Shenhe: In which case, please, tell me more about yourself. I'll remember everything you say!
Traveler: You don't seem like you enjoy chatting at all...
Traveler: How do you deepen mutual feelings?
Shenhe: I'm quite ashamed, actually, I have no talent for this and my master's expertise hasn't rubbed off on me at all...
Shenhe: The feelings shared between my adepti teachers and me are quite extraordinary. We don't need to converse to deepen our feelings for each other.
Shenhe: And besides them, I have no real friends, which means that I've never had someone with whom to deepen my feelings.