# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Do you want to chat?
Kuki Shinobu: Sure, I'm not exactly busy right now. If you've got any questions, ask away!
Traveler: What is it that you don't like about shrine maidens?
Kuki Shinobu: I think you may have misunderstood me...
Kuki Shinobu: I have nothing against any shrine maiden. It's not even that I detest the profession. Believe me, I know every job comes with its challenges...
Kuki Shinobu: The simple fact is that being a shrine maiden is just not for me. The reasons are complicated... let me think how to explain it...
Traveler: Is it to do with your family?
Kuki Shinobu: Hmm... You're gonna think this sounds childish, but yes, you're right. Sometimes, I just can't stand my family...
Kuki Shinobu: I know they only wanted the best for me, but trying to achieve that by planning out every aspect of my life for me just made everything unbearable.
Kuki Shinobu: They always treated me like I was a child, felt like they had to constantly nag me to make sure I didn't slip up. Every time I received a letter of complaint saying that I wasn't warm and friendly enough, they would be on my case about it for days.
Kuki Shinobu: I just don't like to smile, that's all. Doesn't mean I have any animosity towards anyone.
Traveler: That's understandable.
Kuki Shinobu: In a nutshell, I prefer to work jobs where the metrics are clear and where I can see the actual results of my efforts.
Kuki Shinobu: Jobs like that come naturally to me, and they give me a chance to show my family that my choices aren't worse than theirs just because they're different.
Kuki Shinobu: But the most important thing is that I no longer have to force myself to do something I don't want to do. I can live a pretty free life.
Traveler: Is it to do with you?
Kuki Shinobu: Yeah, I guess it must be.
Kuki Shinobu: Look, a lot of people just want a fortune slip hoping to get a bit of good luck, and they don't really care what's written on the slip.
Kuki Shinobu: But then there are those who, for all sorts of reasons, end up in dire straits and turn to prayer as their last resort...
Kuki Shinobu: They desperately want some divine power to make all of their problems go away.
Kuki Shinobu: It doesn't sit right with me. I can't bring myself to say "things'll get better" to people like that. It's just a cop-out.