# Talk Dialog

Beidou: Hey, what's up.
Eula: #Traveler, it's been a while.
Paimon: Woah, Beidou and Eula! Wait... You two know each other?
Traveler: Didn't expect to see you two together.
Beidou: Haha, well we haven't known each other long, but we hit it off right away! I guess it was meant to be.
Eula: I met Captain Beidou at Dornman Port. She was here in Mondstadt to buy some supplies, and I offered to accompany her around the area.
Paimon: Wow, Eula taking the initiative and making friends? ...Did Paimon hear that right?
Eula: Ahem, given that the two of us just met, I wouldn't go so far as to call us "friends" just yet. I was just... being hospitable. As is expected of a Knight.
Beidou: Huh? I thought we were getting along pretty well... You're telling me you were just being polite?
Eula: Oh no, I didn't mean it like that. I just thought that... after my blunder earlier, you probably wouldn't want to be my friend...
Beidou: Come on, it was just a little misunderstanding, that's all. You're still beating yourself up about that? Honestly, I'd forgotten all about it.
Paimon: Misunderstanding? What happened?
Beidou: Well, a few days ago, after docking at Dornman Port, I thought I'd treat the crew to some time at the tavern to blow off some steam.
Beidou: While we were there, an argument broke out between a couple of drunk guys. Things looked like they were about to get physical, so I intervened to try and break it up.
Beidou: I tried talking to them, but they were in the mood for a fight, and my words fell on deaf ears. So I had to resort to, uh... a more "hands-on" way of getting them to calm down.
Beidou: Eula was patrolling the area while all this was going down, and when she walked in... It wasn't a pretty sight...
Eula: Ahem, I should probably take it from here.
Eula: Recently, we've intercepted a string of attempts to smuggle goods through Dornman Port, so we decided to step up our patrols in the area.
Eula: On my rounds that day, I noticed a group of people I'd never seen before — and they were sailors. My suspicions were raised, so I asked their captain to show a valid entry permit for the port.
Eula: Captain Beidou said she didn't have the entry permit on her person and told me to check with the port authorities myself. I insisted that she should accompany me there, and well... you can see how things could get heated in a situation like that.
Beidou: Hey, you were just doing your duty. It was my fault, really. I should've watched my tone, but I'd had a few too many, and... Anyway, it all worked out in the end. I took Eula back to my ship, showed her my documents, and that was that. Misunderstanding resolved.
Beidou: I felt bad, though, so I told her I'd treat her to a drink when we got back to the tavern.
Beidou: Once we got to talking, we really hit it off. We sat there chatting until the tavern was about to close.
Eula: Captain Beidou mentioned that she wanted to have a look around the city the next day. I was also planning to head back to headquarters to submit some paperwork, so we decided to go together.
Beidou: Ah, I meant to say earlier... Drop the "Captain" and just call me Beidou. There's no need for formalities between friends.
Eula: Oh, yes, of course. Pardon me for being so formal... Anyway, as for why we're here, I heard about your shop when I got back to headquarters, and after discussing it with Beidou, we decided to stop by and say hello.
Beidou: That's right! Plus, I'm curious to see what the deal is with these Mondstadt potions you've been brewing up.
Traveler: Since you came all this way...
Beidou: Could do... although I don't have any health issues, and my ship's already stocked with everything I could need out on the ocean.
Beidou: Lemme think... Oh, do you have a potion that helps with getting to sleep?
Eula: Are you having trouble sleeping, Beidou?
Beidou: No, not me. The minute my head hits the pillow, it's lights out until the next morning!
Beidou: It's just that, I have this friend... She doesn't lack for anything, and she eats right and drinks right, but she just doesn't sleep well. I don't know if it's a case of affluenza, or if she just has too many things on her mind.
Paimon: Wait, this "friend" you're talking about, you must mean...
Beidou: Yep. She's no stranger to rare and precious treasures, but I'd wager that, to her, the chance to relax and get a good night's sleep is rarer than any treasure in her collection.
Paimon: Alright, we'll get started on that order for you right away!
Beidou: Great! Thanks for the help!
Traveler: Why don't you buy some to bring back with you?