# Talk Dialog

Sido: Hello, friend of the General Mahamatra and the Flame-Mane. I represent the Corps of Thirty delegation. Allow me to extend my greetings to you.
Traveler: You know me?
Sido: Surely you jest! You once participated in a commercial event in Port Ormos, and assisted the Corps of Thirty in arresting a crafty criminal and his scholarly accomplice.
Sido: Your performance during that operation showed both wisdom and bravery, and every mercenary who heard tell of your deeds considers you the best of the best.
Sido: It looks like you never cease in your unsparing efforts, and the amount of criminals you've dealt with is staggering. Those two scoundrels barely even register in your memory.
Traveler: Eh, more or less.
Sido: That is so. We should always look ahead, the Flame-Mane often says much the same.
Sido: Everyone in the Corps of Thirty greatly respects the Flame-Mane. She has looked out for many of our brothers, and many of our number have followed her into battle.
Sido: If she had a bit more patience for paperwork and rules, then perhaps she could have come with us to visit Liyue and learn.
Sido: Sparring with experts with completely different styles, learning new skills, not to mention Liyue cuisine should be to her liking. Everything is new, it's quite refreshing.
Traveler: Then we'll bring her some food from Liyue next time!
Sido: Stop by the Citadel of Regzar when you've got some time! Feast on meat and chew the fat with the brothers of the Corps of Thirty!
Traveler: I'll invite her here when I get the chance!
Traveler: No need to bring up the past.
Traveler: What has the Corps of Thirty learned from the Wargame?
Sido: You've touched on a critical issue.
Sido: From our cooperation thus far, I've observed a massive gap in the "degree of organization."
Sido: As everyone knows, the Corps of Thirty is one branch of the many Eremite organizations. Though responsible for the defense of Sumeru's cities, the management of manpower, training, and supplies is fairly relaxed.
Sido: Personally, I envy the Millelith. They have a huge factory in Blackcliff Forge, and can guarantee a supply of all kinds of high-quality weapons and other equipment.
Sido: As mercenaries, we mostly rely on individual blacksmiths operating their own forges. We may hope to get a deal and buy a good weapon, but most can't compete with the fully finished products from Liyue's factories.
Sido: The Akademiya's pretty straightforward when it comes to payment, but if we were to ask them to set up a dedicated department... Everything from purchasing raw materials to production and processing... It's not likely.
Sido: Not to mention the Millelith provides standardized training to all their soldiers, with strict assessment standards, while most mercs are just trying to make a living. There's all levels of skill among us.
Sido: Anyway, in addition to tactical considerations when dealing with monsters, there're lots of other things that need to be considered.
Traveler: We'll be on our way then. Bye!
Sido: See you later, then. We'll talk again when you've got time.