# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Shikanoin Heizou: I was just about to head out for a bit. Care to join me, my dear partner?
Shikanoin Heizou: But the trip might be a little inconvenient. First, we'll have to go into town and buy a few things we'll need. After that, we'll head out of town for a while, and we'll likely need to return to the Police Station again before the day's through...
Traveler: Are you going to arrest a criminal?
Shikanoin Heizou: Excellent question! But naturally, the answer is no. I'll leave that task of apprehending criminals to colleagues who specialize in that kind of thing.
Shikanoin Heizou: Actually, I was thinking of visiting the relatives of some convicted criminals. Some of them are elderly folks, some of them are just kids.
Shikanoin Heizou: It was my conclusive evidence that landed their relatives in prison. If it wasn't for me, then they wouldn't be left all on their own now...
Traveler: You shouldn't feel guilty about that...
Shikanoin Heizou: Haha, don't worry. I know very well that the criminal is the one who should feel guilty.
Shikanoin Heizou: Catching the culprit is what Detective Heizou is all about.
Shikanoin Heizou: But when it comes to regrets... *sigh* I only regret that I couldn't stop the tragedy by nipping the crime in the bud.
Shikanoin Heizou: For now, while the criminals are serving their time at correctional facilities, I'll help look after their families.
Shikanoin Heizou: After all, speaking just as plain old Heizou here, I'm a firm believer in helping those in need and being kind to other people.
Traveler: So you're gonna go pay them a visit with some gifts?
Shikanoin Heizou: Oh no, that wouldn't work out well. Tensions tend to rise the moment they see my face. There's a chance they would even start throwing punches at me.
Shikanoin Heizou: You see, my intention is to just show them some care, so it's better not to reopen any old wounds.
Shikanoin Heizou: Better if I just leave the items with a letter on their doorstep.
Shikanoin Heizou: Anyway, we'll leave once you're ready.
Shikanoin Heizou: My intuition tells me that with you coming along, this will be the smoothest and most enjoyable trip yet.
Traveler: Or were you just gonna leave the stuff on their doorstep?
Shikanoin Heizou: Hehe, as my partner, I knew you'd catch on. You're already thinking a step ahead before I've explained anything.
Shikanoin Heizou: With the way we understand each other, it'd be waste of time to elaborate.
Traveler: Wow, you really care a lot for them...
Shikanoin Heizou: Yes. Of course, it's Detective Heizou's duty to establish the truth.
Shikanoin Heizou: But once the case is solved, the criminal's family are the ones who will face public ridicule and discrimination.
Shikanoin Heizou: Of course, it's my hope that they can move on from the events of the case sooner rather than later and just continue on with their lives.