# Talk Dialog

Fischl: No need to tremble before the Prinzessin. You have done well indeed to care for these cat familiars... flawlessly, even! Keep up the fine work!
Fischl: As the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, I shall remain here for a bit longer... Reading the poetry of the soul of these feline familiars.
Traveler: Your Royal Highness the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, how proceedeth thy reading?
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon's curious too. How're you getting along with the cats? Did you find any special ones?
Fischl: ...Hmph!
Fischl: It has been just a few short days, merely a snap of the fingers, however, and our promising feline retainers are yet deep in preparation to display their prodigious capabilities before my royal person.
Fischl: Only this creature with a name most humble, as though it was seeking to actively conceal its unique talents, this "Dopey," has dared to respond to my tests, and has proven relatively cooperative. Praiseworthy indeed!
Paimon: Wait... So the other cats just gave you the cold shoulder because they couldn't understand your... unique way of speaking...?
Paimon: And only "Dopey" is usually willing to spend time with you?
Traveler: Blasphemous slander! How could that be?
Fischl: *ahem*... Such topics are unworthy of further examination!
Fischl: Cat Conjurors, the time has come for you to demonstrate your wisdom and offer up your counsel to mine august person...
Fischl: I am sure that by this time, you have long since gained deep insight into... All the habits and favorite victuals fancied by the feline familiars here within the Furball Fortress.
Paimon: Oh, so you just wanted to ask what the cats like to eat! That's an easy one.
Paimon: You sure are a quick study! The moment you noticed the cats ignoring you, you immediately thought of using food to get close to them...
Traveler: A classic stratagem!
Black Screen Text: You describe the food preferences of several cats to Fischl, and based on Paimon's suggestions, come up with a few combinations that might make them especially happy...
Fischl: As expected! Such an intricate formulation could surely only be mastered by you, my Cat Conjurors most clever!
Fischl: To discern the potential of each of these feline retainers, I, the Prinzessin, must also reveal a suitable skill amongst my talents unnumbered, and show these cats the world...
Paimon: Hehe, good luck, Fischl!
Paimon: Though remember to exercise portion control! Even if it's their favorite foods, cats can't eat too much! Don't let them pig out or waste food!
Traveler: Paimon...
Paimon: H—H—Hey... Why are you looking at Paimon like that? P—Paimon always orders what she likes and finishes every morsel! She would never waste a crumb!
Paimon: A—At least, Paimon doesn't think she's ever wasted anything...? As for pigging out...
Paimon: Paimon may sometimes eat a bit more than usual, but that can't really count as pigging out!
Traveler: (Stare...)
Traveler: Most wise, Mein Prinzessin!
Traveler: Not surprising...
Traveler: How has Oz been lately?
Paimon: Oh, right! What's Oz been up to while you've been playing in the Furball Fortress? Is he just... waiting by the door?
Paimon: Or did he go outside the city by himself? Could that be dangerous for him?
Fischl: Oho! Do not jest! This is Oz we speak of! Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, the being who reigns supreme over three universes!
Fischl: Surely, you are not concerned for his safety? Hardly necessary, I do say! Even at a hundred paces, a thousand paces, any harboring treacherous intent would be overwhelmed and over-awed by the mysterious depths of his gaze, and would never dare to act rashly!
Fischl: In our journey through the ages, it is inevitable that Oz and I will sometimes act separately.
Fischl: When Oz is not at his place by my side, he prefers peace and quiet, and will actively conceal his person rather than chat with mortals.
Fischl: Simply by observing the placid surface of a lake, Oz can sift through millions upon millions of memories, and from them, allow entirely new philosophies yet undreamt of to bubble up... This is one of his favorite pastimes.
Paimon: Paimon thinks she gets it... He should be by Cider Lake right now... Somewhere we can't see, resting and enjoying the breeze.
Paimon: So you get to have fun in the Furball Fortress, while Oz gets to treat himself, resting the way he likes. Seems like good deal for all!
Traveler: Very good indeed!
Fischl: Naturally, I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, cannot long linger here in this "Furball Fortress," for the pressing matters of many different worlds await the attention of Oz and myself...
Fischl: The next time I see you two, my good Cat Conjurors, I shall surely have sought out a... cat familiar who fears not Oz's might and majesty!
Traveler: Congratulations are in order!
Traveler: Then we shall continue to dedicate ourselves to the cause!
Fischl: Most excellent indeed! The cat familiars all applaud your amazing work!