# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Is there anything you'd like to do?
Cyno: Now that I think about it, it's been all of five days since I last played a game of Genius Invokation TCG.
Traveler: Does that feel like a long time to you?
Cyno: No, not really. The longest I've ever gone without playing was 20 days.
Cyno: I was on a dangerous mission and didn't have any time to sit down and play.
Cyno: By the time I got back, I realized that my deck was already out of the meta, and I kept losing game after game. Eventually, I made some adjustments and finally started turning things around.
Cyno: You have to keep playing if you want to maintain a good win rate. Otherwise, you'll be caught off guard by new and upcoming strategies.
Traveler: You really like Genius Invokation TCG, don't you?
Cyno: Yes. Is that strange? You have a funny look on your face.
Cyno: The first time I played, I just saw it as a game to pass the time.
Cyno: As a matra, your heart is like a bowstring... It cannot become too slack, but it cannot be too taut, either. Otherwise, it could snap without warning at any time.
Cyno: So once I started playing Genius Invokation TCG, I wanted to use it as a way to take my mind off other things. You know, as a way to help me relax.
Cyno: ...But now, it is much more than just a game to me.
Traveler: What changed?
Cyno: In my previous work, I punished many criminals who had broken the rules and had to listen to their constant complaining.
Cyno: In most cases, I couldn't understand them, and they couldn't seem to understand me, either.
Cyno: And it's not just criminals. Even with your friends, there are bound to be some topics where you are unable to understand one another.
Cyno: But Genius Invokation is different. I can always clearly discern what my opponent is thinking.
Cyno: Their hunger for victory, their confidence in the deck, their passion for the game... Many can hide their strategy, but few can conceal these emotions.
Traveler: I can relate to those feelings, too.
Cyno: Really? Are you up for a game then?
Traveler: Are you kidding? I thought you'd never ask!
Cyno: I never go easy on anyone. Just play your best.
Cyno: I'll help walk you through the game once we're finished.
Traveler: Please go easy on me...
Traveler: I think I understand what you mean.