# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Kinich: What would you like to know?
Traveler: Depends... Do different topic come at different costs?
Kinich: Yes. The price of information is determined by many factors.
Kinich: But you don't look like you're in a bind or anything... Maybe just a regular chat, then?
Traveler: I'd like to hear about your Saurian hunts.
Kinich: That won't exactly be a fun and light-hearted conversation.
Ajaw: #Aw, what's wrong, Kinich? Don't want your friend to know what a cruel hunter you really are? Scared the gory details will keep him up at night?
Traveler: I'll be fine.
Kinich: Don't listen to Ajaw. It's nothing that terrifying.
Kinich: Saurians are our companions. But if the Abyss corrupts them beyond redemption, or people lead them astray...
Kinich: Then someone has to step up, and end their lives before they do any more harm.
Kinich: Any wild beast will fight savagely when it's backed into a corner, let alone a fierce Saurian.
Kinich: So, I usually start by using poison arrows to dull the target's senses, then lure it into a trap to immobilize it. Once it's incapacitated, I head in and finish the job.
Traveler: Sounds like dangerous work...
Kinich: I won't deny that, but even "danger" can be tamed with enough experience and preparation.
Kinich: If you're interested in Saurian-hunting, I'll let you know the next time I receive a suitable commission.
Kinich: We can pick poisonous berries, set some traps together... And you'll get your share of the reward, too.
Traveler: So what was the toughest Saurian you ever had to deal with?
Kinich: Ajaw.
Ajaw: Excuse me? How dare you mock me to my face! You big-mouthed bipedal bug!
Kinich: Greed and conceit are common vices of evil dragons. They're easy ones to exploit.
Kinich: And the big, lumbering types have more strength than coordination. As long as you're agile enough, you just keep dodging their attacks until you find an opening.
Kinich: But Ajaw's unique — not only evil and powerful, but clear-minded too. It's an extremely rare combination.
Ajaw: Hah, so NOW you try and sing my praises? Well, if you're looking to curry favor, it won't work. The Almighty Dragonlord wasn't born yesterday!
Kinich: Scratch my last statement. If you really were clear-minded, you'd know none of that was meant as a compliment.
Ajaw: Aw, don't be shy! How many times do I need to tell you? Bottom-feeders like you have a valuable role to play — you give the almighty dragonlord something to look down on from the top of the food chain! So please, fawn away!
Kinich: *sigh*... So yeah. You see what I have to deal with?
Traveler: Hmm... Mind if we skip the gruesome bits?