# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Is there anything you'd like to do?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, in my free time, I like to clear my mind and listen to the lyre or the ukulele.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Even solo, the sound is almost dreamlike in its beauty, so pure and sweet...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Some emerging styles even incorporate drums or other stringed instruments to add a stronger beat and a more robust sound.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: In comparison, that kind of music is more like a gripping, vibrant dream, full of energy and passion... Listening to it can feel so intense, it can tire you out or even make you dizzy.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm not sure if I'm sensitive to music in general, or if I like music because, like dreams, it's full of different genres, flavors, and emotions...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Whatever the answer, I think it's important to be introspective about these things.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Anyway, I never found the time to pick up an instrument myself... Are you a musician by any chance?
Traveler: Of course! Quite a talented one at that!
Traveler: I can teach you if you want!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I should have known... You remind me of a bard sometimes, you know. There's a certain musical cadence to the way you speak...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm sure taking lessons from you would be quite a therapeutic process...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I think I'll take you up on that offer... Maestro.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Please be patient with me if I'm a slow learner.
Traveler: I'm not very good. Maybe we could learn together!
Traveler: I have a few ideas of where to start...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Sounds good! I'll leave it to you, then.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Learning something new with a friend will be an experience to remember! The sooner we learn, the sooner we can start playing our favorite songs...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If we perform together, I bet we could produce something with a whole new kind of "flavor"... I'm looking forward to it!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Here's to our musical journey, fellow student!