# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Arlecchino: The weather is good, as is the wind. Let us go for a walk.
Traveler: Where shall we go?
Arlecchino: There are two sights I enjoy more than most — the sea by day, and the skies by night.
Arlecchino: When I need to think, the former would be my choice. If I am in a good mood, then I will favor the latter.
Traveler: Why do you like the sea?
Arlecchino: I've rarely seen a Fontainian, native or adopted, not profess a fondness for the waves.
Arlecchino: It is full of mystery and peril, but also accepts all manner of wishes. Furthermore... the sea is vast, vast enough to serve as a repository for many kinds of frustrations.
Traveler: Hmm... so are you saying that gazing at the sea can improve your mood?
Arlecchino: No, I meant something more... literal than that. Namely, that the sea can make things that disgust you disappear, never to emerge again.
Arlecchino: It is good for secrets that should never see the light of day to sink to the forgotten depths.
Traveler: That sounds ominous...
Arlecchino: Only when your gaze can pierce through the sea's shimmering surface and look into its frigid depths, will you truly understand the truth of this world.
Traveler: Why do you like the night sky?
Arlecchino: Hmm... I suppose I could share a story from a long time ago.
Arlecchino: When I was young, I once had a dream. In it, I stood on a vast plain, with a red moon hanging in the sky.
Arlecchino: The moon rotated gradually, and as I stared at it, it, too, watched me silently.
Arlecchino: I cannot describe what it was like to be the object of its gaze, so filled with death and grief... Or was it fear and pity? It has been too long, and my memories of it have faded.
Traveler: ...Was that really a dream?
Arlecchino: I wish to know as well, but the truth will not simply present itself to me.
Arlecchino: Perhaps I shall one day witness that dreamscape once more, or perhaps I never will. Just as you and I may cross blades one day — or perhaps our relations will remain ever amiable.
Arlecchino: The allure of the future lies in its uncertainty. Regardless, let us lay our worries aside and enjoy this fine breeze.
Traveler: ...Was that really the moon?