# Talk Dialog

Phonia: Honorary Knight, and The Helper in White. Phonia of the Investigation Team, reporting. We just completed carrying out an urgent mission called "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers," and are now returning to camp.
Traveler: How's the situation?
Phonia: It went smoothly. The threat has been completely eliminated. You can rest easy.
Phonia: Do you have any further instructions?
Paimon: Th—That's so formal, like she's reporting to a senior officer. Should we also act the part?
Paimon: "*ahem*... Good job, Signals Officer Phonia! Please be sure to share what you've learned from this experience with the other knights!"
Paimon: ...Like that?
Traveler: Captain Paimon!
Phonia: ...
Phonia: Thank you for your approval, Helper in White. However, it may be too difficult for me to effectively teach my colleagues based on this experience.
Phonia: Although the operation of this detection equipment has already been greatly simplified, it still is beyond the capability of people who with weaker spatial cognition to operate.
Phonia: During operation, the jumbled signals from targets of similar sizes, as well as environmental noise and interference, can all easily overwhelm the user in a torrent of information.
Phonia: Forget about training the rest of the platoon, even just training the other Signals Officers to be familiar with its operations would be a gargantuan task requiring significant time...
Phonia: If it is to become standard equipment, it requires further improvements to make it more accessible, even at the cost of performance.
Paimon: What? Cognition? Standard equipment... Accessibility...
Paimon: Y—You lost Paimon again!
Phonia: The details don't matter. Anyway, I am not complaining to you two but objectively analyzing the current situation.
Phonia: All I can say is, Captain Albedo's minimum requirement of meeting "1/3 of Mika's spatial cognition and anti-interference capabilities" is still too much to ask.
Phonia: In any case, I will continue to help improve this piece of equipment until it is suitable for becoming standardized equipment or proven to be unsuitable.
Phonia: Once a relatively mature prototype is produced... Would you two like to try it?
Phonia: With it, you can confirm distant targets without visual contact. If you have any ways to... attack enemies at range, you can launch a preemptive attack and gain a tactical advantage.
Paimon: Th—That incredible?
Traveler: We could detect targets far away?
Phonia: No worries. By changing the Alchemy Potion used in the core, this equipment can detect the energy fluctuations of different elements.
Phonia: For example, when using an Anemo Potion to detect targets, it can accurately detect targets like Hilichurl Brutes within a range three times greater than the a regular bow's attack range within Mondstadt.
Phonia: In situations like that, top archers like Amber the Outrider would be able to conduct "non-line-of-sight shooting" in groups and continuously adjust their firing angle based on observation reports from allies with higher vantage points.
Phonia: The enemies might never see the attack coming, and would already been turned into Wolfhooks by their arrows before they figured out what was happening.
Paimon: When you put it that way, it sounds amazing...
Paimon: #{NICKNAME} doesn't usually use a bow. {M#He}{F#She} just charges straight into enemies and beats them up... or sometimes just gets bombarded by those Ruin Guards from a distance.
Paimon: Though it's kind of maddening, Paimon has to admit that sometimes... being able to attack at range really does have a lot of advantages!
Paimon: From just how far away could Amber hit a target if she was using such miraculous equipment? Even Paimon's really looking forward to finding out!
Traveler: But it can only be used underwater... That seems a bit limiting...
Traveler: Nicely put, Paimon!
Traveler: "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers"?
Phonia: You may already have heard of this mission and heard my briefing, but were likely too busy to have paid it much attention...
Phonia: So allow me to briefly introduce it once more—
Phonia: A certain merchant "released" some Anglers, native to Sumeru, into Cider Lake, which then began to multiply rapidly.
Phonia: To prevent these invasive creatures from impacting the water quality of Cider Lake and affecting Mondstadt's wine industry, the Knights of Favonius dispatched a unit with strong recon capabilities to undertake a limited operation.
Phonia: I, Signals Officer Phonia of the Investigative Team, and my colleague Weapons Specialist Ematol, received orders to use limited force to precisely eliminate the invasive species with minimal collateral damage.
Phonia: Currently, Ematol and I have deployed 457 bombs and cleared out 203 nests and all the invasive Anglers, successfully eliminating the negative effects resulting from the introduction of the invasive species.
Phonia: According to the calculations of other colleagues, it will take about a week for the residual explosive remnants in the water to fall to safe levels.
Paimon: S—Such precise numbers!
Traveler: Incredible!
Phonia: Thank you for your approval.
Phonia: This operation has also allowed me to verify a large quantity of information necessary to the development of the Signals Officer corps. As a cog in the Knights of Favonius' grand machine, I have reaped significant benefits.
Traveler: Good job!
Traveler: Goodbye!
Phonia: Goodbye to both of you.
Phonia: If there's a chance, I hope I can show you the results of the improved equipment in the near future.