# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat?
Arlecchino: That seems agreeable. Is there anything you would like to discuss?
Traveler: Well...
Arlecchino: The children often say so too.
Arlecchino: "I'm not sure what to say to 'Father,' what sort of topic I should go with..." I hear such discussions often.
Arlecchino: In truth, talking to me is not very difficult. I can make conversation on most topics.
Traveler: (Discuss the aquabus's design principles.)
Arlecchino: This is quite a specific engineering question. Your interest is unexpected.
Arlecchino: The internal structure of an aquabus contains a number of intricate clockwork components, which allow it to be powered by different energy sources.
Arlecchino: I've also heard that during the aquabus's initial trial run, some passengers sent in feedback indicating that they would prefer a more unique look for the vessel.
Traveler: Wow, I would have never guessed...
Arlecchino: Some suggested that the vessels adopt an Angelic Sea Hare-like design, but this was rejected due to considerations for the vehicle's overall capabilities.
Arlecchino: If you would like to hear more about the history of the aquabus, I could arrange for a "friend" from the Fontaine Research Institute to explain it to you — during a boat ride, of course.
Arlecchino: Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
Traveler: Wow, you really can hold a conversation on just about anything!
Arlecchino: But of course. Finding common topics and ground are indispensable assets in building interpersonal relations.
Arlecchino: The work of intelligence gathering merits preparation, but it would be unwise to pin all one's hopes on intel. As such, I try to dabble in as many fields as I can to gain more knowledge.
Traveler: Doesn't that get dry after a while?
Arlecchino: Just the opposite. The more I learn, the more clearly I see how the world operates, and the easier it becomes to lead an elegant life.
Arlecchino: You must first take care of yourself before caring for others. Knowledge and skill broaden your options.
Arlecchino: If you have something you wish to share, feel free to come look for me. As long as nothing confidential is involved, I'm sure it will make for a wonderful chat.
Traveler: (Discuss the art of selecting desserts.)
Arlecchino: Ah. It appears you quite enjoyed my choice of desserts for Miss Furina's table.
Arlecchino: There are many tricks to choosing treats. The key is having a sufficient "understanding" of everything.
Arlecchino: The varieties of the treats, their stores of origin, the artisanship of their creators, as well as how they're plated and presented... Each of these factors builds upon the others. Still more intelligence is required if you are making this purchase on the behalf of another.
Arlecchino: Their personalities, relationships, current situations, and long-held preferences... There is no one-size-fits-all answer.
Traveler: That sounds... really complicated.
Arlecchino: A novice would find it difficult, yes, but experience is cumulative. Start at buying gifts for friends and go from there.
Traveler: (Chat about the latest opera production.)
Arlecchino: "The Unexpected Dream," you mean? I found it a mature production, a tale about love that blossomed through all manner of strange coincidences and circumstances.
Arlecchino: I watched the premiere. The actors were not sufficiently rehearsed, and incidents you'd expect from an unpolished production did occur, but the audience laughed and cheered them on all the same.
Traveler: I've heard that they've brought on a famous actress to the upcoming show.
Arlecchino: That is indeed the case. If you are familiar with opera, you should know her. She was the protagonist in "Romaritime Romance" as well — you could say that she's at the peak of her career right now.
Arlecchino: The fourth run of performances should start the day after tomorrow. If you're interested, I can invite you to come along.
Traveler: Actually, nothing's coming to mind...