# Talk Dialog

Yumemizuki Mizuki: There's a theory which suggests that we bury our most powerful emotions deep within our dreams. That's the territory I would like to explore.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Before I start, I'm going to ask you a few questions. I want you to nod your head for yes and shake your head for no. Alright?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Very good. Now, I am going to plant a few thoughts in your subconscious, but it's nothing to get nervous about. Just a way to improve your sleep quality so the treatment will be more effective.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: What's the problem? Are you expecting me to bribe you with candy like a little child?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Are we going to keep testing my patience?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Are you... trying to relax your neck muscles? Remind me to teach you the proper technique some time.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #...Traveler? Hellooo? It's not time to fall asleep just yet.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: This is an incense from Sumeru that soothes the mind. The fragrance is said to be the "scent of dreams."
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now, close your eyes, take a deep breath, and concentrate on the scent.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The next step requires some visual preparation. So don't open your eyes until I say so.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Aw, where did it go?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: *sigh* I need to have a stern talk with Murasaki. How hard is it to just put things back where they came from...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hmm... This needs another dab here.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Ahh, that's better.
Traveler: What is Mizuki looking for? Surely it can't hurt to take a quick peek?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I said no peeping... I'm still not ready yet.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hey, don't run off now, darlings.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Come here.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: For goodness' sake, your butt's showing...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Alright, alright! Shh!
Traveler: "Darlings"? Now I'm curious... Maybe just a sneaky little peek?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: *sigh* Let me do that for you.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I can see that you don't like being kept waiting. Go on, open your eyes. Everything's ready.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Ready. You can open your eyes now.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You kept your eyes closed the entire time! If only every patient was as compliant as you, it'd make our lives much easier... Here, you deserve a treat.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Take a good look at this painting — there are some very special little darlings hidden within it, and I'd like you to find them.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Do you see her? Isn't she just adorable?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now, you just need to find the others.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh, are your eyes feeling sore? If so, please feel free to take a break.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Careful. When you look a psychologist directly in the eyes, they can see every little thing you are thinking.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: She's a baku as well. Whenever someone starts dozing off, she's there waiting for their dream to begin.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Your journey into dreamland began as you were looking for them. Feeling sleepy?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now, I want you to take my hand.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: What's the matter? Feeling shy? Relax, this is just a part of the psychotherapeutic technique.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Very good. Now, close your eyes again for me.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I want you to completely relax, and focus your attention on the feeling of my palm touching yours. Notice how all other sensations in your body are slowly fading away...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now, imagine you're holding not my hand, but your favorite things in all of the world.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You run your hand through the sakura blossoms gently falling through the air, then through a squirrel's fur... Then you grab a fistful of sand on the beach...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You are once again in the wilderness, running with the wind at your back. But slowly, your palm loses sensation. You lose your way and find yourself surrounded by darkness.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You can't see anything. But you hear someone calling you... and now, a light is shining from the same direction as their voice...