# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Sigewinne: Ah, looks like you've got some free time right now too!
Sigewinne: Want to try my new skincare product? It's a face cream.
Traveler: Does it reverse aging?
Sigewinne: As far as I know, no product now on the market can accomplish that.
Sigewinne: If someone tries to sell you a product like that, I'd suggest reporting them to the Gardes. I imagine a trip to the Fortress of Meropide will be added to their itinerary.
Sigewinne: Anyway, it's best not to have unrealistic expectations when it comes to skincare products. I think humans look cute no matter what!
Traveler: What sort of appearance would you consider most beautiful?
Sigewinne: Sorry, but I'm not sure I can answer that question. I don't place humans in one category or the other. I think everyone has a unique charm.
Sigewinne: Plus, no one has the right to comment on someone else's appearance or compare them to others.
Sigewinne: Even the Iudex himself doesn't have the right to pass such judgment. Not that he would do that anyway, though.
Sigewinne: Most of the letters I receive in Beautes en fleurs are from people lamenting their looks or searching for ways to improve how they look.
Sigewinne: *sigh* Sometimes I just don't understand why humans are so hard on themselves.
Sigewinne: I share beauty tips to teach people how to appreciate the appearance they already have. By learning how to look after their skin, they can also learn to love themselves.
Sigewinne: That includes you... It's good to care about how you look. But first, you have to recognize how cute you already are!
Traveler: Inspiring stuff!
Sigewinne: Hehe. Glad I could help.
Sigewinne: Anyway... Let's get to testing that product, shall we?
Sigewinne: I can't wait to see how you look covered in purple face cream!
Traveler: That's right! I'm super cute!
Sigewinne: That's the spirit, hehe!
Traveler: Can it keep me youthful?
Sigewinne: If you think of your appearance at any given moment as a photo you want to put on display, then skincare would be the photo frame.
Sigewinne: It protects the picture, enhances its appearance, and gives it a unique touch.
Sigewinne: But a frame that covers up the picture would defeat the purpose, right? That would be such a pity.