# Talk Dialog

Sucrose: Wow, you even breezed through the Advanced exam...
Sucrose: Ever thought about helping out around the lab?
Paimon: #Drop everything and pursue the path of an alchemy master... Huh, what do you say, {NICKNAME}?
Traveler: Not sure we're quite ready for that yet.
Sucrose: If we work together, I'm sure we could make something super amazing!
Paimon: By "super amazing," do you mean you already have something in mind?
Sucrose: Well, in the past, my research was mainly focused on the study of plants. But this experience has shown me that potions can have all kinds of effects on people as well...
Sucrose: So, I started thinking — what if potions could have an even greater effect on people? Like... what if they could be used to help people unlock their hidden potential?
Sucrose: A memory-enhancing potion, for example, could help people memorize a whole library's worth of knowledge in a single breath.
Sucrose: Alternatively, a strength-enhancing potion could make it so that Paimon could take down an Abyss Mage all on her own.
Paimon: Woah, Paimon didn't know you could make potions like that! Sounds awesome!
Sucrose: Well, it's certainly theoretically possible. Alchemy is, in itself, a way to explore the unknown. It's a discipline with endless potential. In fact, current research has barely scratched the surface of what's possible with alchemy.
Sucrose: Theory, though, is always easier than practice. And with alchemy, there are simply too many things that you have to take into consideration. Just off the top of my head, there's the theory of sublimation, the potion's mechanism of action, and the innate metabolism of the person consuming the potion...
Paimon: Uh, Paimon didn't quite catch all that...
Sucrose: Ah, my bad... We can talk about the details some other time. If you're interested, just stop by the lab.
Paimon: Sweet! Watch out, world — with a cool potion from Sucrose, Paimon will be able to become the strongest guide in Teyvat in no time!
Sucrose: Well, I'll be off, then. Only one more exam to go! I imagine you and I will both have some final preparations to make.
Traveler: But we can certainly help out.