# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Yae Miko: Need someone to talk to, hmm? Aw, what's the matter, are you feeling lonely?
Yae Miko: Well, as luck would have it, I happen to be in a good mood today. How about I tell you a story from long ago, hmm?
Traveler: Please, that would be great!
Yae Miko: Long, long ago, there was a little child who suddenly turned up at the shrine one day.
Yae Miko: In her arms she was carrying a little fox on the brink of death. She knelt before Kitsune Saiguu and begged her to save her friend.
Yae Miko: The child said the fox had started appearing frequently in the village ever since she had fed it some Fried Tofu.
Yae Miko: But it wasn't long before misfortune struck. Now that the fox had let down its guard, a vicious dog from the village seized the chance to attack, delivering a near-fatal bite. Heart-broken and riddled with guilt, the child decided to bring the injured fox to the shrine for help.
Yae Miko: Kitsune Saiguu granted her request and agreed to nurse the little fox back to health. Worried that the little girl would be lonely without her companion, Kitsune Saiguu decided to ask another member of her kin to keep the little girl company for a few days. I was the one she asked.
Traveler: What happened after that?
Yae Miko: Well, obviously, being the fabulously beautiful fox that I am, it wasn't long before the little girl was crazy about me.
Yae Miko: Not only would she buy me all sorts of tasty treats to eat, she would pamper me day in and day out. She always wanted me by her side, even when she was sleeping.
Yae Miko: After two days, the little fox had recovered and I accompanied the girl back to the shrine. Upon our arrival, Kitsune Saiguu asked the girl which fox was her favorite — the one she had made friends with originally, or the new one?
Yae Miko: She hesitantly looked back and forth between me and her old fox friend.
Traveler: That would be quite a difficult choice...
Yae Miko: But when her own fox trotted up and whimpered to her, she finally set me down.
Yae Miko: "The fox you gave me is very beautiful, Miss Shrine Maiden, but I still love my old friend the most."
Yae Miko: Finally, the child offered some Fried Tofu to thank me for accompanying her, then left with her little fox friend.
Traveler: What an amazing story.
Yae Miko: Hmm? Wait a moment, child. You're not planning to just leave it at that, are you?
Yae Miko: Come on, I've told you my story — now it's your turn. Shouldn't you offer me something in exchange?
Traveler: Alright, let me tell you my story.
Yae Miko: Hmm, I suppose that will do.
Yae Miko: But could you try to spice it up a bit? Tell it as if it were a best-seller from Yae Publishing House.
Traveler: How about I go buy you some Fried Tofu?
Yae Miko: Now you're talking.
Yae Miko: Alright, I'll wait for you here. Make it quick, though. I can tell you some other stories when you return.
Traveler: Thanks for telling me this story.
Traveler: I'd love to hear it!