# Talk Dialog

Rosaria: Hmm? Not playing with the cats? Or do you have a takeout order for me to take care of?
Traveler: What do you think of this job?
Paimon: You don't seem to play with the cats much. Do you find this... boring?
Rosaria: It's alright. Boring and interesting are relative.
Rosaria: I don't anticipate any major incidents or accidents occurring here. It's a very ordinary job, little different from staying at the Church...
Rosaria: Hmm... No, there are some differences.
Rosaria: Some of these cats are very clever, and they understand me just fine. I find interacting with them interesting enough.
Rosaria: And even though Valerina is quite similar to Victoria in the way she finds things for me to do... They do have very different ways of doing things.
Rosaria: It's a fresh experience, I suppose, and that in itself is new. It's not a bad feeling.
Paimon: Well, that's great!
Paimon: Paimon thinks you get along pretty well with Valerina and the cats, really!
Traveler: You do indeed get along well.
Rosaria: Thank you, and I hope things stay that way.
Traveler: You'll be great buddies for sure.
Traveler: Which cat do you like the most?
Paimon: Paimon's curious, too! Have you ever found a cat you'd like to get close to, or wanted to take good care of?
Rosaria: That's rather sudden, but I suppose it's natural for people to be curious about things like that.
Rosaria: I would say "no."
Paimon: Wow. That was quick!
Traveler: That's a surprise...
Rosaria: Different people have their own definitions of the word "like."
Rosaria: To me, right now there's no living being or object I think of in those terms. That said, it's about the same for things I "dislike."
Rosaria: My willingness to care for these cats, to spend my time on them, is because it's my job...
Rosaria: Or should I say that it's a problem before me that requires little effort on my part to solve, so why not?
Rosaria: If nothing else, this job's presented me with some... pleasant surprises. I'd consider that good enough.
Paimon: Uh, Paimon didn't really get that, but it sounds... positive...?
Traveler: Don't worry, I didn't get it either.
Rosaria: Don't overthink it. Life's like a placid lake most of the time. You just need to get used to it.
Rosaria: And if you can't... I'm sure someone of your ability can change all you see before you. Good luck either way.
Traveler: No worries, Paimon, I'll understand Rosaria for the both of us.
Traveler: I knew it...
Traveler: I guess I'll leave you to it.
Rosaria: Sure. Come find me if you need anything else.