# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Arataki Itto: Hey! Perfect timing. There's something I need to talk to you about. Something important. Has to be face to face.
Arataki Itto: So this, uh, Adventurers' Guild — what kind of things do they do? And which tasks do you normally take?
Traveler: You want to join the Adventurers' Guild?
Arataki Itto: Hah, me? No way!
Arataki Itto: You gotta be there, what, every other day? They seem to work you pretty hard, so...
Arataki Itto: I'mma put my boys on the case! Many hands make light work and all that, y'know...
Traveler: Oh right... You want to help me.
Arataki Itto: Wait, what do you mean, "oh right"!? C'mon, that's hurtful, where's the enthusiasm?
Arataki Itto: Next time, I don't wanna hear "oh right, Itto wants to help." I wanna hear "darn right, Itto wants to help"! Got it?
Arataki Itto: I see you as a member of the Arataki Gang! You do know that, don't you?
Arataki Itto: Every single member of my gang is like family to me. And, you know... same goes for you.
Arataki Itto: That makes this a family matter, you get it? Which means, leave it to Itto!
Arataki Itto: Don't you worry now, I've got your back wherever you go. Whether you're cruising the city or wandering the wilds, my boys will be there!
Arataki Itto: Ah, except... only in Inazuma. How am I supposed to protect you if you leave?
Arataki Itto: Hah! Guess it's time for the Arataki Gang to start expanding into other nations!
Traveler: Don't worry about me, I can look after myself!
Arataki Itto: Haha, that's the spirit! That's what makes you part of my crew.
Arataki Itto: Guess that settles it then. When I'm not around, promise me you'll carry on being a champ and living life to the max.
Arataki Itto: And when I say being a champ — that means kicking some serious butt, alright? I don't care if you're playing card games or you're brawling — no losing! Not to anyone!
Traveler: Thank you...
Arataki Itto: Ahem... I was hoping for more of a "sorry, I didn't ask you to help, Itto" than a "thank you"!
Arataki Itto: I know you've asked other people for help in the past, so why not me, huh? What's that about?