# Talk Dialog

Lynette: ...So you did come over. I was wondering if you'd notice me. Looks like my concealment failed this time.
Lynette: #Oh well. I didn't put much effort into it anyway. One moment... {NICKNAME} Observation Mode, off. Chat Mode activated.
Lynette: Previous observation indicates that you are more likely to be enjoying the scenery than just wandering about. Are you here on business?
Traveler: We're looking for a good spot for a picture.
Traveler: I'm looking for someone to help with some photos.
Lynette: Photos... Have you finally decided to end your travels and work at The Steambird?
Lynette: Understandable. An adventurer's income is unstable, and you have Paimon to feed as well — that can't be easy.
Traveler: Aye, but they're real slave drivers. Six days of work, one day off.
Traveler: No, no, I'm a loyal member of the Adventurers' Guild!
Lynette: You followed up with a joke of your own. Wow. I underestimated you.
Lynette: Hmm. I didn't expect you to be so earnest about the Guild. My apologies for the joke. I did not mean to doubt your adventurous spirit.
Lynette: If you've come here to take pictures, they must be of the Court of Fontaine.
Traveler: Sharp as always, Lynette.
Lynette: Many Steambird reporters come here to take panoramic shots of the Court, and sometimes they gossip on the side.
Lynette: All I need to do is keep a low profile and listen silently.
Lynette: But having come so many times, I've picked up some photography skills along the way... So, do you require an assistant?
Traveler: We need a model more, really.
Traveler: If you don't mind Lynette, could you move into the frame?
Lynette: Understood. I prefer work that doesn't require much talking anyway. How do you want me to pose?
Traveler: Let's have a formal pose.
Traveler: Let's go with a fun pose!
Traveler: Just take up a casual pose.
Lynette: Sure. Will this work?
Traveler: Perfect. Say cheese!
Traveler: The fun pose might work better.
Traveler: Let's go with a casual posture instead.
Traveler: Let's roll with the formal pose instead.
Lynette: I'm ready.
Lynette: Then we'll do that.
Lynette: Works for me.