# Talk Dialog

Basima: A-hmm-hmm-hmm~ Now you've played Bing-Bang Finchball, have you not? Now do you agree with me when I say that finches are the cutest?
Traveler: Another round!
Basima: Ohoho! That's true, nobody should leave after just playing one round of Finchball! Play to your heart's content!
Traveler: Finches really are cute!
Paimon: Yep! Paimon couldn't tell by just reading the rules, but once Paimon started playing, Paimon found out the game was really fun!
Paimon: Hold the Finchball in your palm, and feel its unique round design! Then, study it closely, and you discover incredible details you never expected...
Paimon: After that, you won't be able to resist trying to recall what real finches look like, and comparing them...
Basima: Your reactions are amazing! This is exactly why I designed this game!
Basima: If this game catches on in Teyvat, it'll spark a wave of finch fever! People everywhere will want to share their lives with a precious finch by their side!
Basima: Perhaps there will even be finch cafes, finch taverns, and even finch hotels! That way, even those who cannot raise a finch of their own can still bask in their radiant cuteness.
Basima: The sheer adorableness of finches would supercharge everyone's spirits with love, people would become more patient, and the world would have fewer arguments...
Basima: With time, Teyvat would become a land of peace! That's why I have to work hard on this game!
Traveler: An ambitious plan.
Paimon: Now that Paimon thinks carefully about what Basima has said, it makes a lot of sense, does it not...? Pet people are usually patient and reasonable...
Paimon: Finches are cute, and can be found everywhere. If more and more people fell in love with them, and raised them as pets, it would surely change their attitudes, and create an atmosphere of peaceful discussion!
Basima: Yes, that's absolutely what will happen! And thus, the two of you can be considered the first "Ambassadors of Finchpeace"!
Basima: You may freely use any of my creations, even all of Bing-bang Finchball! The only condition is that you spread the word across the world!
Paimon: Wow, who would've thought Basima had such a long-term plan for this game... Paimon's impressed!
Paimon: #No problem! Finchball is safe in the hands of Paimon and {NICKNAME}!
Traveler: We got this!
Basima: Great! Ambassadors of Finchpeace, we have a deal!
Basima: For the sake of world peace, let us shout out those words of wisdom for all of Teyvat to hear—
Basima: Finches are the cutest!
Traveler: Rest easy, the finches will guide our way!
Traveler: Hooray! Cuteness is peace!
Paimon: It may sound a bit dramatic, but it is a distinct possibility... Pet people are usually patient and reasonable.
Paimon: If more people raised finches as pets, it would surely change their attitudes, and create an atmosphere of peaceful discussion!
Traveler: I think Paimon is even cuter!
Paimon: Shh, keep it down! Even Paimon... can get embarrassed sometimes!
Basima: Haha, this I will admit! Now that I look more closely, your floating white companion is every bit as adorable as a finch!
Basima: The tiny body, the carefree attitude, the fluffy white hair, the chubby round cheeks, the big watery eyes like crystals and a delightfully colorful costume with naught a speck of dust or blemish...
Basima: Ordinary folk like me would never encounter such a wondrous traveling companion! Honored guest, you must be one in a million... no, a billion, to have such a friend!
Basima: So, in the eyes of most people, perhaps we should say... "If you don't count the extraordinary Paimon, finches are the cutest!"
Traveler: Correctamundo! Paimon is completely unique!
Paimon: Paimon thinks this conversation has gotten really weird...
Basima: You must take care to protect your companion! After all, many people covet that which is cute! Some of the bad ones may even try to fight you for companion...
Paimon: What are you saying!?
Paimon: Paimon can tell you have good intentions, but let Paimon set you straight on a few things—
Paimon: Companions are not something that can be won in a fight! It's a bond built on mutual trust, shared experiences, going through thick and thin, shared understandings... that's what matters!
Paimon: #No one can take Paimon away from {NICKNAME}! And Paimon doesn't trust easily!
Traveler: I can fight off the baddies.
Basima: An amazing speech! Such knowledge! I must applaud!
Basima: I never imagined that Paimon is not just an adorable companion, but also truly wise!
Basima: When I make the next game version, I shall add a new Finchball called "Companion Paimon"!
Basima: This new Finchball will have the ability to... lead everyone on a happy journey, progressing foward with joy, and removing all annoying obstacles!
Traveler: We only make friends with those that are Paimon-approved.
Traveler: Hahaha! I truly am the blessed among the fortunate!
Traveler: What is the true meaning of "cute"?
Basima: Yes, what exactly is "cute"? Your seemingly casual question actually brings us to essential and critical debates on definition.
Basima: Do certain shapes and colors form images that impact our psychology via our vision, and thus create this sensation?
Basima: Or do certain tones and pitches form sounds that reverberate inside us, creating a resonance with our feelings?
Basima: Thousands of papers can be written on the definition of "cute," and the academic world could debate it for decades...
Basima: Hahaha, but debates like those become a battle of academic resources! It is not reason and truth that wins, but power and position!
Basima: I suggest that you stay out debates like that, else you might end up like me... wasting years, losing the debate in the end, and offending an entire cafe worth of scholars...
Basima: Then my days at the Akademiya became a nightmare... I was dispatched into the desert with nothing but a small pack of provisions for a survey on mysterious creatures and almost died of hunger and thirst...
Traveler: I didn't know you'd tell me your life story...
Paimon: Paimon can't believe that a simple debate about cuteness in the academic world could go so far...
Basima: I've decided to let it go. After all, with Idyia's help, I now live in the Veluriyam Mirage and can spend all my time researching cute things, free of worry and care!
Basima: Of course, if you wish to discuss the arcane and mysterious subject of cuteness with me, I won't be like those unscrupulous scholars who will stoop to anything just to make things difficult.
Basima: All I want is a friendly conversation that makes both of us happy. You are welcome back anytime!
Traveler: I guess I know how you feel...
Traveler: We'll talk more about cuteness next time!
Basima: No problem! I believe that, when you have traveled across all of Teyvat and seen all manner of creatures, you will come back and tell me that you agree with me!