# Talk Dialog

Sucrose: Hi, you two! It's been a while, hasn't it?
Paimon: Oh, you're back! Wait... That must mean there's a new exam!
Sucrose: Yep. It's time for the Advanced exam. This one will be harder than previous exams, but I'm sure you'll do just fine.
Traveler: I'm a little nervous.
Sucrose: I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. I actually had Mr. Albedo take a look at your previous potions. He was a bit amazed that someone so new to potion-making could already produce such an impressive result.
Sucrose: He even told me that, for someone of your talent, we could stand to set harder questions.
Paimon: Wow, the recognition feels nice and all... But, Paimon feels even more pressure now.
Paimon: If we don't pass this time, it'll be super embarrassing!
Sucrose: Don't worry too much about that. Lots of things in life require a couple of tries before you get it right.
Sucrose: When I first started working as Mr. Albedo's assistant, all sorts of unexpected things would go wrong during my experiments...
Sucrose: For example, when I was studying the properties of Mist Flowers, I accidentally froze all the equipment in the lab. I basically turned them into ice sculptures. Our precision instruments were nearly ruined beyond repair.
Sucrose: Another time, I let a reagent boil for a little bit too long, and all the precious ingredients inside got charred to pieces. The smell was so bad, several knights passing by thought the lab had caught on fire...
Sucrose: Back then, I would get really hard on myself whenever things went wrong, but eventually I realized that, in order to make new discoveries, you have to accept the risk of failure.
Sucrose: A fear of making mistakes will prevent you from truly going after what it is that you want.
Paimon: You're absolutely right! Hey, you're actually really good at motivating people!
Sucrose: Hehe, it's just my experience talking — I've spent a lot of time doing research in the lab after all. Anyway, as long as you try, you'll learn something valuable from the experience.
Sucrose: Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.
Traveler: Check the exam requirements...
Traveler: Not yet, I need a little more time.
Sucrose: No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.
Traveler: I'll do my best.