# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Listen in)
Tea Master Liu Su: And they say that—
Tea Master Liu Su: The present days are quick to pass, but their stories are easily told — and few remain who may still recall the histories of old. Thus, we must pass down stories, so that battles and sages, gods and adepti are always remembered.
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, lean close in your seats and lend me your ears, for I shall speak now of Rex Lapis.
Tea Master Liu Su: This tale begins two thousand years prior. The days then were not ones of peace, as you and I remember...
Tea Master Liu Su: Liyue then was a place of contention between countless gods. Foul demons roamed the land, and the people could find no words to describe their agony...
Tea Master Liu Su: Then, Rex Lapis arose as the head of the adepti, and saved the people from calamity...
Traveler: (Keep listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: Indeed, Rex Lapis was the Prime of Adepti, and by his side stood the Seven Guardian Yakshas, mighty even amongst their kin.
Tea Master Liu Su: It was then that Rex Lapis fought a great battle against the sea monster, the tyrant of the oceans.
Tea Master Liu Su: That sea monster was a true titan, with a head as broad as Mt. Tianheng... Just think about it! How huge must its whole body have been, then?
Tea Master Liu Su: With its maw wide open, the sea monster lunged towards Liyue Harbor, intent on swallowing it and all its people whole!
Traveler: Yikes!
Tea Master Liu Su: ...But you must recall, dear guests, that Rex Lapis was a god, and he was not afraid!
Tea Master Liu Su: And he commanded the adepti in a loud voice, and gathered rock unto him within one hand — then, he summoned forth a rain of stones as large as buildings, beating that sea monster bloody!
Tea Master Liu Su: Those rocks then plummeted into the seas, and pinned themselves to the very ocean floor like so many long spears. Today, we know this place as the Guyun Stone Forest.
Tea Master Liu Su: And upon seeing this, the adepti and the yakshas fell upon the creature also, and with weapons and adeptus arts they frustrated the monster, filling its hide with wounds...
Tea Master Liu Su: Ah, but now, wickedness stirred in the creature's black heart. "O, this wretched Lord of Geo! I shall ruin his city, and then we shall see if he is more my foe, or their protector!"
Traveler: Oh no...
Tea Master Liu Su: So thinking, the sea monster churned the oceans, and sent forth a great wave hurtling towards the harbor.
Tea Master Liu Su: Even the adepti were dismayed, and ceased their assault for but an instant. But they looked to Rex Lapis, and lo! He was calm and unmoved.
Tea Master Liu Su: Why was Rex Lapis undaunted, you ask?
Tea Master Liu Su: Listen closely, for all will be revealed in the next telling...
Traveler: (Stop listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: ...But you must recall, dear guests, that Rex Lapis was a god, and he was not afraid!