# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Kamisato Ayato: If you wish to chat, then by all means, let's chat. What's on your mind?
Traveler: How's work in the Yashiro Commission?
Kamisato Ayato: I had thought you'd be inquiring about more personal matters.
Kamisato Ayato: Heh, you don't need to worry about me being overworked.
Kamisato Ayato: Case in point — I still have the energy to chat with you here.
Traveler: But don't you find the work draining?
Kamisato Ayato: People tend to find work draining if they haven't yet discovered what they are trying to protect.
Kamisato Ayato: I, at least, don't have this problem.
Traveler: Well, hats off to you.
Kamisato Ayato: I am flattered beyond belief to receive your praise and concern for my well-being.
Kamisato Ayato: But you needn't worry. At present, there is no one more suitable than I to be in the position of Yashiro Commissioner.
Traveler: But don't you think there's too much to do?
Kamisato Ayato: Oh, you mean my workload? Yes, it's rather enormous. But there's nothing that can be done about that.
Kamisato Ayato: All I can do is try to work through each item as intelligently as possible.
Traveler: How's life in the Yashiro Commission?
Kamisato Ayato: Life? ...Once work is accounted for, precious little time remains to allocate to my personal life.
Kamisato Ayato: If this is something that concerns you, I see a simple solution: you can be my valet.
Kamisato Ayato: My diet and other day-to-day needs will be your responsibility.
Kamisato Ayato: Oh... as far as diet is concerned, I'm not a picky eater. And as for everything else... No, actually I don't think I have any peculiar habits that you need to be aware of.
Kamisato Ayato: Though if you ever discover anything that tastes new and different, bring some back for me too.
Traveler: For example, strange new dishes?
Kamisato Ayato: Hmm... yes, why not. Worth a try.
Traveler: ...Oh, you're actually being serious this time.
Kamisato Ayato: Indeed, I am.
Kamisato Ayato: It's entirely up to you. Take your time and give it some thought. Consider it an ongoing discussion.
Traveler: For example, new kinds of milk tea?
Kamisato Ayato: Precisely. I'm looking forward to it already.