# Talk Dialog

Aratani: Ugh, how am I supposed to contact these two authors in this situation...
Traveler: Contact who now?
Aratani: Oh! Traveler, it's you... Thank goodness you're here. I was just in need of someone's help!
Aratani: Here's the problem: Yae Publishing House's annual novel-writing competition is about to begin, and as is our rule, we plan to invite a few of our writers to serve on the judging panel.
Aratani: However, we have two writers who are neither Inazuman, nor do they currently reside in Inazuma.
Aratani: As you know, the journey here is a long and tiring one over land and sea, and it will be quite the undertaking to bring both authors here.
Aratani: It would be nice, of course, if they could come. But regardless, it would not be polite of us to not even give them so much as notification that the event is occurring.
Aratani: So I thought that if someone could at least send them a gift, the basic courtesies would at least be satisfied. And we could also attach a letter discussing future manuscripts— *cough* I mean...
Aratani: Would you be willing to help me out?
Traveler: I'll do it.
Aratani: Thank goodness! I'm counting on you then, Traveler!
Aratani: One of them is named Zhenyu, and the other is... Chang the Ninth.
Aratani: Chang the Ninth's story, known as the "First Apprentice of Guhua," is a tale about the first apprentice of a famed martial arts school in Liyue and a young girl from Inazuma whom he took on as a junior apprentice.
Aratani: If you were to ask me, the themes and plot are just a little outdated by this point in time, but enough readers buy it to keep sales up.
Aratani: We often ask people to send some letters to him to suggest certain changes he might make in future works, by which he might perhaps make a breakthrough...
Aratani: But we have never received a reply. Perhaps the letters were lost on the way, or...
Traveler: Who's Zhenyu?
Aratani: Now this one, I have no idea about. It's likely a pen name of some sort.
Aratani: But the book "A Legend of Sword"? That one's an earth-shatterer and a world-shaker, make no mistake!
Aratani: Both the setting and the story have sent veritable shocks throughout the literary world!
Traveler: Well, where do I find this writer, then...
Aratani: Hmm. I believe that this writer also lives in Liyue. According to a traveling merchant who brought this book back to Inazuma, he first found this text at Wanwen Bookhouse.
Aratani: I think that if you ask the staff at Wanwen Bookhouse, you should be able to find this author.
Aratani: However... *cough* Well, never mind that for now. Here are the presents and the letters. I'm putting this in your reliable hands, Traveler!
Traveler: Who are these writers again?