# Talk Dialog

Haniyyah: It's almost time to go, Souka. We'll rest for a while after eating, and then we'll pack the campsite up.
Haniyyah: We'll be heading out on a long trek shortly. If any of the Fungi can't walk any further, then we'll do it as we did before...
Haniyyah: You'll carry Twirly-Whirly and Blitzara, I'll carry Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy, and the tents and baggage will be left to the Sumpter Beast.
Souka: Alright. I'll get the fire started, then. And put some more food on, too — this is going to be a long trip, after all.
Paimon: Looks like Haniyyah and Souka have met up at the campsite. Paimon wonders what they're talking about...
Traveler: Well, why don't we listen in?
Paimon: Sure! Paimon's honestly quite curious... And surely they wouldn't mind, would they?
Souka: I heard that the Fungus Mechanicus trials went quite well.
Souka: Yesterday, a few merchants came up to me to confirm their invoices, and even they've played Fungus Mechanicus — they've got nothing but praise for it, too.
Haniyyah: Indeed, Balfour's really got a head for planning. We could learn a thing or two from him.
Haniyyah: We also had the help of Golden Comet and Silver Companion, and everything went quite smoothly overall. It's been really encouraging, honestly.
Souka: Ah, as one might expect of the "Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor"! Troubles that would stymie any ordinary person shall not frustrate them!
Souka: And issues that an ordinary person can handle shall all but quickly melt away...
Paimon: Hehe, they're praising us!
Traveler: Shh, Paimon...
Haniyyah: Come to think of it, have we ordered enough goods?
Souka: Don't worry. We're practically old customers of theirs by now.
Souka: Construction materials for expanding our camp, new bedding and a small meal table for our fungal friends, and a climbing frame for them to play... Everything has been accounted for.
Souka: The Marvelous Jelly ingredients that Master Najah left with the merchants are also as if fresh out of the oven!
Souka: You could say that we've really gained a lot from this trip to Port Ormos!
Haniyyah: Glad to hear it.
Haniyyah: After we get back to camp, I'd appreciate it if you could teach me some more words and grammar. I've got to finish my copy of "500 Things You Need to Know When Organizing a Big Event."
Souka: No problem. To be honest, the things we've gone over before are definitely sufficient. With how hard a worker you are, you'll finish that book with ease, I know it.
Souka: But are you sure you still want to learn more about doing business? You could always leave it to Mr. Balfour.
Haniyyah: The first iteration of the tournament had a lot of staff working in the background apart from Mr. Balfour, and we don't know how many more people we'll need to hire for the next.
Haniyyah: We can't just put the burden solely on his shoulders, and we shouldn't make our Golden Comet and Silver Companion worry about trivial matters either.
Haniyyah: That's why I need to learn how to wear many hats quickly. Apart from doing my job as a beast tamer well, I want to be able to handle all sorts of tournament-related affairs.
Haniyyah: And that's how I'll meet their expectations...
Souka: That makes sense... In which case, I'd like to help too!
Souka: I don't know what I can do, actually, but I'm determined to do something!
Haniyyah: In that case, I'd advise you to improve your physical abilities first. You'll have time for other things once you're able to survive by yourself in the wild. If not, I'll have to constantly keep an eye on you.
Souka: I'll... I'll do my best. I won't drag you down!
Souka: I mean, I've improved quite a bit during this time, haven't I? I even managed to beat back a large Shroomboar that had come charging into the camp!
Haniyyah: Hmm. Speaking of fighting, that reminds me. Would you fancy a change of attire?
Haniyyah: The hems of your current clothes are way too long for living in the forest, and they look pretty expensive as well. It would be a huge shame to ruin them...
Haniyyah: I have a few spare sets of Eremite attire, and even some weapons I used to use. If you don't mind, I could give them to you.
Souka: A mercenary's garb? I... I'm curious, that I must admit! This would be an amazing experience for me as a writer!
Paimon: Hehe, looks like they're getting along pretty nicely!
Traveler: If no one interrupts them...
Paimon: Alright, let's not disturb them, then. We should just let them continue discussing the future!
Traveler: I think they could probably go on forever...
Traveler: Hehe...
Traveler: Perhaps we should say hello all the same...
Paimon: Hmm, that works too. Sounds like they're going soon, so we can take this opportunity to chat just a bit.
Paimon: Hey there, Haniyyah, Souka!
Souka: Ahh! A sudden appearance, as befits our "Call-And-They-Appear Adventurers"!
Paimon: Huh. That nickname's also a first...
Paimon: How many nicknames do you have for us anyway, Souka? Maybe Paimon should get a little notebook someday and write them all down.
Haniyyah: Now, I did say that we would meet again soon, but I didn't expect to be proven right quite so quickly.
Haniyyah: Perhaps our next meeting will be just as unexpected as this one.
Haniyyah: If you choose to see your parting with your Fungi friends in that manner, the parting should sadden you less.
Traveler: That does make sense.
Paimon: Hehe, thanks Haniyyah! Paimon's feeling loads better already!
Haniyyah: We were just planning to return to camp once we finish eating. If you're not in a hurry, would you like to come with us?
Haniyyah: Souka's a very good cook, and she often makes things I've never even heard of — it'd be a shame for you to miss out.
Haniyyah: It was her suggestions that led Najah to make all kinds of new Marvelous Jelly flavors. Our shroom buddies really do enjoy them.
Paimon: R—Really?
Souka: Oh, it's nothing that dramatic. I was just trying to imitate some dishes I read about in the bridging plots of some light novels. There wasn't any special basis behind it...
Souka: Now that you two are here, I'm going to do more than my best to whip something awesome up!
Paimon: Woohoo, time for a feast!
Paimon: It's time for Souka's "Unbound Author's Feast"!
Haniyyah: I'll call our fungal friends over and lay a spread of their favorite Marvelous Jellies for them, so we can all eat together.
Haniyyah: Hmm... I... seem to have gotten used to this, haven't I?
Haniyyah: ...How nice.
Paimon: Did you just say something, Haniyyah?
Haniyyah: No, not really... Heh, just look at Souka go. It's almost like she's conjuring a meal, rather than cooking it.
Souka: Well, I'm starting — just watch me!
Black Screen Text: Souka picks out quite a few light novels with exceedingly long titles from her pile of books and checks them against the ingredients available at the campsite before deciding on the menu.
Black Screen Text: Afterward, she whips out some cooking utensils and begins the flashy and swift process of cooking. She quickly completes several luxuriant dishes.
Black Screen Text: Everyone sits on the campsite grounds, enjoying the delicious feast together with the Fungi.
Black Screen Text: The murmuring waters intertwine with the forest fragrances and the flavors of the feast...
Black Screen Text: Time seems to slow down, and the enjoyable time stretches on...
Paimon: Phew... That was great. Paimon's so full!
Paimon: What do you think, Bongo-Head, Kindlejoy, Twirly-Whirly, and Blitzara?
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Twirly-Whirly: ♩~
Blitzara: ♬~
Paimon: Hooray! Everyone else has eaten and drank their fill, too!
Traveler: Huh, I didn't understand that!
Paimon: Hehe, guess you'll have to have a few more conversations with Bongo-Head before the next tournament!
Paimon: Speaking of that, Paimon didn't think that you could cook Ajilenakh Nuts in that many ways...
Paimon: Or that cooked Sunsettias and Zaytun Peach would have this sort of flavor when mixed with spices.
Paimon: Huh, Souka hasn't been here long, but she seems like she already understands the unique points of the local ingredients!
Souka: Well, that's our job as authors. Before we write anything, we must do sufficient research into the places we will write about, and memorize the local encyclopedias as much as possible.
Souka: Sprinkle in a bit of the thought process that one reads about often in light novels — combining two strange elements to see what happens — and you might be pleasantly surprised by what you find.
Souka: Speaking of that, I just remembered a light novel opining that the pinnacle of culinary skill can transcend even the most absolute of preferences and the most ossified of habits...
Souka: For example, you can make people who don't enjoy spicy food eat some, or cause dogs to fall in love with cat food...
Souka: The author reasoned that "there are no borders within food so long as you grasp and control the key ingredient that lies between love and hate"!
Souka: Perhaps that principle may also work with our shroom buddies?
Souka: Perhaps they may no longer be limited to using Marvelous Jellies for sustenance should our culinary skills reach a certain threshold.
Paimon: Is that so? That... sounds... kinda reasonable?
Paimon: #Traveler, maybe we should keep an eye out the next time we go to Inazuma to see if we can find that kind of light novel!
Paimon: If a suitable opportunity arises, we should start our own special culinary training. Let's show our shroom buddies a whole new world of gourmet dining!
Traveler: Leave it to me, Paimon!
Souka: Nice, nice. I guess I can add "Hyperadaptive Chef" to your list of features... and perhaps you really will succeed!
Haniyyah: If it's you two, I suspect that you'll even be able to accomplish things that cannot be explained through common sense — you'll show everyone that it's done.
Haniyyah: I look forward to it, in fact. Let's all do our best!
Paimon: Alrighty then! Now that we're all fired up, let's get a move on!
Paimon: Let's share another meal just like this one the next time we meet!
Traveler: We'll give it a try, no matter how hard things get!
Traveler: Can Paimon speak to the Fungi?
Traveler: Let's leave them to do what they have to.
Paimon: Hmm, that's true. Everyone has their own arrangements, so let's not disrupt their rhythm.
Paimon: Let's hope we meet them again soon!