# Talk Dialog

Frejus: So, how are the experiments going?
Traveler: Not bad.
Frejus: Phew... Glad to hear it.
Traveler: Do even geniuses worry about their experiments?
Frejus: Haha, it sure would be nice if I really were a genius. To be honest, I'm just an ordinary fellow who's lived an ordinary life for thirty years. There's nothing special about me.
Frejus: I would have been more enthusiastic just a few years ago, but I was shot while rescuing hostages, and as a result, I often wake up in pain at night, so I ended up like this.
Frejus: Gunshot wounds tend to be very troublesome like that. Fortunately, all the hostages were saved — that was one of the few highlights of my life.
Traveler: Why does Chenee call you a genius, then?
Frejus: Oh, uh, about that... I took her and the other newbies out for a party when she first joined... and I might have bragged about my abilities too much while drunk.
Frejus: All that "rejected the Institute three times" business... It was I, in truth, who was rejected. I'm no genius, just a normal person who dabbles in little gadgets.
Frejus: I didn't expect them to all believe me, and since our patrol work isn't all that interesting, they always pester me with questions when they get bored.
Frejus: As such, I've been forced to continue this charade... That said, while my work is nothing compared to the Institute's advanced research, I have constructed quite a few small, useful inventions.
Frejus: Of course, I make them out of pocket, but I keep those greenhorns in the dark by saying that they're funded by the higher-ups, which makes them sound more cool. Please keep my secret, if you don't mind.
Traveler: This will fall through one day, I know.
Frejus: Yes, I'm aware. But I imagine their curiosity is limited, and in fact, many people have lost interest — only Chenee remains.
Frejus: Once she too gets bored, I shan't have to continue.
Frejus: I'm sure it'll make me feel a little better... and a little disappointed all at once. Such is base humanity, I suppose.
Traveler: I thought you had confidence.
Traveler: We're having fun.