# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Candace: If you have time, would you like to hear me tell a story?
Candace: You can sit by my side, or... something more casual, whatever makes you feel comfortable and relaxed.
Candace: Although I may be a village guardian with her spear and shield ever at the ready... Deep down in my heart, I've always loved cozy and calm atmospheres like this.
Traveler: Got it.
Candace: Great. So, just be yourself when you're around me.
Candace: Well then... weary wanderer of lands beyond, do you wish to hear about the ancient legend of King Deshret, or the history of Aaru Village?
Traveler: About the legend of King Deshret...
Candace: King Deshret was an ancient god of the desert, known as "Ahmar" to the desert folk.
Candace: He was the king of warriors, gardeners, and intellectuals alike. He controlled the howling winds in the desert, the sand dunes silvered by moonlight...
Candace: And the thousand-and-one fairy folk who hide within the dreams of the night and the cries of the owl...
Candace: His arrogant acts of folly led to his ruinous fate. The sands entombed his city, leaving only the sorrowful elegies of the Eremite songsters...
Candace: Even now, most desert folk remain devout believers in King Deshret. The rumor that he will one day be resurrected has become their only hope for the future.
Candace: People may find it hard to admit, but lies often soothe the heart more than the truth ever could.
Candace: My apologies... Things got dark pretty quickly.
Traveler: You might feel better if you let everything out.
Candace: Heh, you're right.
Candace: We had a difficult past, and our lives at the moment aren't exactly easy, but it's our peaceful lifestyles that I wish to defend.
Candace: Thank you for patiently listening to all that I had to say. It feels like a burden has been lifted from my heart.
Candace: #Thank you, {NICKNAME}.
Candace: When you have time, I'll tell you more stories of the interesting things that happen in our village.
Traveler: About the history of Aaru Village...
Candace: In the past, the mountain and lake where Aaru Village is situated was a part of King Deshret's territory.
Candace: As the god of the desert, King Deshret built a city from the golden sand and crimson rock, and called it "Akhtamun."
Candace: After King Deshret passed, the surviving residents of the city became the earliest inhabitants of Aaru Village, bringing their traditions and faith with them.
Candace: Some time later, Aaru Village became a place of exile for scholars...
Candace: We are all born free, yet we are also inevitably bound by shackles.