# Talk Dialog

Ei: ...Steam replete with the scent of orchids. Water that turns the complexion a blushing pink... So, this is a hot spring.
Traveler: Is it your first time here?
Ei: Yes, there are Royal Hot Springs near Tenshukaku. But, the plans were set in motion only after Hiiragi Hiroshi introduced the Snezhnayan Blast Furnace to Inazuma, and that was five hundred years ago.
Ei: When the project was complete, I was already in the Plane of Euthymia... And, naturally, the body of the Shogun has no need for such luxuries.
Traveler: Hiiragi Hiroshi...
Ei: The members of the Kanjou Commission were once friends with Makoto and the Kitsune Saiguu. Although mere mortals, those who managed to survived back then were special individuals indeed.
Traveler: What happened back then?
Ei: ...What makes you say that?
Traveler: The look on your face...
Ei: ...
Ei: ...Now I see why my officials claim that the hot springs facilitate conversation. Even I find myself divulging more than intended.
Ei: ...You're correct. Following the dark disaster five hundred years ago, a Nightmare engulfed Inazuma.
Ei: On a battlefield consumed in darkness, our soldiers fought against dark forces, creatures capable of possessing people and trapping them in nightmares. Even the Yumekui-Baku could do nothing to wake them.
Traveler: As awful as that sounds...
Ei: ...Perhaps not. The battle was intense. Those who stood up in defense of this land knew the chance of survival was slim. In the face of certain death, surely a nightmare is nothing to fear...
Ei: But, what if I told you this... If the person trapped in the nightmare was strong enough to overcome incapacitation, it would become a waking nightmare instead.
Ei: The person would lose all capacity to distinguish dream from reality, perceiving everything in the real world as a continuation of the war.
Ei: And every precious thing in life as an enemy to be annihilated... That is a far more painful nightmare, both for the person in question and those around them.
Traveler: (...If I hadn't broken out of the nightmare yesterday, would that have happened to me? Then, Ei must be so worried because...)
Traveler: Did that happen to someone... back then?
Ei: ...Yes.
Traveler: And...?
Ei: I... unleashed Musou no Hitotachi and struck her down.
Traveler: ...
Ei: No need. I have no regrets. I know it was the right decision, both for Inazuma's sake and her own.
Ei: If necessary, I would do it again.
Traveler: Ei...
Ei: ...Well, it's about time you two showed yourselves, yes? You've listened in long enough.
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): ...Oh.
Yae Miko (???): Heh.
Traveler: Oh? It's you two.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Before you say anything, this part wasn't me.
Yae Miko: Well, since the cat's out of the bag...
Yae Miko: How about a hot spring tea party?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hey!
Yae Miko: Ahhh... Nice and warm. No wonder the hot springs relaxed your inhibitions, Ei...
Ei: ...So, who came up with this idea? I want the truth.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I guess... both of us?
Yae Miko: Well, I happened to consult a certain clinical psychologist about how to get an old friend to open up...
Yae Miko: In her expert opinion, doing something new with a trusted companion in a new environment can make someone less guarded... Looks like it worked like a charm.
Traveler: I understand the reasoning...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's one thing to trust that Miko has good intentions, but would you let your guard down around her?
Traveler: ...Good point.
Yae Miko: Hehe...
Ei: ...Your concern is misplaced. I kept these matters to myself because I was unsure whether this incident is connected to the past, and I did not want to interfere with the investigation.
Ei: If the investigation reached an impasse or new clues pointed to the Nightmare from back then... Naturally, I would have discussed this intel with you.
Yae Miko: Intel, huh... It appears you still don't understand why I wanted you to open up in the first place.
Ei: ...Hm?
Rie (???): Help! Help me!
Traveler: What was that!?
Traveler: (Then, Ei must be so worried because...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Sounds like it came from outside. Let's check it out!
Traveler: But, why not do it yourself?
Traveler: ...I'm sorry.
Traveler: What happened...?
Traveler: It doesn't seem bad enough to make you this upset.
Traveler: Does it have anything to do with what's happening right now?