# Talk Dialog

Bernhard: Honorary Knight and Paimon, the "owner's assessment" is here. Please cooperate with me!
Traveler: Owner's assessment?
Paimon: Sounds a bit like a legal examination. Are we supposed to fill out a... super-complicated answer sheet?
Bernhard: No no no. No need to be so formal. I just need your verbal answers!
Bernhard: Our store was in a special situation, and Leah was supposed to be inspecting me, but I already knew the entire safety manual by heart.
Bernhard: You two are in charge now, so Leah asked me to check you out on her behalf.
Bernhard: All you have to do is answer two questions and prove that you are safety-aware. I believe in you guys!
Bernhard: You can also get a reward if you answer correctly.
Paimon: Paimon was really nervous about the test just now! Well, now it sounds pretty simple.
Traveler: Let's do this.
Bernhard: Alright. First question.
Bernhard: "If a known alcoholic suddenly shows up in front of your shop intoxicated, what do you do?"
Traveler: What was he drinking?
Paimon: Hey! That's definitely wrong!
Bernhard: Well... the correct answer is "call the Knights of Favonius for support to prevent the other party from getting into a drunken accident"...
Bernhard: Still, according to the Honorary Knight's thinking, if it can fuddle even an alcoholic like that, it must be no ordinary drink.
Bernhard: Its stock is bound to be limited. If we join in, we can cut down on inventory in other stores.
Bernhard: Plus, there's another place on the market that sells it. It reduces the likelihood that drinkers will drink too much in one store.
Bernhard: Amazing! Thinking longer-term is indeed something more fitting for the Honorary Knight!
Paimon: #Bernhard... This logic is so complicated... You don't have to work so hard to bail {NICKNAME} out...
Bernhard: Alright, so next question...
Bernhard: "Items for sale are often boxed up and stacked, posing a fire hazard. As a shopkeeper, what measures would you take to prevent fire hazards?"
Traveler: Put a Cryo Slime in one of the boxes...
Paimon: Hey! Be serious!
Bernhard: Wait, I never thought about that before!
Bernhard: The way goods are stacked for sale is a problem that every shopkeeper faces.
Bernhard: Normally, a good answer would be along the lines that "it is very dangerous to concentrate a large number of wooden boxes together, and they should be stacked separately with proper ventilation in mind."
Bernhard: But that would make it cumbersome to pick up the goods, and it would be too much of a problem for understaffed stores.
Bernhard: Only those who are very strong can employ the Honorary Knight's method. But by ensuring the fire resistance of wooden cases, you can fundamentally solve the problem.
Bernhard: I remembered Timaeus in the city say that there is a coating laced with Slime Condensate that has a good fire resistance effect. That's for sure worth promoting!
Paimon: Bernhard... are you for real?
Paimon: #If Paimon knew {NICKNAME} could answer either way, Paimon would have jumped on those questions, immediately!
Paimon: Otherwise, as one of the store owners, Paimon isn't pulling any weight at all!
Bernhard: Please don't be discouraged, Paimon. The Honorary Knight's answers were light and witty, and also made sense. In a way, it's a lot like what you would say.
Bernhard: Perhaps the Honorary Knight's answers to the questions were inspired by you.
Paimon: Oh, really?
Traveler: Hehe.
Paimon: Hmph, that's right. Next time you have a question like that, let Paimon answer it.
Bernhard: Either way, I always learn a lot when I'm working with you two!
Bernhard: You passed! You gave excellent answers to both questions. Here is the reward from Leah, please accept it!
Traveler: You found me out.
Traveler: Put a Cryo Slime in each of the boxes...
Traveler: We'll be selling it too!