# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Citlali: Sure. Is there something you want to talk about?
Traveler: What happened to those... creations of yours?
Citlali: You mean the Tzitzimimeh? Yeah, it's strange.
Citlali: This realm is quite special. It's almost completely isolated from the outside world, so the malice of the stars has been greatly reduced.
Citlali: That's probably why they look a bit out of sorts.
Traveler: I'm almost starting to feel bad for them...
Citlali: Oh, that's kind of you.
Citlali: They are born of the world's malice towards humans, but don't worry — their capacity for evil was stripped away before anything bad could happen.
Citlali: Now, they're nothing more than mascots.
Citlali: By the looks of it, there are illuminated creations here powerful enough to obscure the celestial mechanisms. This must be a mystical realm...
Traveler: How did you know?
Citlali: If you read light novels, it's obvious.
Citlali: The ancient vassals in "Mirage Warriors" were able to preserve many ancient technologies and mystical arts from the preceding Age of the Three Saints, including the ability to create realms.
Citlali: Wait, maybe it was a true story all along!
Traveler: I don't think so...
Citlali: W—Well, in any case, all the best novels take inspiration from real life.
Citlali: Actually... What are the chances Mirage Warriors was written by one of your adepti friends?
Citlali: And the feline-headed "Higashi no Sankun" and "Nishi no Oubo" are just self-inserts?
Traveler: Um... Now that you say that...
Citlali: Wait, does that mean you actually know some kind of cat adeptus?
Citlali: Huh, now that I think about it... I don't think the author was an adeptus.
Citlali: I've been following that novel since the beginning, and the writing has changed hands twice already. That wouldn't happen with an adeptus. They can outlast pretty much anyone...
Traveler: I suppose things are safer this way.
Citlali: You're not wrong. They are born of the world's malice towards humans, after all.
Citlali: But don't worry, they're harmless now. Under my control, they can't do anything bad.