# Talk Dialog

Diona: #Hmm? Traveler? Paimon? Huh, looks like you're running a business...
Paimon: Oh, hey Diona! And Tone-Deaf Bard! What brings you to the shop?
Venti: I could smell what you were brewing from all the way across Cider Lake. Bards have an extremely keen sense of smell, you know.
Diona: Again with the nonsense... Don't listen to him. We were actually in the middle of looking for some cocktail ingredients.
Diona: Margaret is getting ready to run a new promotion at The Cat's Tail, so she asked me to come up with some new drink ideas.
Diona: The bard over here is performing at the event. When he saw me getting ready to leave, he insisted on tagging along to help.
Venti: Well, what better way to be the first to try your new concoction than by helping you collect ingredients?
Paimon: Well, that explains your enthusiasm, then. You're only that generous when alcohol is involved.
Diona: Anyway, I was having some trouble coming up with new ideas for ingredients to use. I've already experimented with just about every ingredient you can find around Mondstadt — even the weirdest ones.
Diona: The bard saw me struggling and told me he had an idea, so we split up for a while.
Diona: I didn't get my hopes up, but sure enough, he came back a little while later with a rare ingredient I'd never used before...
Paimon: Oooh! What is it? Some sort of secret? C'mon, bring it out so we can see!
Venti: Hehe, it's a bird feather I found on a ruin in Dragonspine.
Venti: It was once buried in snow, and is still cold to the touch even now.
Venti: I'm sure it could be used to produce a drink with an entirely new sort of mouthfeel!
Paimon: Woah, well if anyone can find something like that, Paimon supposes it'd be you...
Diona: Unfortunately, this ingredient is not easy to find. We'll probably use up the measly amount we've discovered with just the recipe testing alone.
Venti: Don't worry about the ingredients, Diona. I'll figure something else out. You should head back, so you can get a head start on working that mixology magic of yours.
Diona: Uh-huh, 'cause the sooner I get started, the sooner you get to take advantage of the fruits of my labor, isn't that right?
Venti: Ah, well, just think of it as a way to pay me in advance for all my hard work, hehe.
Diona: That still doesn't solve our problem, though...
Diona: #Traveler, Paimon, do you have any ideas for a new drink?
Traveler: How about a different approach?
Diona: Huh? Infuse drinks with different effects... But, doesn't that bring us back to the ingredient problem all over again?
Paimon: #Oh! Paimon gets what he's saying.
Paimon: *ahem* You're looking at one of the most popular duos on the Mondstadt alchemy scene right now. Our potions are one of the hottest commodities in Teyvat!
Diona: But... what do potions have to do with drinks?
Paimon: You can add them as an ingredient, of course! Potions can add all sorts of different effects... For example, with a little alchemy on your side, you could even make a drink that can heal a broken heart!
Diona: Wow, I never knew potions could do something like that!
Traveler: Paimon's example is a bit of a stretch...
Diona: I see. How about a potion that makes people never want to drink alcohol again? Could you make something like that?
Traveler: I could try.
Paimon: #Woah, woah, woah. Don't go making promises we can't keep, Traveler!
Paimon: How are we supposed to make a potion like that!?
Diona: Ah, what a shame... And here I thought I'd finally be able to dismantle the entire Mondstadt wine industry in one fell swoop.
Paimon: It's okay, we'll try to see if we can find some other ways to help.
Venti: Actually, I've always been curious, Diona — is there a particular reason you don't like alcohol?
Diona: Hah, isn't it obvious? Ever been around a drunk person before? Let me tell you, it's not a pleasant experience!
Venti: Ah, so your gripe isn't really with alcohol itself, but the fact that it makes people drunk!
Venti: Hmm, this may sound a little weird, but I wonder if it's possible to use this mysterious alchemy craft of yours to make a drink that prevents people from getting intoxicated?
Paimon: #Hmm, so you mean, a potion that can keep someone sober and awake? Sounds like something we could do. Whaddaya say, Traveler?
Traveler: If we just need to produce something that invigorates the mind...
Diona: Perfect! I can just see it now! The more alcohol those drunkards consume, the more sober they'll become...
Diona: They'll finally have to say bye bye to their days of drunken depravity!
Diona: #It's decided then! Traveler, please make me a potion that can keep people sober!
Venti: Gotta say, I'm starting to get really curious about what that drink's going to taste like.
Traveler: Should be doable.
Traveler: Potions wear off over time...
Paimon: Oh, that's right. Even if we could make one that discourages people from drinking, it would only last for a little bit before wearing off.
Traveler: But, more reasonable effects are absolutely doable.
Traveler: You could infuse drinks with different effects...