# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Gorou, Kirara, your potion is now ready! Why don't you give it a try?
Gorou: Wonderful! You two sure work fast!
Gorou: Hmm...
Gorou: Wow! My right shoulder was acting up from using my bow so much... But a few drops of your potion, and the pain is completely gone...
Kirara: Th—The pain from walking on all that rough terrain... it's like it was never there! I thought you dealt in potions, not magic elixirs!
Kirara: With this in my arsenal, I bet I could deliver two hundred orders in a single day!
Paimon: Hehe, looks like we've got another hit on our hands! Guess we can add the people of Watatsumi Island and the workers at the Komaniya Express to our list of happy customers!
Traveler: Another perfect result!
Paimon: Well, now that our work is out of the way, there's nothing standing between us and that afternoon tea we were promised...
Paimon: Oh, perfect! Lisa's here.
Lisa: I'm sorry to report my little wolf cub appears to be busy. I sent someone to fetch him in Wolvendom, but he wasn't there... It's such a shame he's going to miss the opportunity to meet some fellow furry-eared companions.
Lisa: But, I'm sure you'll have the chance to meet in the future. In fact, the next time I see him, I'll be sure to tell him about the two of you. It'll give him something to look forward to.
Black Screen Text: Lisa sets out a tableful of exquisite snacks and delectable tea. With good company by your side, the gathering turns out to be a very pleasant affair...
Black Screen Text: While Kirara appears to enjoy her meal immensely, Gorou seems a bit nervous. His mannerisms bear a striking resemblance to how he acts around a certain Lady Guuji...
Lisa: Wow, you've placed quite the sizeable order. Thank you for your patronage, my Inazuman friends.
Lisa: If feedback on the potion is favorable, I hope you'll consider reupping your supply when the time comes. If making the journey proves too troublesome, we can always ship them to you.
Kirara: Of course! I have a feeling this super powerful alchemical craft of yours could be a game changer for the entire delivery industry!
Gorou: #Absolutely. I'll be sure to collect detailed feedback from my troops... Anyway, we should head out. Until next time, Traveler and Paimon. Oh, and it was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Guardian Mage.
Paimon: Bye Gorou! Bye Kirara!
Gorou: The next time I'm in Mondstadt, I should make it an official visit. A formal meeting between Her Excellency and the Honorable Guardian Mage is sure to be a momentous occasion!
Paimon: Uh, seems like that made-up title really had an impression on him. It's given him all sorts of funny ideas...
Traveler: Well done me.