# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Aloy: Of course. I want to go out exploring with you again. Visit new places, see new things.
Aloy: On that note, I've been meaning to ask you something. When we've been out on the hunt in the past, I've noticed you've actually got an edge over me.
Aloy: How did you learn to hunt like you do? Or rather... who taught you?
Traveler: I guess I'm self-taught.
Traveler: Nothing fancy, I'm afraid...
Aloy: Ha. And modest about it too. So I guess you started out with natural talent and then worked at it relentlessly.
Aloy: Plus, you go on all these adventures to hone your skills. That's what's really shaped you into who you are today.
Aloy: A lot like me, I guess.
Aloy: I started out okay. Then Rost really trained me up.
Aloy: He was a great hunter. And an even better man.
Aloy: ...
Aloy: I hope he'd be proud of who I am today.
Traveler: I'm sure he would be very proud.
Aloy: Thanks. But to be honest, the only reason I started training in the first place was to win the Proving and get a boon from the Matriarchs. I wanted to know who my parents were.
Aloy: Back then, I never thought I'd be uniting everyone against an evil machine and its army.
Aloy: In fact, I probably would have found the idea of everyone uniting together even more far-fetched than the part about the evil machine.
Traveler: Nobody knows what the future holds.
Aloy: Yeah. But I actually kind of like that feeling of not knowing.
Aloy: Going out into the world, exploring the unknown, embracing new challenges, that's what I'm used to.
Aloy: But didn't you tell me before that you aren't from this world? You came here as a traveler, too, didn't you?
Aloy: And you ended up staying to look for your missing sibling, correct?
Traveler: #Yes. I wonder where {F#he}{M#she} is now...
Aloy: #Don't worry. As long as {F#he}{M#she} is still in this world, the two of you will meet again.
Aloy: That's if I have a say in the matter. As a fellow outlander, I won't let you do this alone.
Aloy: I'll be ready to help whenever you need me.
Aloy: Wherever the hunt leads, I won't turn you down.
Aloy: In the meantime... when you have a moment, tell me more of what you know about this world.
Aloy: Starting with hilichurls, Abyss Mages, and Geovishap Hatchlings... I still don't know where any of their weak spots are!
Traveler: I would love to visit your world.
Aloy: If you ever do have the chance, you should take it.
Aloy: My world has its troubles. But it's worth seeing. And worth saving.