# Talk Dialog

Traveler: How do you like it here?
Kaveh: I'm still getting used to it all.
Kaveh: Never have I seen a place where you can decorate to your heart's whimsy... You don't understand what this means to an architect like me.
Kaveh: It blows my mind... So much free space for building and designing! It's like a sketchbook that'll never run out of pages.
Kaveh: I guess what I really want to say is... I'm so grateful that you invited me here as your guest.
Traveler: Relax the formalities and make yourself at home.
Kaveh: Err... That might not be the best idea...
Kaveh: To be perfectly honest with you, my blood has been boiling with excitement ever since I first stepped foot in this realm.
Kaveh: Guess it's a designer's instinct? I mean, if you ask me, I think all artistic folks are kinda like this.
Kaveh: Looking at your realm, all I can think about are things like architectural composition and façade designs.
Kaveh: Speaking of which, can I see your gardens and ponds? Or how about your water fountains? If you don't mind, tell me what you had in mind when decorating your realm!
Kaveh: I want to know the reasoning behind why you arranged the roads and buildings like this...
Traveler: I'm sorry, I threw everything together on a whim.
Kaveh: A... whim? Wait, why would you just put things together on a whim? None of this was planned?
Kaveh: When it comes to design, placement shouldn't be arbitrary... Don't tell me, the boundless potential of this place has robbed you of your principles and pride as a creator!?
Kaveh: I see now... These weirdly spaced furnishings, and all the things that seemingly serve no purpose... Hm...
Kaveh: Ugh... I—It's okay, I'll chalk it up to you having a unique sense of style.
Traveler: I arranged them using the insights I've gained on my journey.
Kaveh: Ah, I see. Taking what you've learned from your travels and applying them to your principles of design... Excellent!
Kaveh: You have the eye for this kind of work. If the life of an architect wasn't so difficult, I'd recommend that you enroll in formal study.
Traveler: I didn't feel like the Palace of Alcazarzaray was all that impressive...
Kaveh: What did you say!?
Kaveh: I... Ahem! It's fine, it's fine, people have different tastes... I can't force you to like my style. Besides, some aspects of it are difficult to appreciate unless you have a certain level of understanding about aesthetics...
Kaveh: Hmph! I'm not so easily offended. Pfft.
Traveler: But... there's literally nothing here.
Kaveh: ...
Kaveh: ...
Kaveh: Look, I've been pretending that you know something about decorating, so can't you play along, too?
Kaveh: I'm an architect! I build and design things! Seeing your home devoid of anything makes me feel really... really sad.
Kaveh: Can't you try, just a little? Don't let such a wondrous space go to waste.