# Talk Dialog

Kaedehara Kazuha: The Fortune Slip I received at the Grand Narukami Shrine stated that Great Fortune shall be with me and that I should expect a reunion.
Kaedehara Kazuha: #It seems the reunion was to be with you. It's been a while, Traveler.
Traveler: We're here to take pictures of Inazuma City.
Traveler: We're looking for people to take photos with.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Ah, an elegant pursuit. To take pictures of scenery one has witnessed is to remind oneself of one's journey thus far.
Traveler: What about you, Kazuha?
Kaedehara Kazuha: I have presently made plans to meet Mr. Nakanishi at the teahouse to discuss the art of the tea ceremony. He is well-versed in the relevant disciplines, and is a regular there.
Traveler: Are you an expert too?
Kaedehara Kazuha: I studied for a time in my youth, but my knowledge then was quite shallow. I have found it all the more fascinating while revisiting it for study as of late.
Kaedehara Kazuha: For example, the nations differ in their manifestations of said ceremonies. For Inazuma, we emphasize the spirit of "purity" and "tranquility."
Kaedehara Kazuha: Liyue's Qiaoying Village also produces tea, and the people of that land lean towards "harmony" and "authenticity."
Kaedehara Kazuha: These differences also reflect the two people's differences in living habits. Most fascinating.
Traveler: You're a real lover of learning.
Traveler: A man of elegant tastes, I see.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Haha, hardly... In truth, I did not return here solely for that.
Kaedehara Kazuha: This is the land of my birth, and so it remains, though I was once compelled to leave.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Returning every once in a while, seeing people I knew in my youth, spending time in familiar places...
Kaedehara Kazuha: I feel as if I still have roots here, which relieves the cares of my wanderings.
Kaedehara Kazuha: To use Kameras to immortalize such memories is a wonderful idea. We wanderers need our anchors more than anyone, after all.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Anyway, that's quite enough about me. I don't wish to take up your time, but if you need any aid, simply say the word.
Traveler: Alright. Step into the frame, then, if you would!
Kaedehara Kazuha: Easily done. What sort of pose would be best for the shot?
Traveler: One that's more casual.
Traveler: A relaxed pose.
Traveler: Perhaps one displaying deep thought.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Of course. How does this look?
Traveler: Perfect. Say cheese!
Traveler: Let's go with our relaxed pose instead.
Traveler: I think deep thought works better.
Traveler: Let's roll with the casual pose instead.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Let us do so.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Of course.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Fair enough.
Kaedehara Kazuha: I'm ready.