# Talk Dialog

Helga: Hello, Great Hero of Mondstadt! I am Helga, a deliveryperson for Good Hunter. How may I help you?
Traveler: Deliveryperson?
Helga: Yeah. I deliver orders for the restaurant. It's a super simple but enjoyable job!
Helga: Some customers don't want to cook from scratch or need to host important guests at home, so they place orders in advance, and the restaurant sends us to deliver the meal orders to the designated location.
Traveler: Doesn't sound that simple...
Helga: Really? You think so? But I find it pretty enjoyable myself!
Helga: No matter when or where, we allow people to easily enjoy their favorite foods... Delivering happiness like this gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement!
Helga: A few years ago, I accidentally fell and broke my leg. I had to stay at home and could barely get out of bed.
Helga: Usually, I'm the one who cooks at home since my dad's a terrible cook. His food is so bad even he can't stomach it. Moreover, he gets home pretty late, so the nearby restaurants are all closed by then.
Helga: During that time, my dad and I relied on the food delivered by deliverypeople! The moment we heard knocking on the door, we knew our hunger would be satisfied!
Helga: That's why I signed up as soon as I recovered. I decided to become the fastest, and the most reliable food deliveryperson, bringing my customers their satisfying meals!
Helga: #I heard there was once a deliveryperson nicknamed the "Golden Shadow." No matter how demanding the orders were or how great the distance, he could deliver them in record time!
Helga: Sadly, the Golden Shadow was a temporary worker hired by the restaurant from the Adventurers' Guild and only stayed a few days, leaving only the legend of their speed.
Helga: #He's an inspiration to me. I also want to become that kind of... well, a top deliveryperson in all of Teyvat!
Traveler: Hahaha! Then, keep it up!
Helga: Thanks for the encouragement! Now I feel motivated!
Traveler: Is that so? Keep it up!
Traveler: Doing the same job over and over can't be enjoyable...
Traveler: What are you doing here?
Helga: Oh, right! Sara said that the Good Hunter has received a special order to deliver food to the Spark Knight at regular times.
Helga: So she won't forget to eat her lunch while she's on important missions.
Helga: Seeing the Spark Knight playing games so carelessly and happily... Ahem! I mean, executing important missions, I'm happy to be of help!
Helga: A colleague of mine isn't so lucky. She received an order and had to deliver the food to somewhere near one of the cliffs near the *Brightcrown Mountains*...
Helga: Delivering food around Mondstadt is tiring enough, but to think she had to go across mountains and rivers carrying the backpack...
Helga: Fortunately, the customer is a wealthy merchant who always tips well...
Helga: She could have delivered dozens of orders and earned days worth of wages in the time it takes to make the trip otherwise...
Traveler: Don't let me keep you. Later!
Helga: Take care, you two. Drop by the Good Hunter whenever you're free and treat yourselves to a great meal!