# Talk Dialog

Lisa: Why, if it isn't my underclassman, Cyno. What a pleasant surprise it is to see you in Mondstadt during the Windblume Festival.
Cyno: Greetings, Lisa. Though I'm sure you've been aware of my presence in Mondstadt for some time already.
Lisa: Oh dear, looks like you've seen right through me. But I was in no hurry. I knew we'd see each other sooner or later.
Cyno: Yes. It's just as Professor Cyrus said — shared aspirations always have a way of bringing people into each other's orbit.
Lisa: Hehe, he always has such a poetic way of wording things. I suppose that's the one respect in which I've taken after him, while in your case...
Lisa: Yes, it's his wit and eccentricities that have left their mark on you.
Cyno: Hmm. I'm not sure that describes me very aptly these days, given that I'm now the General Mahamatra. Still, if we're going to talk about ways with words, I think my deadpan humor is far superior than our professor's.
Lisa: Is that so? Strange, I heard that you're just Cyno the Adventurer when you're in Mondstadt.
Cyno: ...You make a good point.
Lisa: What do you think of Mondstadt during this time of year? It's quite nice, isn't it?
Cyno: Yes. It's very nice. I think I'm starting to understand your reasons for leaving the Akademiya.
Lisa: Hehe. I've always prided myself on making wise decisions, and that was certainly one of them.
Cyno: If our professor had been as sensible as you, he would have had a much easier time in his working life. Being stubborn doesn't help anybody.
Lisa: Well, if even you feel comfortable criticizing him now that he's retired... it really goes to show how much he's changed.
Lisa: Stubbornness is an all-too-common vice among scholars. I hope that never rubs off on you. I'm always happy to see you visit Mondstadt, and experience the feeling of freedom for yourself.
Lisa: I heard the latest news about Collei, too. No doubt the traumas of her childhood will persist for a while to come, but I have to say, she appears to be doing quite better this time than on previous visits.
Lisa: I suppose you're something of a mentor to her, aren't you? Now that I think about it, the two of you aren't so dissimilar. The power of Hermanubis once brought you great suffering.
Cyno: That's all in the past now. Besides, Professor thankfully didn't treat me like a test subject for the priest's power like the higher-ups had hoped, even though I was a desert-dweller.
Cyno: Instead, he gave me the tools I needed to lead the life I have today. He adopted me, educated me, taught me how to fit into society... I am very grateful to him.
Lisa: You are very gifted, and sometimes that can become its own curse. But he has reason to be grateful to you, too — without you as his son-slash-student, he may never have changed his stubborn ways.
Lisa: As a fellow student of his, I couldn't be happier for the two of you. ...Ah, look at how quickly this developed from small talk to a deep and serious conversation. That's one thing I do miss about my Akademiya days.
Cyno: By virtue of being another of his students, you are as much a part of professor's family as I. It's perfectly natural for a daughter to inherit her father's conversation style.
Lisa: If you say so... I suppose that means I get to call you "baby brother" from now on.
Cyno: ...Um... I—I'd rather you didn't...
Lisa: Hahaha, yes, there's the baby brother I remember.