# Subtitle: Cs_Liyue_LQ1102907_LC_EN

Long ago, when plagues ravaged the land
One doctor made a pledge
To rid the world of pain and suffering
But even the most ingenious mortal medicine
Could not stay the tide of disease
And after working tirelessly for many years
Even his dearest loved ones fell sick
And bade their final farewell
Legends told of an Herblord in Chenyu Vale
Who could cure any illness known to mankind
The doctor sought the Herblord
But found only a white snake, its breathing weak and its power all but spent
"Sign this contract, and let our lives be joined"
"Then I will impart to you the secret art of healing"
"But be warned: This art will harm your own health"
With means beyond human ken
The doctor could now reverse the process of death
And yet, the time still came to say goodbye
Only now... the one departing was the doctor, his life force spent
His final act in life was to pass on the contract
To his final patient: his favorite disciple
The disciple chose to dedicate their life to saving the lives of others...
And generation upon generation followed in these footsteps
Since I inherited this contract, I've always respected the path taken by my predecessors
And followed it myself unquestioningly
That is, until...
I tried to use the art to save my own disciple's beloved
She begged me not to use up my own life force
She said that this art is a poisoned chalice, an evil and unnatural practice...
She did not wish to sacrifice one life for the sake of another, when both were lives she treasured
...Only then did it occur to me: Did I not suffer when my master passed away
Just as patients' families do at their loved ones' deathbed?
Are not the lives cut short by this contract
Just as worthy of saving as any patient's?
What is this contract to us? Medicine, or poison?
Alas, I no longer have enough time left to find the answer
I entrust to your care both Changsheng and this final question
May you find a remedy for this conundrum, which has ailed us so...
Time and again... No matter how much I try to warn them
Or balance their qi, I can never save them...
And you? What's your answer?
...If I abandoned the contract and left you without a host, what would happen?
Hmm... I suppose I'd spend my final moments taking a nice nap on Mt. Yaojun
Then, I'd be reunited with my old friends, and your predecessors
Then it's decided
If there's a life in front of me that deserves to be saved
Why shouldn't I do everything within my power to save it?
...*sigh* Once again, it's the same answer
So be it. Close your eyes
...Who knows how many more people will take on this contract
None
This contract... will end with me