# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Is there anything you'd like to do?
Clorinde: Hmm... How about a game inspired by the practice of duels?
Traveler: Can you tell me how to play first...
Clorinde: It's pretty simple. We'll use the Fateometer to determine the rules of the duel and the weapons we can use. I used to play this a lot with my Master. Although, back then, we just rolled a die.
Traveler: What if you roll a "critical failure"...
Clorinde: Then, unfortunately, you have to fight with your hands and feet tied.
Traveler: Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
Clorinde: Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
Clorinde: As a Hunter, there are times when your arm or leg might be out of commission due to injury. But, you have to be able to keep fighting.
Clorinde: "Never stop thinking about how to secure victory" — that's what my Master taught me.
Clorinde: Once, after two very unlucky rolls, she was forced to fight with a small tree branch as her only weapon. In the end, I still lost.
Clorinde: In any case, the randomness of it all can really help you test your limits. If you lose, just start over and roll again.
Clorinde: So, what do you think? Ready to play a round?
Traveler: ...Sure! Bring it on!
Clorinde: Hmm, the look of determination in your eyes says more than you know. I like it.
Clorinde: Let's begin. The loser owes the winner a meal.
Traveler: What if you roll a "critical success"...
Clorinde: Then, congratulations, you get to use the weapon of your choice and negate one lethal hit. Your opponent would have to land two hits on you to win.
Traveler: Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
Clorinde: Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
Clorinde: Even with preparation and luck on your side, get too confident, and even the greatest of Hunters can still suffer defeat.
Clorinde: A "critical success" can often be what leads to a "critical failure."
Clorinde: My luck is pretty good, so I've had my fair share of good rolls in these games. Even so, when I fought against Master, I often lost in the moments when I was most assured of victory.
Clorinde: "Prey is most easily caught when it believes itself invincible" — that's what my Master taught me.