# Talk Dialog

Koutoku: Ah, captain! Swordfish II, salute!
Traveler: Wow, it's been a while...
Gorou: I'll say! The squad was a little reluctant to help at first... But, telling them you were the festival representative had them moving faster than an actual swordfish!
Koutoku: ...To be honest, some Watatsumi Islanders aren't too concerned about the festival, or the safety of Narukami Island.
Yoshihisa: ...But, if they knew it was for the captain of Swordfish II, I'm confident everyone would be here in a heartbeat.
Traveler: I'm not sure I deserve that level of loyalty...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: #I doubt you have a choice at this point, Traveler.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Not even the words of a Divine Priestess are enough to convince the people of Watatsumi and Narukami Islands to let go of the past.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: It takes time, communication... and, most importantly, the help of very special people.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Your representation at this festival, and my collaboration with Mizuki will serve as bridges between Watatsumi Island and the outside world.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Huh, I never considered that angle... You possess wisdom beyond your years, Kokomi — on par with a certain other shrine maiden I know.
Paimon: Mizuki! Uh... Did you get any sleep at all?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm fine. Sometimes, you need to push past your mental limits to unleash your full potential... I've seen that many times in my line of work.
Traveler: So, that's a no, then...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I will. The good news is, the ritual is all set. That means the festival can proceed, and we can focus on realizing our vision.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As for the more pressing matter, once the Nightmare Fragment appears, we will begin the ritual. But, it needs time to take effect.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You and the Shogun are the only ones who can subdue the enemy until then... Do you remember what I told you yesterday, before you left for Aisa Bathhouse?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Humans, youkai, and archons bear the same capacity for emotion and are, naturally, susceptible to the same mental turmoil.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's very possible that someone who appears strong on the outside has learned to compartmentalize their negative emotions... And that is far from healthy.
Traveler: I remember.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Good. I trust you won't let the Shogun shoulder this alone... not anymore.
Traveler: Get a good night's sleep once this is all over.