# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Listen in)
Tea Master Liu Su: ...For those that wish to listen, I shall now proceed with the tale of The Crux's death-defying struggle against the wrath of the ocean.
Tea Master Liu Su: The name of the young lady who served as The Crux's captain was Beidou... She stood six-foot-tall and was built burlier than the burliest man you've ever seen! She was clad in fiery red clothing from head to foot, and had a fierce look in her eyes that pierced like lightning...
Tea Master Liu Su: Does this sound like an ordinary person to you? ...No? You're absolutely right! Beidou was indeed no ordinary person...
Tea Master Liu Su: ...But without further ado, let us dive deep into the details of Beidou's legendary battle against the formidable sea monster, Haishan!
Traveler: (Keep listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: ...Beidou was a force to be reckoned with. She pulled Haishan towards her with her left hand as she clenched her right hand into a fist and prepared to strike:
Tea Master Liu Su: "You will rue the day you dared to challenge The Crux!"
Tea Master Liu Su: Beidou roared with rage as she slammed her fist into Haishan's face with the force of an iron mace. Haishan's head tore open and blood oozed out, turning the sea red as far as the eye could see!
Tea Master Liu Su: Haishan, that colossal whale, had never seen such a thing in all the seven seas! Struggling with all his might, he broke free and turned to dive back into the ocean depths...
Traveler: Wow!
Tea Master Liu Su: ...In a flash, Beidou disappeared without a trace beneath the billowing waves.
Tea Master Liu Su: As the crew looked out upon the crimson-colored ocean, there was no telling Haishan's blood from that of Beidou... Fear for the fate of their captain coursed through their veins, but they dared not act in haste...
Tea Master Liu Su: The stalemate dragged on, hour after hour, for the better part of the day... And then, suddenly, a deafening sound like rumbling thunder filled the skies...
Tea Master Liu Su: I trust you all wish to know how the story proceeds? Listen closely, for all will be revealed in the next chapter...