# Talk Dialog

Traveler: How do you like it here?
Xilonen: It's great. I'm really liking my first time inside a teapot. It feels so different... nothing like being in one of the tribes.
Traveler: Which tribe is your favorite?
Xilonen: My favorite? Hah, my father would be so disappointed if he heard this, but...
Xilonen: ...My favorite tribe is actually the People of the Springs, Mualani's tribe.
Xilonen: There's the hot springs, the warm air, the delicious drinks... Not to mention the awesome record store and jewelry store.
Xilonen: It's a great relaxation spot no matter how you look at it.
Xilonen: Kinich's tribe is pretty great, too. They pitch their tents high above the ground, so there's always a refreshing breeze when you lie inside.
Xilonen: You can also go bungee jumping or grass skiing if that's your thing...
Traveler: Why not move to another tribe for a bit, then?
Xilonen: Well, haha... I've actually tried that before.
Xilonen: Mualani invited me to a party at her place not too long ago, and I stayed with her for a few days.
Xilonen: It was great at first, soaking in the hot springs every day, enjoying the drinks, going out to have fun with Mualani...
Xilonen: It's just... How should I put this? The longer I stayed, the more... unsettled I felt.
Xilonen: It's not that I was tired of the place or anything... I just felt compelled to go back to the Children of Echoes and check on things.
Xilonen: In the end, all I could think about was the unfinished business at my workshop, so I said a quick goodbye to Mualani and returned to my tribe.
Xilonen: The minute I stepped foot inside my workshop... No, the minute I saw the red cliffs of my tribe, I felt completely at ease. I really can't tell you why.
Traveler: So the Children of Echoes is your favorite tribe after all.
Xilonen: Eh, I wouldn't say my attachment is that strong...
Xilonen: Now that I think about it, I should take another vacation to the People of the Springs... I'll check in with Mualani in a few days.