# Talk Dialog

Paimon: What just happened? All we did was lock eyes with her for a split-second, and then...
Paimon: Wait, where did all these people come from? And what are they here for?
Traveler: Looks like they're waiting in line for some reason.
Paimon: True... Oh, and there's that girl! She's still here. Hmm, maybe she knows what happened?
Tejima: If I leave now, will I have enough time?
Shigeru: How many times do I have to explain?
Sanada: There's no going back if I report him. But still...
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Hmm... anxiety over a lack of creative inspiration... Well, inspiration tends to give anxious minds a wide berth, so I hope our treatment will help you relax.
Wakamurasaki: ...Thank you.
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): ...Remorse for the misdeeds of the past, and despair over the sorry state of the present... I can help you face your troubles with a more positive mindset, but you'll need to work through things in your own time, too.
Nishiguchi: ...Many thanks.
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Next please! *cough*...
Paimon: What's wrong with her?
Traveler: Are you alright?
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): I'm fine. Next, please...
Paimon: Um...
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Mmm! Delicious!
Paimon: Whoa, that was unexpected...
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Huh? What do we have here... *burp*! Oh no, I'm so sorry...
Paimon: Sorry for what? We have no idea what's going on here, let alone what you're sorry for. Would you mind bringing us up to speed?
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): It looks like you entered my dream by mistake. Let me wake you up, then I'll explain everything.
Paimon: Dream? When did that—
Paimon: Whoa...
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): #Hi! Feeling more awake now? Heh, I never expected Traveler to literally come to me in a dream.
Traveler: How do you know who I am?
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Oh, someone I know talks about you all the time. Plus... I'm pretty good at profiling people based on their reputation.
Paimon: So who are you?
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): Right, of course. It's our first time meeting each other, so I should introduce myself properly.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: My name is Yumemizuki Mizuki — or just "Mizuki" for short. I'm a yumekui-baku, which is a kind of youkai here in Inazuma.
Paimon: Yumekui-baku?
Little Baku: *hum*
Paimon: Hey, it's that little critter from before...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's what we look like in our original form. I'm guessing that's the one that led you into my dream earlier?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Baku feast on the bad dreams of human beings — but we need to be in a dream of our own to digest them. The place where you met me earlier was where I go to digest bad dreams.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I must have swallowed one too many bad dreams, because they were causing me some digestive trouble... It's actually a good thing you showed up when you did.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Call it a happy accident, I guess. Thanks to your help, I'm now able to digest all these dreams properly.
Paimon: Yeah, we thought you looked a little uncomfortable. That's why we came over. We didn't know what it was, we just thought maybe you could use some help.
Paimon: And Paimon really hates bad dreams, so Paimon's even more happy to help knowing that you can eat them!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Thank you... but I still owe you an apology...
Traveler: For what?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: While you were inside my dream... I ate one of your dreams, but it wasn't a bad one. It was a nice one.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I've eaten so many bad dreams today that I just scarfed it down without noticing...
Paimon: So yumekui-baku can eat good dreams too, huh... Still, is that really such a big deal?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course it is. Dreams are some of the most precious things a person can have, and I just went and gobbled it down...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's the unwritten rule of my kind: Never eat someone else's good dreams without permission. I can't believe I was so careless.
Traveler: Don't beat yourself up.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But... Don't you feel horribly depressed? Isn't your mind suddenly flooded with distressing memories?
Traveler: Nope.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Remarkable... I've never heard of someone remaining so mentally stable after having a good dream of theirs devoured...
Paimon: #Umm... It's probably because Traveler has too many good dreams to count!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Maybe, but I still owe you something for your trouble... Ah! Here, take this.
Paimon: It's a VIP pass for the Aisa Bathhouse...
Paimon: "Staffed by clinical psychologists and offering spa and fine dining services, we invite you to bring us your troubles and leave refreshed and renewed"...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's where I work. You'll find the address on there, too.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: This invitation letter entitles you to enjoy our highest-tier service, free of charge... Oh, and speaking of work — I'd better get back before I'm missed.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hope to see you as customers soon!
Paimon: So she's a yumekui-baku that eats bad dreams and a clinical psychologist, too?
Traveler: It adds up.
Paimon: Paimon's never considered therapy before. Then again, Paimon never really gets that stressed out. Except when she's trying to decide what to eat...
Paimon: Speaking of eating — that bathhouse place does fine dining, and we have a VIP pass. That means we can eat as much as we want, right? This is the opportunity of a lifetime! We can't let it go to waste!
Traveler: Yeah. Kinda cool...
Traveler: I feel fine.