# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Chiori: Do you have any hagoita here? I could go for a round or two against you.
Chiori: Hey, what's that look supposed to mean? Don't think I'm good for anything beyond sewing and stitching, huh?
Traveler: Nothing, just... Didn't know you were into that game. That's all.
Chiori: I played it all the time when I was growing up in Inazuma. I was actually one of the best players around.
Chiori: But no one knows how to play in Fontaine, and playing with beginners just feels... I don't know... kind of unfair to them?
Chiori: You must have played it during your travels in Inazuma, right? I bet you're pretty good.
Chiori: Well? You game? Don't tell me you're scared?
Traveler: Bring it on!
Chiori: Yeah, that's more like it! There's the Traveler everyone talks about.
Chiori: Just so we're clear, I will definitely exercise my bragging rights if you lose.
Chiori: We can start whenever you're ready. I've got my own pair of hagoita that I can use.
Traveler: ...You're gonna use both?
Chiori: There's nothing in the rules that says you can't use two. I use twin blades in combat, what's so strange about using twin hagoita?
Chiori: You can go ahead and use four hagoita against me, if you want. I don't mind.
Chiori: Unless... you'd rather forfeit right now?
Traveler: ...I just hope you're not a sore loser!
Chiori: Oh, don't you worry about that. Even though the Chioriya brand is all about never admitting defeat, I have no problem with accepting a loss in a game between friends.
Chiori: On one condition, of course... You have to actually beat me first.
Traveler: ...Isn't that a bit unfair?
Traveler: What's the penalty for the person who loses?
Chiori: Huh? Ooh, you wanna raise the stakes, do you? Fine by me, that'll make this much more fun.
Chiori: If you lose... you come help out at my store for a few days. You can do some sweeping, organize the outfits, maybe do a little modeling...
Chiori: And if I lose, I help out at your place instead. It's up to you. I can sweep the place, or maybe do some decorating...