# Talk Dialog

Clitopho: #Hello, Traveler! It's great to see you here.
Clitopho: Let's have a drink to slake our thirsts. My treat!
Traveler: Thanks.
Clitopho: No need, just tell me whenever you need some refreshment!
Traveler: How have you been recently?
Clitopho: Oh, neither good nor bad, really. But at least I no longer have any regrets.
Clitopho: Back when I was studying alchemy in Mondstadt, I believed that even overly-ordinary children like myself could reach our dreams.
Clitopho: But as I studied, I realized that there are some gulfs that cannot be bridged, and some people who cannot be caught up to.
Clitopho: That's when I realized that alchemy is really for those who either have immense talent or resources.
Clitopho: The color of my dreams... they just weren't the same as theirs.
Traveler: And that's why you joined the Treasure Hoarders?
Clitopho: *sigh* Well, I wasn't going to accept a lifetime of mediocrity, that's for sure. And I mean, there are those fated to do good, and those fated to do evil in this world, right?
Traveler: Do you still believe that?
Clitopho: Heh. Alright... Stop scolding me, you're starting to sound like Jinwu. And yes, I know I was wrong...
Clitopho: Jinwu talked to me about this as well, and she had the right of it for sure...
Clitopho: "Whether it's those who received the gods' favor, or those who are just lucky... They're like proud birds with their wings spread wide, living for themselves, looking far out into the distance."
Clitopho: "As for the places that they don't see, and the places they won't go, well, those are for people like us to build up, to watch over, to defend..."
Traveler: It sure beats being a bandit and hurting others.
Clitopho: Yeah... Becoming a Treasure Hoarder and all that... all I did in chasing such selfish freedom was bringing misfortune on myself.
Clitopho: And while the things we're doing right now are ordinary, they have impact beyond us or even people around us.
Clitopho: I mean... Someone's got to do this job, and we ordinary people just happen to be here, right?
Clitopho: Regardless, thank you both very much for helping me understand that ordinary work is not meaningless.
Clitopho: Phew, alright. Let's cut the chatter about pointless stuff. What say you to a drink? I've still got loads of "Real Man's Meds" on me, you know?
Paimon: Come on! Are you seriously still trying to sell us fake medicine?
Traveler: Why are you here?
Clitopho: I was sent up here by Jinwu. The Millelith might be sending a batch of blasting equipment over here soon, but she's busy at the campsite and can't leave at the moment.