# Talk Dialog

Mualani: #Aha, if it isn't Traveler and Paimon! Not looking for some graffiti inspiration near the People of the Springs, by any chance?
Mualani: If so, you've sure come to the right place. This area of ours is one of the best scenic spots in the whole of southern Natlan!
Paimon: Hey, Mualani! Paimon's feeling even more pumped, now we've run into you!
Paimon: But how could you tell we were searching for inspiration for our graffiti?
Mualani: Hehe, guides like me tend to keep our ears to the ground...
Mualani: As it just so happens, some members of the Graffiti Alliance dropped by a while back, and they mentioned that the Dopey Dazzler's been teaching you guys some artistic philosophy.
Traveler: You're well-acquainted with the Graffiti Alliance, then?
Mualani: We don't see an awful lot of one another, but we're still old friends!
Mualani: Everywhere in Natlan, no matter which tribe you go to, there's a huge demand for graffiti. Aside from the walls of buildings, people also regularly decorate items that they use...
Mualani: Especially the most important things of all, like swim rings, surfboards, beach volleyballs, parasailing gear... Okay, that's probably enough examples... Anyway, when it comes to watersports products, people put a lot of thought into how they look!
Mualani: Back in the day, when craftsmen made watersports equipment, they'd decorate them with colors and simple patterns based on what they themselves thought looked good.
Mualani: But then people began to realize that expert graffiti artists could design swim rings and surfboards with far more dynamic designs and striking colors...
Paimon: So you hired a certain someone from the Graffiti Alliance... to come up with a unique design for every single swim ring and surfboard in existence?
Mualani: Hahaha, that's a bit over the top... If someone actually tried spray painting every single one by hand, their hand would probably end up falling off!
Mualani: A certain quirky-minded graffiti expert did, for a time, insist on creating a unique design for every individual watersports product. But after a heroic attempt, they realized it was an impossible task.
Mualani: So instead, we suggested that the Graffiti Alliance come up with some standardized designs and create special stencils for mass production.
Mualani: This way, all you have to do is put on a pair of gloves, place the stencils on top of the items, spray on the paint step by step, leave them somewhere to dry, then apply a layer of wax, and... Tada! Job done!
Paimon: Th—That's a good point... The People of the Springs is such a huge tribe, who knows how long it would take even just to come up with all the different designs...
Traveler: About your surfboard, Mualani...
Mualani: Ah, well, my surfboard's one-of-a-kind. After all, it only looks the way it does 'cause I picked up some graffiti skills and painted it myself!
Mualani: As both a first-rate guide of the People of the Springs and the owner of a famous watersports shop, my business depends on my ability to stand out from the crowd! And people wouldn't be very impressed if my gear just looked the same as everyone else's, would they?
Mualani: Anyway, the main point is this — the only way you'll end up with a design that you're a hundred percent happy with... is if you create it yourself! That way, you can even use your lucky color!
Paimon: No wonder Paimon's starting to understand why she felt more motivated as soon as she saw you, Mualani.
Paimon: You're... just the type of person who'd figure even the hardest stuff out, as long as you like it!
Mualani: Honestly, it isn't difficult at all! Graffiti's like... beach volleyball. It's not like traditional painting, all rigid and formal. As long as you can capture roughly what you're aiming for, you'll do just fine.
Mualani: For you two, becoming top graffiti masters shouldn't take much time at all...
Mualani: It's a pity things have been a bit manic at the shop recently, so I've got a bit too much on my plate right now. Once I've gotten things back under control, I'll make some time to come do some graffiti with you!
Paimon: Ooh! Nice to have your vote of confidence, Mualani!
Paimon: #Let's keep working on it, Traveler! The sooner we can find some good materials and wrap our heads around Dopey Dazzler's avant-garde philosophy, the better!
Traveler: I'll trust you on this one too, Mualani!
Mualani: #Aha! Best of luck, Traveler, Paimon!
Mualani: Perhaps someday I'll need you guys to create designs for the watersports products in my shop! We'll give each other "friendly rates" when the time comes, alright?
Traveler: Priority one, graffiti. Priority two, beach volleyball.
Traveler: Which maestro made the Sharky Surfboard?
Traveler: So you know the Dopey Dazzler too?