# Talk Dialog

Charlotte: Lantern Rite was simply amazing! I'm not sure I'll be able to sleep tonight!
Traveler: About the "Mechanical Vertical Lifting Device"...
Charlotte: Oh, that? Yeah, interesting story.
Charlotte: It was invented by a guy from Fontaine. His name is Ildesson.
Charlotte: He's always tinkering away at some mechanism or another. He's even asked The Steambird to write about his inventions on more than one occasion.
Charlotte: I believe I have a direct quote from him about this particular one. Ah yes, here it is.
Charlotte: The device is powered entirely by mechanical components without the need for any additional energy source...
Charlotte: Basically, it's a manually operated cranking device. How high it can fly entirely depends on how much force you can exert...
Charlotte: Combining this invention with a kite... What a great idea, right!
Traveler: About the interview and working together with Gaming's father...
Charlotte: My conversation with Mr. Yip went really well. I've already sent the first draft of my article back to The Steambird.
Charlotte: It's a piece that contains all the pertinent information while also telling a story. I'm quite proud of it.
Charlotte: Oh, that reminds me, I should thank everyone who made this possible for me！Especially that spirited lady with those peculiar turns of phrase... Miss Xianyun was her name, right?
Charlotte: It was all thanks to your connections and creativity. I would have never thought I'd be able to bring such a special gift back to Fontaine with me.
Traveler: About Lantern Rite...
Charlotte: This was my first time experiencing a foreign holiday in person. It was... so exciting!
Charlotte: The festive atmosphere, the contagious holiday spirit, the profound, storied cultural traditions steeped in symbolism...
Charlotte: Ah, I almost forgot! Keqing even gave me a kite with a poem on it that she wrote herself!
Charlotte: It goes, "Dreams are like paper kites, with them do our hopes take flight, sailing high above the clouds, they yearn for something more profound, yet try we may and try we might, a deeper truth waits in plain sight, though we hang our hopes in skies abound, many joys lie on the ground."
Charlotte: I want to include this poem in my special feature on Lantern Rite. I'm sure a lot of people will love it!
Traveler: Until next time, Charlotte.
Charlotte: Yep! And Happy Lantern Rite to you!