# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Tell me about the Sword Cemetery...
Dr. Livingstone: You must be a traveler from afar? This Sword Cemetery is ancient. Presumably it was left by soldiers on an expedition against monsters some time back in history...
Dr. Livingstone: To stop the hilichurls desecrating the site, the heroes of the past set up three concentric seals to cover it. They can only be broken by defeating the three hilichurl tribes and activating the mechanism at each camp.
Traveler: Tell me about these hilichurl tribes.
Dr. Livingstone: There are three hilichurl tribes surrounding the Sword Cemetery. To the north, the Meaty tribe; to the south, the Sleeper tribe; and in the valley to the east, the Eclipse tribe.
Traveler: Meaty tribe?
Dr. Livingstone: That's the tribe to the north.
Dr. Livingstone: As the name suggests, the Meaty tribe likes eating meat. They go crazy for it.
Dr. Livingstone: That's why they are so muscular... and complete meatheads.
Dr. Livingstone: The unfortunate thing is that the mechanism is slap bang in the middle of the ring they use for fighting contests...
Dr. Livingstone: If you set foot in the ring, it's seen as a challenge, and a massive brawl ensues.
Traveler: Sleeper tribe?
Dr. Livingstone: They're the ones to the south.
Dr. Livingstone: They spend most of the day dozing, but don't be fooled — they are crafty sons of witches...
Dr. Livingstone: Don't let them catch you off guard. They are no fun at all to deal with!
Traveler: Eclipse tribe?
Dr. Livingstone: The Eclipse tribe is based in the valley to the east. Of the three hilichurl tribes, they are the most dangerous. They are also shaman worshipers — you should see the zany stuff they get up to every day!
Dr. Livingstone: The shaman there doesn't believe in The Seven, but somehow, he can still command the elements.
Dr. Livingstone: There's also an Abyss Mage who crops up there now and then... Honestly, if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I'd have sworn it was just a myth from some old book.
Traveler: Why are the mechanisms in hilichurl camps?
Dr. Livingstone: Now that is a good question... Hilichurls lack the intelligence to craft and operate mechanisms like this, so... Perhaps they are also relics left here by the heroes of old?
Dr. Livingstone: The mechanisms create the seals covering the Sword Cemetery, while the hilichurls serve as de facto guardians of the mechanisms.
Dr. Livingstone: This solution makes full use of human intelligence while also using hilichurl stupidity to its advantage... Maybe this is the wisdom of the ancients in action.
Traveler: Sounds dangerous.
Dr. Livingstone: Indeed it is. But to us adventurers, danger is just our bread and butter!
Dr. Livingstone: We adventurers live to conquer the stars and the abyss. Anyone who is put off their quest by a spot of bother is going to have a boring life!