# Talk Dialog

Paimon: An indoor hot spring? Paimon's gotta give that a try!
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Flustered Attendant): Hello! I'll be right with you— Aah!
Paimon: Oh, you okay?
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Flustered Attendant): *grimace* ...Sorry! I'm so clumsy sometimes... But don't worry about me! Putting customers in a bad mood is the last thing I want.
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Flustered Attendant): I promise I'll provide an excellent service! P—Please don't leave...
Paimon: Uhh...
Shiba Murasaki (Lazy Attendant): How many times do I have to tell you? You breaking a few plates isn't the reason we've been losing business. Stop apologizing for yourself all the time — all it does is make you look like an easy target.
Paimon: It's all good, we're not out to target anyone... You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Flustered Attendant): ...Nope, don't worry! As long as it didn't ruin your experience, that's all that matters! Now, um... looks like you'll be my first customers today, so, so... according to our standards of service, I need to, um, umm...
Paimon: Why is she so panicky...
Shiba Murasaki (Lazy Attendant): *sigh*...
Paimon: Actually, we're—
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Shion, let me see to these two. They're my guests.
Paimon: Aha, there she is! Baku lady is back!
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Shion): So Mizuki invited you here? As VIPs? ...Does this mean you're gonna save the Bathhouse!?
Paimon: Uhhh...
Shiba Murasaki (Lazy Attendant): She means, you must be very wealthy. Not everyone can afford our VIP service, after all.
Shiba Murasaki (Lazy Attendant): But a couple of customers with cash to splash doesn't solve anything in the long run. You should focus on what to do about our new competitor.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Aw, Murasaki, was that you showing some concern for our business? I'm touched.
Shiba Murasaki (Murasaki): Did not...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Since you're so eager to find solutions, you can work on our most pressing task — bringing our accounts up to date. With your smarts, I'm sure you'll fly through it.
Shiba Murasaki (Murasaki): ...Subtext being, you can't give it to Shion, because she's a moron and she'd screw it up?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Shion, I'll take things from here. What I'd like you to do is head to the kitchen and prepare some of your very best snacks for our VIPs.
Hyakujitsuhaku Shion (Shion): Will do! That's my specialty...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Sorry to keep you waiting. I have to keep our staff calm to ensure you have the best experience.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The panicky little girl is Hyakujitsuhaku Shion, and the lazy lady is Shiba Murasaki. They're both baku, just like me.
Paimon: Wait... so the older-looking one is actually younger? And the younger-looking one is older?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's right. How we choose to appear is just a matter of personal preference. It's more reflective of our personality than our age.
Traveler: Come on, Paimon. We've seen weirder stuff than this.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Anyway, enough about them — back to you two. Per the terms of the VIP pass, you're entitled to free use of all our services: so the spa, the fine dining, and psychological consultancy.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I would recommend starting with the psychological consultancy. Between me and you, one of the steps involves getting your bad dreams eaten.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Since I ate one of Traveler's good dreams by accident, this seemed like the best way to make amends.
Paimon: Ooh, we get to have our bad dreams eaten by a yumekui-baku? That sounds fun!
Traveler: But is this a wise decision, given the current state of the business?
Paimon: That's a good point. You've been having some difficulties recently, right? It wouldn't feel right to get all this free service while you're struggling... Is there anything we can do to help out?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...I take it you overheard Mr. Aikawa complaining about our current situation?
Paimon: Yeah...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I am sorry to cause you concern. Mr. Aikawa is a smart businessman, but he tends to worry too much about short-term profits and lose sight of the big picture.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Our financial situation is nowhere near as dire as you're imagining. And in any case, passing our business woes onto our customers is hardly the solution.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Please enjoy the services we have to offer. Once you've experienced our hospitality for yourselves, I'm quite sure your confidence in our future prospects will be restored.
Paimon: Can't argue with that! Let's get started!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course. The only thing is, psychological consultancy is a one-on-one service that takes quite a long time. But I can't just make one of you wait around while the other one is in therapy.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #So... Perhaps I can treat Traveler while Shion treats Paimon? Would that work?
Paimon: Fine by Paimon! But uh... is she up for it?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: She'll be fine. I noticed how gentle and encouraging you were towards her earlier. You're the perfect client for her.
Paimon: Oh, uh... hehe...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Secondly, Shion's therapeutic approach is a little different from mine... it often involves food. So she might be a better fit for you.
Paimon: Food therapy? Oh, that sounds perfect!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Alright then, Traveler, please follow me.
Traveler: Was all that just so you could be paired with me?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Don't get me wrong, Paimon is genuinely better suited to Shion. But in all honesty — yes, I had my own reasons for wanting to treat you myself.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Your psychology is so unique. I just had to investigate further to satisfy my own curiosity.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Please, come with me.
Traveler: Wow! I never would have guessed!