# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Gorou: Sure!
Gorou: How about I tell you some stories from my time in the resistance? I can think of a few you're not likely to hear from anybody else...
Traveler: I'd love to know more...
Gorou: Alright! The truth is, not every soldier that joins the resistance goes through formal training, so new soldiers make small mistakes from time to time.
Gorou: For example, one time during a mock expedition, one of the new soldiers didn't store his rations carefully enough. They went bad, and he ended up eating nothing but Radishes for two whole weeks.
Gorou: Another time during a scouting operation, a new soldier mistook animal trails for enemy trails. They ended up playing cat and mouse with a forest boar for three whole days...
Gorou: Thankfully, these were just small oversights, and never caused any serious consequences. On the contrary, we often have a good laugh about these things during our down time.
Gorou: But when I think about it, I'm sure we would avoid issues like these if we reformed some of our guidelines.
Gorou: We should be mixing veteran soldiers and newer soldiers together. This way, veteran soldiers can act as mentors and share their experience with the newer soldiers...
Gorou: Uh, my apologies, I began thinking out loud there!
Gorou: I can go over these reforms some other time! Right now, I'm chatting with you, so I should keep it light.
Traveler: I want to hear more about the Ever-Victorious General.
Gorou: ...You want to hear my story?
Gorou: Uhh...
Gorou: Soldiers love boasting about my military achievements to other people, but I always feel that talking about my own experience gives the impression I'm boasting.
Traveler: I want to hear it!
Gorou: Heh, you know I can't say no to you, don't you? ...Wait, that's why you asked, isn't it?
Gorou: Heh... Alright, I guess there's no way out of this one...
Gorou: Let me think... Okay, let me tell you the thrilling tale of my one-man scouting mission to the north of Nazuchi Beach.
Gorou: Here's what I remember from that day...
Traveler: I would never think you're boasting.