# Talk Dialog

Wrench Wang: And you are...?
Wrench Wang: I'm in charge of repairs here in the shipyard. Everyone calls me Wrench Wang.
Wrench Wang: That's not my real name, mind you. Although it sounds a bit foolish, if that's what everyone likes to call me, then so be it! Hahaha!
Wrench Wang: Tell me about making boat repairs.
Wrench Wang: Even if your vessel is on its way to the bottom, I can still fix it — just as long as you're not going down with it, hahaha!
Wrench Wang: Repairing ships is much more interesting than building them. What I'm working on isn't just the ship itself, it's also the memories of its crew.
Wrench Wang: Even if a ship is completely refitted from the hull to its rigging, it'll still feel like the same old ship that you've always known.
Wrench Wang: Just like the handkerchief Siyu gave me. Even though it's full of patches, I'd never trade it for a new one.
Wrench Wang: Who is Siyu?
Wrench Wang: Siyu's my childhood sweetheart. We were always stirring up trouble together, and the adults would always give us an earful, hahaha!
Wrench Wang: After we grew up, I joined the fleet for a few years before returning to the shipyards as the best repairman these docks have ever seen!
Wrench Wang: As for her, she fulfilled her dreams of becoming the bride of a real Prince Charming.
Wrench Wang: They say that time waits for nobody, and nothin' is more true for childhood sweethearts, hahahaha...
Wrench Wang: ...
Wrench Wang: ...Oh, look's like me eyes have sprung a leak. Apologies, must be that salty sea breeze, haha...
Wrench Wang: Agh, clearly she should have been mine... *cries*
Traveler: Tell me about the Shipyard.
Wrench Wang: This shipyard bears the brunt of all the boat repair and maintenance work in all of Liyue Harbor.
Wrench Wang: I'm a maintenance man myself. See that gloomy-looking guy with the hammer over there? That's Hammer Li, he works on the shipbuilding side.
Wrench Wang: I can't recommend trying to strike up a conversation with him. He can never find anything positive to say...
Wrench Wang: If you ask me, he should come with me to see one of Xinyan's performances!
Wrench Wang: That would get the blood pumping through his veins and inject a little passion into his heart, trust me! Hahaha!
Wrench Wang: Does everyone in the shipyard laugh as much as you?
Wrench Wang: Oh, I used to be just like Hammer Li the shipbuilder over there, always flying a stern look on his face.
Wrench Wang: But just like Siyu always said, nothing solves difficult problems like a good night's sleep. Every day has a new horizon, hahaha!
Wrench Wang: Siyu's smile and encouraging words always put wind in my sails. She made me feel like there was no storm I couldn't weather, hahaha!