# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Chasca: Sure! There was something I wanted to ask you, actually.
Traveler: Oh, really? What is it?
Chasca: That's Tubby over there, right? Do you know how she stays aloft like that?
Chasca: She looks so... well, for lack of a better word, tubby... Yet she somehow manages to keep floating there, without any kind of power source, as far as I can tell...
Chasca: If I can figure out how she pulls that off, maybe I can carry even more firepower into the sky.
Traveler: I'm guessing it's some kind of adeptal art from Liyue...
Chasca: "Adeptal art"? I've heard of those before, but it sounded so... incredible. It's a shame the adepti are said to be so elusive, at least if the stories are anything to go by.
Traveler: Why don't you ask Tubby herself?
Chasca: Well, I already tried asking her about it.
Chasca: ...But she seemed a bit on edge. She said my expression looked like an eagle stalking its prey...
Traveler: Or a Qucusaur, more like...
Chasca: You think so? Hmm... Qucusaurs are similar to birds of prey in many ways.
Traveler: Such as the look in their eyes?
Chasca: Yeah, actually. Qucusaurs have prominent brow ridges and forward-facing eyes, just like many birds of prey. This helps them protect their eyes during high-speed maneuvers and allows them to lock onto targets from high altitudes.
Chasca: At first glance, they do look pretty scary.
Traveler: No wonder Tubby was scared...
Chasca: *ahem* Well, I'd never treat Tubby as prey... Plus, I'm not actually a Qucusaur.
Chasca: I should find an opportunity to clear up this misunderstanding. Although, since I'm one of the parties involved, I probably can't be the peacemaker this time...
Traveler: Why don't you offer her some feather-care products?
Chasca: Hmm... That's a good idea. Qucusaurs spend a lot of time taking care of their feathers every day.
Chasca: I've developed a few feather-care sprays myself, actually. They keep feathers bright, repel insects, and eliminate odors... Maybe Tubby would find them helpful.
Traveler: How about some shiny accessories?
Chasca: Oh, you really seem to know your stuff. My "mom" and I love collecting little ornaments like that. I wonder if Tubby likes shiny things too.
Chasca: Hmm... judging by the look of the Realm Currency, I'm guessing the answer is yes.
Traveler: Such as their diets?
Chasca: Yeah. Qucusaurs are carnivores too, much like birds of prey. Their hooked beaks and razor-sharp talons aid them in hunting.
Chasca: In addition to all the usual small and medium-sized mammals and fish, they occasionally attack smaller birds too...