# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Listen in)
Tea Master Liu Su: If you will excuse my clumsy tongue and inelegant speech, I will again tell the tale of that legendary old name of Chihu Rock — the Wanmin Restaurant.
Tea Master Liu Su: What does the Wanmin Restaurant do, I hear you ask? Why, delicacies of all shapes, sizes and styles. Though of these, they are best known for their spicy dishes.
Tea Master Liu Su: They say that when that something truly spicy hits your nose, for three days shall it remain there. So it is here. One bite of that flaming brew, and a thousand flavors burst forth, so many that your tongue could not find names for them!
Tea Master Liu Su: Why, if Rex Lapis were to see the sight of that blazing concoction of exquisite spices, his mouth too would water, and his eyes too would sparkle.
Traveler: (Keep listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: ...And now you may ask, who is this most brilliant head chef of Wanmin Restaurant?
Tea Master Liu Su: His name is Mao, born and bred of culinary stock.
Tea Master Liu Su: The Li and Yue cuisines he keeps in his arsenal, the delights of the seven nations under his belt. Whatever you order, he will prepare expertly, and his knife-work is nothing short of divine.
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, Chef Mao has a daughter named Xiangling, who has surpassed him by far... At but her tender age she has traversed the nations in search of famed cooks and fine food...
Traveler: Huh...
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, on a certain day, Xiangling was catching lizards in the Dihua Marsh...
Tea Master Liu Su: And ah, I can hear the question already — are lizards fit for our consumption? You have much to learn, I say!
Tea Master Liu Su: For where Xiangling differs from many a great chef is in her ability to use ingredients unlooked-for and cooking methods unknown to create gourmet dishes that break the mold.
Tea Master Liu Su: But at that moment, there was a shuffling in the weeds behind Xiangling, drawing closer, and closer and closer...
Tea Master Liu Su: ...and before you knew it, ah, it was right behind her!
Traveler: Yikes!
Tea Master Liu Su: Even at this moment, Xiangling, absorbed as she was in gathering ingredients, knew nothing of these movements.
Tea Master Liu Su: What was it? Was it friend? Or was it foe?
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, do not fret, for all will be revealed in the next chapter!
Traveler: (Stop listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, on a certain day, Xiangling was catching lizards in the Dihua Marsh...