# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Kuki Shinobu: Actually, there's something I'd like your help with, and it has to be you.
Kuki Shinobu: I'm working on a "Migrant Housing Scheme"...
Kuki Shinobu: I know the different policies for migrant workers purchasing real estate in the different nations. But I don't know much about the local cultures...
Kuki Shinobu: What kind of things do people living in different areas need be aware of? What are the local gangs, who are the local powerplayers?
Kuki Shinobu: You've been to a lot of places. Could you give me some pointers?
Traveler: Hold on, are we...
Kuki Shinobu: What!? No! This has nothing to do with the Arataki Gang.
Kuki Shinobu: I'm just helping a client with their "Migration Prospectus," and I'm gonna take the opportunity to go traveling for a few days.
Kuki Shinobu: I'm working on something else for the other guys... the "Arataki Gang's Comprehensive Guide to Surviving and Thriving." It's progressing nicely...
Kuki Shinobu: You know what those numbskulls are like. They aren't mean-spirited, but they do cause no end of trouble.
Kuki Shinobu: I can't be around them all the time. In the long term, something's gotta change.
Traveler: You're not going to leave the gang, are you?
Kuki Shinobu: Of course not, at least not for now. As the de-facto manager, I still can't say I've turned the gang into something I'm proud of, and I am not gonna quit halfway.
Kuki Shinobu: Who knows what the future holds, though.
Kuki Shinobu: If it really gets to the point where we end up parting ways, well, sometimes that's just how life goes...
Kuki Shinobu: Everyone who's trying to make their life work deserves to be happy, regardless of what direction they've chosen.
Kuki Shinobu: Same goes for the Arataki Gang and I as for you and me. No matter where the future takes us, whether we stay together or part ways, we'll always have each other's support, won't we?
Traveler: I'll support you whatever you do!
Kuki Shinobu: If you say so, I'll hold you to it. Oral agreements are just as binding as written agreements, you know.
Kuki Shinobu: So... if I do end up leaving the Arataki Gang and come looking to you for protection, you can't say no, okay? Uh... Tubby can be my witness.
Kuki Shinobu: Hehe, but for better or worse, it's probably not gonna happen. I don't like to rely on anyone, it doesn't suit my personality.
Traveler: Are you planning the Arataki Gang's escape?