# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Lan Yan: Sure! Then, let's talk about... Ooh! How you're feeling right now!
Lan Yan: Yeah, that's it! Tell me what you're thinking in this exact moment!
Traveler: That's kind of sudden... I'm not sure what to say...
Lan Yan: That's exactly my point!
Lan Yan: I'm not sure if you've noticed, but it feels like you know me a lot better than I know you.
Lan Yan: Think about it — we've talked about my hobbies, my problems, all the embarrassing things I've done...
Lan Yan: But, when it comes to you, I know about your past achievements and your future goals, but that's it.
Lan Yan: Not that that's a bad thing, it's just... the past and future are only part of the story...
Lan Yan: And all too often in life, people end up neglecting the here and now.
Lan Yan: For instance, people talk about how you never stop. No matter how tough your journey gets, you just grit your teeth and keep going.
Lan Yan: Sure, it means you accomplish a huge amount each day. But it also means that you don't get to stop and rest, even when you feel tired...
Lan Yan: I guess what I'm getting at is... Is this what you really want in life? It feels like you're busier than a swallow trying to build a nest.
Traveler: Of course! It's really fulfilling.
Lan Yan: Huh. Wow, I didn't expect that answer!
Lan Yan: I thought you were going to break down and tell me how tired you are.
Lan Yan: Haha, I'm glad! That's all I could hope for! It means you're not short on energy, at least!
Lan Yan: I suppose there's no need for me to worry. Let me ask you this, then...
Lan Yan: Do you ever get to nap or sleep in? Oh, and can your hands do entirely different tasks at the same time?
Traveler: To be honest, I'm beat...
Lan Yan: Silver needs to be hammered time and again for it to shine, but humans don't work that way! If you're tired, just rest!
Lan Yan: Now, I want you to close your eyes. Tell me the first thing that comes to your mind, and we'll go do it!
Lan Yan: Well? Was it eating a delicious meal? Or doing some sight-seeing?
Lan Yan: What!? You thought about all the unfinished commissions in your Adventurer Handbook!?
Lan Yan: *sigh*... Well, if that's what it takes to get you to rest...
Lan Yan: Alright, I'll go with you. But, in two days, okay?
Lan Yan: I don't want to go right now, and I should respect how I feel in the moment, right? Now, all you need to do is follow my example.
Lan Yan: Actually, can I add an urgent commission to your handbook? "Spend the next two days relaxing with Lan Yan"... There. Even if you're not tired, I certainly am...