# Talk Dialog

Zhongli: "Where the clear blue water runs into the sky, and an ocean of silvergrass stretches out before the eye." That was written about Dihua Marsh.
Traveler: Are you enjoying the view?
Zhongli: From an altitude, the sight of reeds on the water, rustling gently in the breeze, is indeed a sight beautiful beyond compare.
Zhongli: Wangshu Inn is located in the heart of Dihua Marsh, and provides the finest in both food and scenery. It is no wonder that travelers are fond of staying here.
Zhongli: But Wangshu Inn is no mere guesthouse.
Zhongli: It was built tall to provide superior visibility for surveying the surrounding terrain. And it was built here, on this road, because it is one of the main routes for traffic into the region.
Zhongli: This is a strategic location that must be defended at all costs.
Traveler: No wonder Xiao is here so often.
Zhongli: Yes. That is one of the primary reasons that he frequents the inn.
Zhongli: Looking southeast from here, one can see all the way to Guyun Stone Forest.
Zhongli: With gods lying sealed beneath those rocks, the area is frequently afflicted with monster activity. Xiao often goes back and forth between here and Guyun.
Zhongli: Being constantly on the move must be tiring for him. My purpose in coming here was to give him a few words of comfort, but to my surprise, I did not find him on the roof...
Traveler: He must be busy with his duties.
Zhongli: Perhaps so. Nevertheless, this trip was by no means a waste. Besides, there shall be no shortage of opportunities to meet in the future.
Zhongli: On the subject of Wangshu Inn, the chef here is highly talented.
Zhongli: If I recall correctly, there was a cooking competition hosted in Liyue Harbor during the Moonchase Festival. This chef was selected to represent the Dihua Marsh region, entered the finals, and took second prize.
Zhongli: Culinary excellence should always be shared far and wide.
Zhongli: Hmm... Being up so high reminds me of another lofty location.
Zhongli: Yes... one that the adepti once took control of, long ago. It then fell into disuse. Whether anyone tends to it these days, I do not know...
Zhongli: Alright then. That is where I shall go tomorrow.