# Talk Dialog

Inoue: ...A—Almighty Shogun! Glory to your everlasting reign... I—I mean... Welcome, welcome!
Ei: This stall looks familiar. Yet, it would seem the ownership has changed hands...?
Inoue: Ah... You must be thinking of Tomoki. H—He... wasn't feeling well today, so I'm filling in... haha...
Ei: I see... Yet, you remind me of someone — a Doushin from the Tenryou Commission...
Inoue: Oh, uh...
Paimon: What are you looking at, Ei?
Ei: Hm, the food offerings. Although, this vendor seems...
Traveler: (The "vendor" is giving me a pleading look... Judging by his cooking skill, it almost seems like his first day on the job...)
Traveler: Ei... He's "working."
Ei: Working...? Ah.
Ei: ...I see. I appreciate your dedication, sir.
Inoue: O—Of course! It's an honor to serve such esteemed guests!
Ei: No need for formalities... I'll take three orders of Dango Milk.
Inoue: ...Right away!
Paimon: Three orders? So, Paimon gets one, too?
Ei: Yes, I wanted to thank you for accompanying me. Without you by my side, I imagine the people here would be on edge even now.
Ei: I have my reasons for being here, of course, but I would hate to tarnish the festive atmosphere.
Traveler: This festival is for everyone.
Ei: Heh, indeed. The Mikawa Flower Festival... Hundreds of years have passed since I last partook in the festivities. Much is different this time — the people, the place, the games...
Ei: Yet, the name endures, and the joy of celebration along with it... I suppose that, in itself, is a form of Eternity.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler, Paimon... and the Almighty Shogun?
Paimon: Oh, Mizuki! Looks like you got some much-needed rest!
Ei: Yumemizuki Mizuki... Thank you for your aid earlier.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course, I'm always willing to help. It's my duty... I wish I could have dispelled the nightmares, but this situation is uncharted territory for me.
Ei: Even so, relieving the pain of the nightmares is no small feat. You honor the legacy of the Yumekui-Baku.
Paimon: So, not even Mizuki could fix it... What's going on with this nightmare creature...?
Ei: ...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Let's save the difficult questions for later. Actually, I came here to ask you something.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Wanna come to Aisa Bathhouse with me? Most of the contestants will be there... Oh, and don't worry about payment — it's my treat!
Paimon: Really? Yes! Yes! Let's go!
Traveler: You want us to go to the hot springs... now?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, game development isn't easy. Most of the contestants are exhausted and could use a break.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You've been under a lot of pressure yourselves, with the investigation and all. So, I thought you might like to join.
Paimon: #Of course we would! Right, Traveler?
Ei: ...I will remain here. I rarely have time away from Tenshukaku, and I would like to continue perusing the stalls.
Paimon: Aw... That's too bad...
Traveler: Then, I'm not going, either...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Ah, I almost forgot! Miko wanted to talk to you, Traveler. I'll take you to her first.
Ei: Oh? Well why don't we all go—
Inoue: Almighty Shogun! Your Dango Milk is ready...
Paimon: Oooh... Delicious!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: No need, Shogun! Miko just had some quick things to go over with the judges, that's all — you and Paimon can wait here. We'll only be a minute!
Traveler: Be right back.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Alright, now we can talk freely.
Traveler: Miko doesn't need to see me, does she...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I think something's off with the Shogun. You've been with her the whole day. Have you noticed anything?
Traveler: S—Something off? No...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Up close, sometimes it's hard to see the whole picture... I think something is troubling her.
Traveler: (Something did seem off with Ei today... Maybe she's not used to leaving Tenshukaku? Or was it the reaction of the crowd...?)
Traveler: (No, we've been through so much. Something so trivial wouldn't shake her... She must be keeping something to herself...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I've witnessed a lot of cases where patients, for a variety of reasons, are unwilling or unable to seek help. Unfortunately, that only exacerbates the problem...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Until their emotions become so heavy, even the strongest of people collapse under the weight... I see those warning signs in the Shogun.
Traveler: So, even the archons aren't immune to emotional strain?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Humans, youkai, and archons bear the same capacity for emotion and are, naturally, susceptible to the same mental turmoil.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's very possible that someone who appears strong on the outside has learned to compartmentalize their negative emotions... And that is far from healthy.
Traveler: ...I understand.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Anyway, the quickest route to curing the mind is through the heart! That's where you come in, Traveler!
Traveler: As a clinical psychologist, isn't that where YOU come in?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Approaching someone in a professional capacity often makes them more guarded. But, don't worry! You'll still have my help!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Here, with these two special coupons, you can get into Aisa Bathhouse after closing. Then, this is what you're gonna do...
Paimon: Finally! You're back! Paimon's had two servings of Dango Milk already!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Sorry for the wait... It sounds like Traveler has other plans, Paimon. So, we'll have to head to the bathhouse on our own.
Paimon: Huh? You're not coming...?
Traveler: I'll explain later... Just have fun!
Paimon: Okay... Paimon will bring you back a Hot Spring Egg!
Ei: ...There is no need to stay behind on my behalf. If you leave now, I'm sure you can catch up.
Traveler: Something tells me YOU chose to stay behind on OUR behalf...
Ei: ...What makes you say that?
Traveler: You want everyone to relax.
Ei: ...If my presence makes them nervous or impedes their ability to relax, does that not defeat the purpose of going to the hot springs?
Ei: I already disturbed their progress by coming to the festival. The last thing everyone needs is more distractions.
Traveler: ...But, aren't you under pressure, too?
Ei: As you know, this body is hardly that fragile. It can operate for another hundred years with no issue.
Traveler: ...You didn't deny it.
Ei: ...Hah. Mortals are weak in body and mind. If there is a choice of who to bear such a burden, naturally that person should be me.
Traveler: What if you didn't have to worry about bothering anyone...
Ei: What does it matter? The world is not so easily bent to one's will...
Traveler: I'll take that as a yes.
Traveler: I have a pair of special coupons here...
Ei: #Heh, what clever verbal tricks, Traveler... It appears you've been spending too much time with Miko.
Traveler: It's an honest offer...
Ei: You think you can get away with manipulating the Shogun? I wouldn't be so sure...
Traveler: ...C'mon, let's go!
Ei: *sigh* Persistent indeed... Very well. As you proposed, we shall set out at midnight.
Traveler: You'll go, won't you?
Traveler: We can get into the bathhouse after closing.
Traveler: Would you agree to go to the hot springs then?
Traveler: You don't want people to be on edge because of you.
Traveler: Yeah, she seems troubled...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Exactly! You noticed, too...
Traveler: You needed to talk to me in private. Why?
Traveler: Okay, I'll go...
Traveler: Including you.