# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Xianyun: Oh? Most appealing. One does have a formidable aptitude for conversation.
Xianyun: However, one is currently preoccupied with a technical conundrum of great importance... We may need to postpone any idle colloquy for later.
Traveler: What sort of technical conundrum is this?
Xianyun: One once developed a supreme housekeeping machine to perform domestic chores such as sweeping and tidying.
Xianyun: To enhance its functionality, one added a sound response module so that it could be operated with voice commands.
Xianyun: However, the module is flawed. For instance, if one is too far away from the machine, it cannot detect the audio signal, and thus cannot be remotely operated...
Xianyun: ...Do you have any suggestions on how to resolve this problem?
Traveler: Just yell a little louder?
Xianyun: Hmm... A viable solution, technically speaking, although a little inelegant.
Xianyun: However... yes... Your suggestion has pointed one towards yet another solution. One simply needs to fashion... a sound amplification machine.
Xianyun: With just a little adeptal energy, such a device could amplify sounds from hundreds of miles away, then pass the relevant commands to other audio-activated mechanisms... One shall have full command over one's contraptions without the need to move a muscle. Glorious!
Traveler: Adeptal energy makes everything so much easier...
Xianyun: ...Very well, we may consider this conundrum resolved. Now, back to our conversation.
Xianyun: When you said that you wanted to have a "chat," did you mean that you would like for one to tell you a story?
Traveler: Yup! I'll make us some tea.
Xianyun: Oh, you are a good child. Yes, with some fine tea to soothe the throat, one shall be able to talk far more fluidly.
Xianyun: Nevertheless... Ahem, one ought to refrain from sharing certain stories with you until having sought permission from some old friends.
Xianyun: The girls whom you already know quite well, for instance... *sigh* To utter but a word about their childhoods is to hazard their faces scrunching up as if they had bitten into a sour lemon...
Xianyun: Truly, one is most at ease when speaking with you. Still... you have spoken little of the things you and Paimon have experience in the past.
Traveler: Uhh, I just remembered that I've got something to do...
Xianyun: Hmph... The ruse is quite unnecessary. If there are things you do not wish to speak of, so be it — one shall enquire no further.
Xianyun: Go. We may pick up this conversation again when you feel more comfortable telling your story. Whatever you share, one vows to never tell a soul.
Traveler: Wait here a sec, I'll go get that tea!
Traveler: Yup! I'm sure you have some cool stories.
Xianyun: No, not "some"... All of one's stories should qualify as "cool."
Traveler: Is there any problem that mechanics can't solve?