# Talk Dialog

Paimon: This should be the place...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: *crying*... *sigh*...
Paimon: What? Why's Mizuki crying? Unless... Oh, maybe we got pulled into one of her bizarre dreams again?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler? Paimon? What are you doing here?
Paimon: Well firstly, we were hoping to get our next appointment booked in...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Ah, I see. I was planning on making it back before you finished in the hot springs, but I ended up spending longer here than I intended.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Don't worry, this isn't a dream. I was just... feeling a little sad.
Paimon: Aw, what's up? Indigestion getting you down again?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: No, my digestion was fine this time. What you saw just now was the aftermath of the digestion process.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Like I said, bad dreams are basically bundles of all kinds of negative emotions. When I digest them, I feel them all for myself.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So when I'm processing these emotions, I tend to get quite... well, emotional.
Paimon: Does that happen to all yumekui-baku?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh, don't worry about the others. To feel these emotions, you first have to understand them.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Most baku have a very poor understanding of humanity, so to them, a human bad dream just tastes like a slice of bland white bread. They can basically wolf it down and barely notice the flavor.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm the odd one out in that sense. When I was studying abroad, I made a serious effort to learn as much about human psychology as possible.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Now, I understand human emotions much better. I can empathize with them, and I can now discern many complex emotions when I turn my attention to digesting bad dreams.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But still, that's no reason for you to be concerned about me. I wouldn't be much of a psychologist if I didn't have the mental fortitude to handle this stuff.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Letting your emotions out is one of the most effective ways to process them. Now that I've done that, my mental state is back to normal.
Paimon: Paimon thought maybe seeing those customers had upset you somehow.
Paimon: It even makes Paimon mad! You work so hard for them, and then they turn around and accuse the bathhouse of being a money-making scam.
Paimon: Yes, they were led astray by some swindler... but it's not like they took much persuading.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I can't blame them. The idea that you can forget all of your troubles and never have a bad dream again is a very alluring one. Who wouldn't want to believe that?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler, if I really could make you forget all of your troubles for good, would you want me to try?
Traveler: ...
Black Screen Text: As you imagine forgetting your pain and longing, the joy of reunion that you are looking forward to one day disappears along with it.
Black Screen Text: As you imagine letting go of your hopelessness, you also feel your fighting spirit slip through your fingers.
Black Screen Text: As you imagine being free from your painful regrets, the formative experiences of your journey lose their roots.
Traveler: But... if I forget all of that...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...You really are different from other people.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Discovering what troubles people is easy for me — even in your case. But although I see your troubles clearly, I still don't completely understand you.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: *sigh*... Thanks for checking in on me. As a psychologist, I know how to take care of myself, but you showing that you care is still appreciated.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Anyway, it's much too late to book another appointment now... You should head home, get some sleep, have a wonderful dream, and come see me again tomorrow.
Paimon: Alright. Goodnight!
Traveler: Goodnight.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Bye for now. If you still want to book another appointment tomorrow, make sure to come see me early.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler, if I really could make you forget all of your troubles for good, would you want me to try?
Traveler: Would I even still be me?