# Talk Dialog

Souka: Where could Lady Yae be...? Could it be that the routes I've chosen are too boring?
Traveler: Can't find Miko?
Souka: Yeah! Miss Aratani has no idea either... Do you guys know where Lady Yae went?
Paimon: What's going on? We heard that you guys left with someone that looked like a mercenary. Did you guys split up?
Souka: Mercenary? Oh, you mean the guide from the Corps of Thirty? We were just asking for directions to some famous local restaurant.
Souka: The mercenary left after we arrived at the restaurant. Lady Yae was interested in the spices they used in the dishes and wanted to bring some back as souvenirs. So she went to look for a spice shop afterward...
Souka: But she's been gone for a whole three hours now!
Traveler: It's only been three hours...
Paimon: Ahh, you scared Paimon there... You made it sound as if Miko's been missing for a really long time!
Paimon: Maybe she saw something interesting and stuck around to take a closer look. There's no need to panic!
Souka: But we only have so much time on this trip to Sumeru, and I want to spend as much time with Lady Yae as possible! I want to learn as much as I can from her...
Souka: Sometimes, a simple comment of hers can be extremely insightful to an inexperienced writer like me. This is a rare opportunity!
Souka: Just now, for instance, I felt a kind of... hostile vibe from the mercenary that showed us the way. He kept looking at us as if he was planning on robbing us!
Paimon: There's no need to be scared, it's not like you did anything wrong! That mercenary was probably just on patrol. It would make sense to take notice of everyone around you when you're patrolling.
Souka: I'm not scared! But it seems like Lady Yae already noticed that he was watching us and said quietly to me, "If you suspect that someone's watching you, this is something you can do to turn the tables..."
Souka: Lady Yae then called out to the mercenary and asked him to be our guide! The mercenary looked dumbfounded but quickly agreed to her request.
Souka: The mercenary was nowhere to be seen again after taking us to the restaurant. I think it might've been because Lady Yae messed up his plans, and he was scared of making any bold moves.
Paimon: Wow... you can do that?
Souka: Isn't Lady Yae so cool!? I'm gonna add this to my novel——
Souka: Actively engaging with someone you suspect of following you... Disrupt their plans and force an unexpected change in their scheme to buy yourself more time...
Souka: But where does the story go from there? What if they return? Lady Yae said that she was going to buy some spices, but what if she secretly went to track the mercenary instead?
Souka: I think I've got it! This is the classic, take your opponent by surprise and checkmate them before they can react! Bring the fight to them while they're rallying and making adjustments!
Souka: Hmm? That means I have nothing to worry about!
Souka: As expected of Lady Yae. I'm getting so excited just thinking about it!
Traveler: Calm down...
Paimon: Yeah, but now Paimon is also curious about who that mercenary is.
Paimon: Let's ask Miko when we get a chance.
Traveler: The mercenaries of the Corps of Thirty are good people...
Traveler: We'll go look for her as well...
Souka: That would be great! If you find Lady Yae, please remind... I mean... suggest that she quickly return and meet up with us! I still have many things I'd like to ask her about!