# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Mavuika: Oh, sure. I took some time to walk around this place and came up with a few suggestions. Maybe you'll get some inspiration...
Mavuika: Ah, from the look on your face, you were hoping for a more... casual conversation. Haha, that's very valid. My apologies — I can never seem to stop working.
Traveler: You remind me of some of my other friends...
Mavuika: Let me guess — they also have high standards for themselves and their surroundings.
Mavuika: Of course, not everyone's like that, and I respect other people's choices. So, I try to operate without imposing my habits on anyone else.
Mavuika: We're all human, which means we're often at the mercy of our emotions. When we get tired or annoyed, we lose focus, and it's hard to be efficient.
Mavuika: No matter how urgent or important, in that situation, it's better to put the work aside and get some rest.
Traveler: True... But there are also times when you just want to power through.
Mavuika: You're not wrong. I used to think some people were just built that way — so conscientious by nature that they just can't tear themselves away from their work.
Mavuika: But eventually, I realized it's not a character trait at all, but a reaction that stems from prolonged periods of anxiety and stress.
Mavuika: There are many possible factors — lack of recognition, family issues, disrupted sleep, lack of exercise...
Mavuika: I try to ensure that we have enough manpower at our disposal so everyone can afford to take breaks. The shamans from the Masters of the Night-Wind can also help relieve stress.
Mavuika: Thankfully, I'm quite the workaholic, so even if a lot of people go on break at once, it's all the same to me, haha.
Traveler: What if people would take advantage of that to be lazy?
Mavuika: Well, that depends on the context. I don't view it as some kind of inherent evil. It's a choice.
Mavuika: All I need to know is whether someone is driven by the same vision... Of course, actions speak louder than words in that regard.
Mavuika: I can talk with them, offer suggestions, and guide their next steps. There will always be things I don't understand, but as the Pyro Archon, I can still help people find the right path forward.
Mavuika: But, first and foremost, they have to be willing. And, that is not a decision I can make for them.
Traveler: It seems like you really respect everyone.
Mavuika: Hehe, I wouldn't go that far. I just don't want everyone to turn into a workaholic like me. After all, that lifestyle's not for everyone.
Mavuika: Plus, it leads to a more relaxed atmosphere, which is better for everyone, don't you think?
Traveler: That feels a bit... over-idealized to me?
Mavuika: Well, we're talking about principles. In a vacuum, I'm sure it sounds vague and impractical. But in practice, there are a variety of factors I consider.
Mavuika: Still, I won't refute your assessment. I consider myself an idealist, after all.
Mavuika: In my experience, surrounding yourself with people who share a common ideal... can be a very powerful thing.