# Talk Dialog

Clitopho: Thanks for saving me! I was beginning to think that I might become dog food at this rate...
Traveler: You lot keep dogs?
Clitopho: Hey now, that's not a good joke.
Traveler: And how did you end up in this sorry state?
Clitopho: Me? I was helping Erge out... But I screwed up and got chucked into this cage.
Traveler: And who's this Erge?
Clitopho: Him? He's from Mingyun Village. Used to work over there. After they ran the ore veins dry, he came to The Chasm. Did pretty well too. Made foreman, I believe.
Clitopho: Then... you know the story. The Chasm went "woosh," and the miners went "whoa," and the Ministry of Civil Affairs did a "Hmm? Hmm? Hmm?"
Clitopho: And the Qixing bigwigs did a "ahem-ahem!" and the Millelith came and went "hmph-hmph-hmph!"
Paimon: What the heck is this guy saying?
Traveler: Try speaking the common tongue, please.
Clitopho: Well, in the end, the mine was closed and the miners went out of work. And when miners get put out of a job, what do you think they'll do they do to make ends meet, hmm?
Clitopho: Well, what I'm saying is Erge was an experienced miner who barely ever saw the light of day in his life, and who had just made foreman at 40... and then suddenly, it was all gone!
Clitopho: So, what would he do, and where?
Paimon: Uh, join... the Treasure Hoarders?
Clitopho: Exactly! See, now you're thinking like a Hoarder!
Clitopho: But lemme give you some sage advice: it might be best not to do anything illegal. The Treasure Hoarders aren't good people, no, not at all. And there's no going back once you've gone too far into a life of crime...
Paimon: Uh-huh, that's right... Paimon won't ever become a Treasure Hoarder...
Paimon: —Which is pretty rich, coming from you!
Clitopho: Hahahaha! I mean... Well, let's not joke about this anymore. In any case, what I meant to say was that people don't necessarily join the Treasure Hoarders because of some inherent evil in their hearts.
Clitopho: But for Erge, the compensation from the Ministry of Civil Affairs should have been enough to let him start over in an honest profession, and yet he chose this path.
Clitopho: I guess to each his own, huh? Maybe some people just can't take the pain in the short term, and choose a perilous road of bringing others pain instead. Perhaps this is what we'd call "the other side of freedom" back in Mondstadt.
Traveler: So, tell me about, well, you.
Clitopho: Me? Just me? I'm no one important.
Clitopho: I'm from Mondstadt, and I haven't been a Hoarder long, nor have I been in Liyue long. I just came with a few senior members to get some ore.
Clitopho: I was following Erge around, doing some errands, helping them sneak around a bit, contacting our comrades down in the mines... and then, you know, I got caught by you while doing those things.
Paimon: That's not correct. You were in this cage well before we caught you doing anything.
Clitopho: *sigh* Well, I mucked up on one of my tasks, which caused our lads to get ambushed by someone...
Traveler: Now that was us.
Paimon: Ehe...
Clitopho: So that was really... I knew it was you!
Paimon: Oh, it was nothing...
Paimon: And anyway, we didn't know how you'd get involved in the whole thing, either.
Clitopho: Ugh... Anyway, I was sent by Erge to keep watch on our Weasel Thieves after that... And I made another mistake in allowing them to run amok. They stole all our stuff...
Paimon: Pfft... Hahaha!
Clitopho: Yes, yes, keep laughing. Just make sure your stomach stays in one piece while you're at it... Ugh, that was embarrassing.
Clitopho: Still after that, Erge sent me down to find some secret passage. I did find it... and then the earthquake happened! Nearly buried us all alive, too!
Traveler: You know what? I think... that might have been us, too.
Paimon: Ooh, that's right! That must've happened when we destroyed... uh, unsealed the Bedrock Keys. It was a pretty big earthquake, too!
Clitopho: And if Erge was mad at me before, now he was absolutely hopping mad!
Clitopho: "You worthless piece of trash! I'll bet the Millelith sent you here to sabotage us, didn't they?"
Clitopho: "And you did wreck us, didn't you? Let our Weasel Thieves run off, did you? Boys, put him in the Weasel Thief cage! We'll settle scores with him once we're done with this transaction!"
Clitopho: ...That's what he said.
Clitopho: And then he locked me in this cage. Might have forgotten to mention that.
Paimon: Ahahahaha! Paimon almost feels bad for Erge!
Clitopho: Well, yes, he did get slapped around by the two of you. Twice.
Clitopho: Not... not that I'm feeling sorry for him, of course! I'm just glad that you came to my rescue. I'd be dead meat otherwise.
Traveler: Ah, what a shame that we don't keep dogs either.