# Talk Dialog

Black Screen Text: You quietly follow the man out of the festival grounds...
Paimon: He's constantly looking back... Paimon's calling it now! Something fishy is going on!
Traveler: Don't jump to conclusions. Let's keep watching.
Paimon: Good point! He could be on his way to meet someone! Let the hunter become the hunted!
Tenryou Commission Member (???): ...Reporting back, Ma'am. Nothing suspicious to note at the Bunshin Phantasm booth. It's possible there's no connection to the incident from last night.
Kujou Sara (???): I see... Did you find any other clues?
Paimon: Sara!?
Shikanoin Heizou: Ah, good morning, you two.
Paimon: Heizou!? What's going on here?
Shikanoin Heizou: I was wondering who was daring enough to sneak up on one of our detectives. Maybe I should have expected it to be you.
Traveler: I guess that makes us "the hunted."
Kujou Sara: #Traveler, Paimon...
Tenryou Commission Member: F—Forgive me, ma'am! I have failed as a detective... I... I did not realize someone was on my tail...
Kujou Sara: #...Considering Traveler's skill, the fault is not with you.
Paimon: Uh... So, what's going on? What are you investigating? It must be serious if Heizou's involved...
Shikanoin Heizou: Well, about that... hehe...
Kujou Sara: ...Unfortunately... My orders prevent me from sharing that information with you.
Paimon: Huh? What orders? You really can't tell us anything?
Traveler: (If Sara and Heizou are so hesitant to divulge information... There's only one person who could be responsible.)
Traveler: Those orders come from the Shogun, don't they...
Kujou Sara: ...!
Ei (???): #An astute observation, Traveler... Tell him the truth.
Kujou Sara: Sh—Shogun...!
Paimon: What!? The Shogun is here?
Traveler: No... I believe this is Ei.
Ei: ...You recognized me with a single glance?
Kujou Sara: Shogun, we still haven't completed the investigation...
Ei: #It matters not. I am certain the person standing before us is our friend, Traveler.
Ei: #His gaze, his presence, his mastery of several types of Elemental Energy... There is no mistake. And, we need his help.
Kujou Sara: ...Understood. An investigation team was sent to survey a piece of land. Yesterday, the Tenryou Commission received a report that the team was found unconscious in the field.
Kujou Sara: ...Not only that, but the group appeared to have become trapped in an endless nightmare, unable to wake up.
Kaga (Investigator Trapped in a Nightmare): N—No, please!
Kiritani (Investigator Trapped in a Nightmare): Stay away!
Kujou Sara: We detected intermittent traces of youkai power where they were found. We followed the traces and ended up here, just outside the festival grounds.
Paimon: Wh—What!?
Traveler: Should we call off the festival?
Kujou Sara: Unfortunately, it's not that simple. You've heard the rumors about the doppelgangers, yes?
Kujou Sara: We suspect the culprit has the ability to change form, allowing them to spread misinformation at will. They may have already infiltrated the festival grounds.
Shikanoin Heizou: If we call off the festival, we may give them a chance to escape amid the chaos...
Shikanoin Heizou: Even the slightest movement could alert them. Locking down the festival grounds could provoke them to attack, which would endanger the public.
Paimon: You're right... That's a big risk...
Ei: The purpose of festival is to bring humans and youkai together. We cannot allow the culprit to endanger anyone.
Traveler: But, what if they attack again?
Shikanoin Heizou: A very valid concern. Last night, we dispatched a group of soldiers to the festival grounds. They'll remain undercover to keep an eye on things.
Shikanoin Heizou: We also blocked off several nearby roads under the pretext of construction, so we can keep civilians away as much as possible.
Kujou Sara: ...Even the Almighty Shogun has taken it upon herself to patrol the area all night.
Ei: Fortunately, no one else has been harmed.
Traveler: ...Thank you.
Paimon: Ah! So the thunder we heard was you!
Kujou Sara: ...I apologize for our failings, Shogun. You should not have had to intervene.
Ei: On the contrary, it was my decision. I was unable to capture the culprit last night, so I left to discuss a plan with Miko. I did not show myself once I saw you were safe, and for that, I apologize.
Paimon: Ah, speaking of Miko... Where is she?
Ei: ...She is investigating the trace of youkai power found at the scene. Though it fades in and out, it never strays from Mt. Yougou.
Shikanoin Heizou: Which means... if the culprit infiltrated the festival grounds, they must still be nearby.
Shikanoin Heizou: The only people close to the grounds last night were the staff and the contestants staying at the shrine.
Ei: Miko is working with the Kamisato siblings to verify the identities of the staff members. They should be done soon.
Ei: As for the contestants... That inquiry must be performed by someone else.
Traveler: ...Is that why you need my help?
Ei: ...The Tenryou Commission is too conspicuous. But as the judge of the competition, you can ask questions without arousing suspicion.
Paimon: Okay, so you need us to talk to the teams and see if there's an imposter among us...
Ei: #Precisely. Traveler, I understand these people are your friends, and it puts you in a difficult position...
Ei: But, if one of them has indeed been displaced by a youkai, they could be in grave danger...
Traveler: ...I understand. I'll do my best.
Ei: Thank you. I truly hope the situation is not as grave as it seems.
Paimon: What are you guys gonna do next? Continue to investigate from a distance?
Shikanoin Heizou: Well, there's only so much we can learn that way, so I think we need to find a way to slip onto the grounds. It's better for us to be at the scene if something goes wrong.
Kujou Sara: I fear the Shogun is far too revered a figure for that. If she arrives at the grounds, it will certainly cause a stir.
Ei: Worry not. Miko and I discussed that issue. She claims to have a plan. The preparations are underway as we speak.
Paimon: One of her genius plans, huh...
Traveler: Somehow, "scheme" seems more accurate...
Ei: ...Indeed. If you learn any details of said plan, I would like to know what I'm getting myself into.
Traveler: So, the Tenryou Commission's on the case.