# Talk Dialog

Traveler: How do you like it here?
Furina: I like it a lot. The view here is amazing wherever you look, and the weather is quite pleasant. One would be hard-pressed to find a better location for a vacation.
Furina: I had no idea that you'd purchased such an enormous plot of land... And it's amazing what you've done with the place. You must have put a lot of time and thought into it.
Traveler: Well, I didn't "purchase" it, exactly...
Furina: Oh, I remember now... Some kind of mystic art from Liyue, was it? However did they do it?
Furina: I'd really love to take this teapot apart and learn more about it. Although, I'm not too confident that I'd be able to put it back together correctly afterwards... On second thought, forget I said anything.
Furina: This place is truly fascinating. It seems to be brimming with infinite possibilities... The only downside is how quiet and secluded it is. Don't you ever get lonely, living here by yourself?
Furina: There must be a way you could liven things up a little here. Hmm... Ah, yes — how about hosting a ball here? I'm sure Fontaine's social elite would jump at the chance to fraternize with you. They'd flock here in droves, and everyone would be singing and dancing to their hearts' content.
Traveler: I see this place more as a private home.
Furina: Oh, uh... I—I see. Then... in that case, let's organize a smaller-scale private dance!
Furina: You don't need to invite throngs of people, or put up fancy decorations. We can simply let the world be our stage, and dance whenever and wherever the mood takes us.
Furina: ...Well come on, don't just stand there! Take some initiative!
Traveler: May I invite you to dance?
Furina: 'Twould be my pleasure. ...Um... You do know how to dance, don't you...?
Traveler: Oh, that...
Furina: Alright, just take my hand. Now, relax your arms a little, and stand with your feet a shoulder-width apart.
Furina: Once we start, just follow my lead and you'll be fine. Don't worry — I'm the brightest star in all of Fontaine. You're in good hands.
Traveler: ...Kind of?
Traveler: I prefer to only bring my closest companions here.