# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Emilie: The way you've designed this courtyard is quite ingenious. You could grow all kinds of plants.
Emilie: I'd like to try cultivating some plant specimens — with your permission, of course.
Traveler: Will they be fragrant?
Emilie: Some of them will.
Emilie: But plants that don't give off a strong fragrance are equally important.
Emilie: Some plants don't have a distinct scent of their own, but can neutralize or modify other aromas. So they're often used to fine-tune a fragrance and control the intensity.
Traveler: Sounds almost like an experiment...
Emilie: Well, perfume-making is an experiment, and each ingredient is a different variable.
Emilie: Hence why finding a suitable place to grow those ingredients is so important.
Emilie: The same ingredient will exhibit different properties in different environments. That's true for minerals and animal secretions, as well as plants.
Emilie: It looks like you have the capacity to adjust certain environmental parameters in this marvelous little courtyard of yours. Which means, all different kinds of flora and fauna can grow in an environment suited to them.
Emilie: It's like you have a courtyard-sized petri dish at your disposal. I can think of some other experiments you could run here, too... But those are forensics-related. They have to do with identification and cleaning.
Emilie: And private residences aren't really the best places to run those sorts of experiments. I don't want to ruin the lovely environment you have going here.
Traveler: Sounds kinda cool, though...
Emilie: Haha, then you're welcome to visit my laboratory any time.
Emilie: I heard you're an experienced alchemist, amongst other things? Perhaps we can trade expertise.
Traveler: Great! You're welcome here any time, as well.
Emilie: Thank you! I'll certainly take you up on that invitation.
Emilie: This place is like an amalgamation of all your travels and everything you've experienced in life...
Emilie: Perhaps, one day, a perfume will be made that perfectly encapsulates the unique character of this place.