# Talk Dialog

Phonia: Greetings, Honorary Knight. The game board has been reset. You may begin your simulations at any time.
Traveler: How's the wargaming gone?
Phonia: Rather well. Thanks to you, we've already come up with standard combat procedures for most common monsters.
Phonia: If you're interested, you'll be able to find these procedures in our library once we're done putting them together.
Phonia: But with your immense strength, I doubt you would need these strategies, designed as they are for ordinary knights. Perhaps you might even "critique," rather than "check," them.
Phonia: In any case, until our analytic assignment ends, feel free to perform simulations as you please, as many times as you please.
Traveler: About the weakness you mentioned before...
Phonia: Hmm. You speak of the contradiction between the "range advantage granted by alchemical recon gear" and "the significant reduction in current weapon effectiveness at long ranges."
Phonia: I discussed this issue with our Outrider after the previous joint Wargames. Our final conclusion was that our most efficient way forward is to improve the weapons themselves.
Phonia: Longer range, faster rates of fire, greater payload strength. As to how we can achieve that, I'm not so sure — that's Ematol's area of expertise.
Phonia: Sure, she's dumb and noisy, her head has nothing in it besides explosives, she often falls behind on rent, and she can't even cook, but when it comes to weapons development, she knows her duty as a "cog."
Phonia: So I choose to trust her judgment. No matter what she gets up to, I will... provide support, within reason.
Phonia: That said, I must confess that this idea of "digging a cone-shaped cavity inside bombs to increase their explosive power" sounds like a load of hogwash...
Traveler: Well, I'll leave you to it then. See you.
Phonia: Don't worry, you weren't disturbing me either way. If there is anything I can help with, or if there's any intel you need me to gather, you need only ask, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: Well, I'll leave you to it then. See you.
Phonia: Don't worry, you weren't disturbing me either way. If there is anything I can help with, or if there's any intel you need me to gather, you need only ask, Honorary Knight.