# Talk Dialog

Chenee: What do you think of Frejus's remote cannon?
Traveler: It's pretty good.
Chenee: Good, that's good.
Traveler: You don't sound so excited...
Chenee: Ah... Sorry. I mean, it's not that I don't like it. It's just that I knew what the device would look like the moment I looked upon the blueprints.
Chenee: Frejus is the one doing the hard work, and it does look hard. I see that he looks nervous, even though this is no big deal — there's no great risk of an accident occurring.
Chenee: "Playing the part of a genius" is pretty tiring, don't you think?
Traveler: What are you getting at?
Chenee: That he isn't a real genius. If I had to guess, he's just an ordinary person with a more active mind and ideas than usual.
Chenee: It was drunk boasting, you know, that whole "rejecting the Fontaine Research Institute's offer three times" business. He's been putting in the work to protect that lie since.
Chenee: Ah, right. Please keep this a secret for me. Reckon he doesn't think I've noticed.
Traveler: And how did you find out?
Chenee: Probably because I really have rejected them myself, I guess? I'm somewhat aware of their standards. As for Frejus... He's a decent ways off from making the cut.
Traveler: So you're playing along with his act, then?
Chenee: You could say so. Specifically, I play the role of the ignorant newcomer, asking him all manner of questions.
Chenee: And sometimes I will ask him something particularly difficult on purpose and look at him expectantly, at which he will try his best to hide his embarrassment.
Chenee: Then, I "accidentally" give him hints, and he will turn about and cough, pretending that he knew all along—
Chenee: This whole process is quite fun, which is why I do not intend to expose him. Seeing him run around being busy is one of my favorite hobbies these days.
Traveler: Looks like this show will go on, then.
Chenee: I imagine it will — for a long time, in fact.
Chenee: As long as I don't tell him, he won't be able to tell. He even thinks that the newcomers' party was the first time we met, but it was a long time before that.
Chenee: He's so very inobservant. I'm sure he doesn't remember — or perhaps he doesn't care — who he blocked the bullet for that day.
Traveler: It's a rather novel experience, alright.