# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Gaming: Heck yeah! Always! And especially now, since you suggested it and everything.
Gaming: But before that — is your throat dry? Course it is, so's mine. Lemme make some tea real quick...
Traveler: You have a very entertaining way of talking!
Gaming: Huh? Oh, heh... Sorry, I bet half of what I say goes right over your head, huh?
Gaming: I must get it from my mom. She raised me, so all my habits come from her, including my turns of phrase.
Gaming: If I ever say something that you don't understand, or it goes down like a lead balloon, please stop me and demand that I explain what I mean in normal-person terms.
Gaming: Really, I insist — it's no trouble. Besides, hang out with me enough and I'm sure you'll be speaking fluent Gaming-ese before long!
Gaming: Ah, and if we're drinking tea, we're gonna need some nibbles!
Gaming: Luckily, I brought a sizeable stash of Winter Melon Cakes with me. Here's some for you... and here's a bunch for all your other guests...
Gaming: Wait! I almost forgot to count what's-her-face! Li'l Chubbikins, the one by the entrance.
Traveler: ..."Chubbikins"?
Gaming: Oh, sorry, I just mean she's round and chubby. Has she always lived here? It seems like it.
Traveler: Her name is Tubby. And yes, she was here even before me.
Gaming: Ahh, okay, Tubby, Tubby... My bad.
Gaming: Cool, cool... You seem to know all sorts of amazing people from all over the place.
Gaming: Makes sense though. Everyone adores you — you're smart, talented, and there isn't a bad bone in your body.
Gaming: What's that? Me too? Hahaha, if you say so!
Traveler: Gonna brew one of your signature herbal teas?
Gaming: Oh, uh... Sorry to disappoint. I'm afraid all I have with me is this Single-Origin Yauwan from my hometown...
Gaming: But, if you want, I can take a look around your garden and scrounge some infusable foliage and whatnot to put aside for drying.
Gaming: Then, in the future, I can make herbal teas on demand for you — Oh, and everyone else here.