# Talk Dialog

Souka: Hey, you two! Are you here to train your Fungi as well?
Traveler: How's your training going?
Souka: Everything's going great! My Ace Fungus Stormstress is performing spectacularly.
Souka: I've relied almost solely on Stormstress for the entire preliminary round. It also helped me realize that there are weaknesses in my team.
Souka: Yep, a story's climax or a protagonist's fall will only make sense if you tell the reader about the underlying issues ahead of time.
Souka: That's pretty much what the preliminary round means to a beast tamer like me.
Souka: Looking at it from this perspective, Stormstress has been extremely important to me! It's like a classic companion of any protagonist!
Paimon: Souka is in the zone all of a sudden... She's amazing!
Traveler: How's the inspiration coming along?
Souka: Umm... to be honest... there hasn't been any progress outside of the competition itself...
Souka: Lady Yae said that now that I've signed up for the competition, my priority should be to adopt a beast-tamer mentality and get into character as fast as I can.
Souka: If I can do that, I'll be able to find new ideas for my piece in each and every round I go into.
Souka: However, even though the main storyline of the novel is about a competition and each round serves as an important chapter... there are still blanks in between the chapters that need to be filled with daily life and subplots.
Souka: All I have right now is an outline that doesn't include the daily life stuff... I have no idea how to refine it.
Souka: If I were to travel around sightseeing with Lady Yae... Maybe I'd be able to find some inspiration!
Traveler: Won't you be too nervous?
Paimon: Yeah, it feels like you're too nervous to even speak when Miko's around. Would you be able to sleep if you were to travel with her?
Paimon: Paimon bets you wouldn't even be able to hold your utensils straight if the two of you had to eat together.
Souka: What? You're exaggerating! You know, I'm not always in fear of Lady Yae rushing my writing!
Souka: Ahem... anyway, as a novelist, traveling with Lady Yae is the happiest and most honorable thing I could do! The inspiration that I'd be able to find would last me years!
Traveler: You can do it, Souka!
Souka: Thank you so much! I can feel the motivation rising inside me!