# Talk Dialog

Jala: Perfect, it looks like I'm all set...
Jala: Put your back into it, Jala! You'll round 'em all up in a few days!
Traveler: R—Round up?
Paimon: Eek! A poacher in Fontaine... Does animal trafficking make so much money nowadays?
Paimon: Not on Paimon's watch! You're coming to the Maison Gardiennage with us!
Jala: ...Huh. It's you two.
Jala: Well, sure. I just came from the Maison, in fact. Need me to show you the way?
Paimon: ?
Traveler: Good. I like straightforward people!
Paimon: Wait, something's not right... You're not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. You must be a regular offender... Or maybe...
Jala: I could be standing on the right side of the law, eh?
Jala: More accurately, the Maison has hired me as a special environmental protection consultant — an "Unchained Hunter."
Jala: Specifically, I'm hunting invasive species of fish that have made their way into Fontaine's waters.
Paimon: Invasive... species?
Traveler: That sounds familiar.
Paimon: Right! Paimon thinks we heard about something like that back in Mondstadt...
Jala: Well, let's not dwell on the past. What matters is the here and now.
Jala: These invasive species were let loose by some merchants who hold strange beliefs.
Jala: Some of the fish are extremely aggressive, others reproduce incredibly fast, and others were raised on special feed. All told, they're a huge problem for all the local aquatic life.
Jala: If these fish occupy the habitats of local creatures and mess up the ecosystem, Fontaine's water quality might be affected.
Jala: The impact on Fontainians' health might be something we'd only feel in the future. But the flavor of a drink like Fonta could change instantly, and that'll spell untold trouble for the economy.
Traveler: Fonta shall not fall! Not today!
Paimon: All this understatement makes the problem sound worse! We can't just sit back and do nothing!
Paimon: Now, we're old hands at catching fish, so why don't we help you out?
Jala: Yes! I've been waiting for you to say that!
Jala: I've already set up a capture zone into which we can lure all those invasive fish using bait...
Jala: So it's time to strut your stuff, Honorary Knight and Helper in White! As for me, I'll support you from the rear!
Paimon: Is it just Paimon, or does she... understand us really well?
Traveler: I don't really drink Fonta, but I understand its importance.
Traveler: What's that?
Paimon: Paimon's memory is fuzzy, but we heard about something like that in Mondstadt ages ago, she's sure of it...
Traveler: Maybe... there's been a misunderstanding?
Paimon: True. She's not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. She must be a regular offender... Or maybe...
Traveler: A p—poacher?