# Talk Dialog

Grandmaster Hanakado: How do things fare, Oni King's Right Hand? Have you led Bloom Pruner to victory upon victory?
Traveler: That's right, we're invincible!
Paimon: Uh... Are we? Are you sure you're not exaggerating a bit too much? To Paimon, saying that sounds like we just breezed through every fight without having to even think about it.
Paimon: But when we were using Bloom Pruner, we absolutely had to think carefully about our tactical choices. Not at all like how you can just plow through Slimes with your eyes shut.
Traveler: Bloom Pruner's plenty strong for an Onikabuto.
Paimon: Well, yeah, sure...
Paimon: But that comparison really reminds Paimon of the time Grandmaster Hanakado used a real Onikabuto to challenge a Geovishap Hatchling... The hatchling just stomped its feet, and boom, the fight was over.
Grandmaster Hanakado: And that's exactly what makes mechanical Onikabuto awesome, no?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Having witnessed Bloom Pruner's performance, I see it now — the wisdom and foresight the Oni King had in saying that he would expand the boundaries of beetle battling using mechanical Onikabuto!
Grandmaster Hanakado: Of course, learning mechanics is also stunningly difficult. I've heard that engineering and mathematics classes in Liyue often confound outsiders of similar age... And we're just talking about the basics, here.
Grandmaster Hanakado: I wonder how good the Oni King is at math...
Traveler: Bloom Pruner's the mightiest among little critters.
Traveler: Leaving that aside, how's Itto doing?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Ah, right! I forgot to mention this, but the Oni King has been writing letters to me... Well, I say that, but the penmanship indicates that Shinobu was the one doing the actual writing...
Paimon: Tsk, that bull-chucker... he never changes, huh?
Grandmaster Hanakado: In any case, I've been kept abreast of important events back in Inazuma. The "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness" that the Oni King organized, for example...
Grandmaster Hanakado: That music festival was even adapted into a light novel, expanding upon the story behind the theme song he sang.
Grandmaster Hanakado: Shinobu also included a limited-edition commemorative copy in one of the letters. The postage fees alone cost a sizable fraction of the Arataki Gang's budget...
Grandmaster Hanakado: ...But while the novel itself didn't sell well, and it isn't famous either, I absolutely love the spirit of it!
Grandmaster Hanakado: Master Shuyu passed the book onto Adeptus Cloud Retainer, and I hear that she rated it as "not lacking in passion, certainly."
Grandmaster Hanakado: Once I stated the purpose of my visit, she made the connection with the novel, it was only then that, after some discussion with Adeptus Ping, they created "Shuyu's Baffling Beetle Battle Bowl."
Paimon: So, part of the inspiration for this beetle battle Domain... comes from that song Bull-Chucker sang!?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Precisely! And soon, once I've mastered the mystical adeptal arts, I shall return to the Oni King's side, and together, we will organize an "Arataki World-Rocking Beetle Battle Summit"...
Grandmaster Hanakado: ...*ahem* Still working on the name, of course. We'll need the Oni King's personal touch to give it that sense of rhyme and rhythm... Anyway, I'll do my best!
Traveler: How are your lessons with Master Shuyu going?
Grandmaster Hanakado: To tell you the truth, it has only been a few days since I discovered the adeptal abode, yet it has been almost a year since the Oni King and I parted. How cruel, truly, is the passage of time!
Paimon: What's going on? Is some kinda problem holding you up?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Not at all. To tell you the truth, I read a text by a true scholar at Wanwen Bookhouse, which states that moving an adeptus is "not a matter to be forced — rather, felicitous fortuity is the major mechanic"...
Grandmaster Hanakado: So I chose not to rely too heavily on Chef-sama's guidance. Instead, I chose to work for her for a time as ingredient transport staff — a way of repaying her and Guoba-san.
Grandmaster Hanakado: Following that, I left Wanmin Restaurant and went to wander the mountain wilds.
Grandmaster Hanakado: I saw many new and fascinating things in my journey.
Grandmaster Hanakado: For example... I saw a large red stag who could use an automatic cooking pot. Why, even from afar, I could see how it tossed ingredients into an empty pot, and out popped a most delicious dish. A sight to behold indeed, truly eye-opening!
Grandmaster Hanakado: Liyue's a truly amazing place, huh? Even the local deer know how to use mechanisms!
Paimon: Huh. That stag, and the pot... They both sound kinda familiar...
Traveler: D—Do they...?
Grandmaster Hanakado: It was thanks to that stag that the idea came to me, that I should have a device made by an artisan that could automatically grind and make matcha, and then make some of that tea in places where adeptal sightings and signs are more often seen...
Grandmaster Hanakado: And in the end, that was what led Master Shuyu to follow the smell to me, thus granting me the opportunity to visit an adeptal abode.
Grandmaster Hanakado: I guess this is what they mean by "fortuity as a mechanic" — or should I say, "mechanical fortuity"? Ah, how sublime, truly sublime...
Traveler: Is... Is that so?
Paimon: Does that really mean what he thinks it does...?
Traveler: Is... that how it works?
Traveler: That's... right?
Traveler: I'll have to sweep the opposition away some other time.
Grandmaster Hanakado: No problem! Take care of whatever's on hand, then come back and beetle battle it out to your heart's content once you're free!