# Talk Dialog

Youko: ...Kappa! Kappa!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Excuse me, let me take a look!
Paimon: #Mizuki? Traveler? Finally, you're back!
Kujou Sara: Shogun! ...The fault is mine. The Tenryou Commission failed to protect those under our charge...
Ei: Now is not the time to cast blame. Did anyone witness the attack?
Kujou Sara: ...No, we have failed you. There is no trace of the enemy...
Hitotsume Kozou: We split up for just a second, and the next thing we knew, he was on the ground!
Youko: *whimper*... It... It must be some terrible youkai...
Shikanoin Heizou: Other than the bake-danuki transformation, there was no trace of youkai power at the scene... It's almost like the culprit's methods are getting more sophisticated.
Traveler: The doppelganger in Inazuma City...
Shikanoin Heizou: Wait... there was a doppelganger in Inazuma City?
Traveler: Yeah, seems like it...
Shikanoin Heizou: Doppelgangers... Nightmares... Inazuma City... Mt. Yougou...
Yae Miko: How is he, Mizuki?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's strange... I can't perceive his nightmare. It's almost like... he's not there at all.
Hitotsume Kozou: Th—The youkai... It must be getting stronger!
Youko: Kappa... *whimper*... Please don't die...
Kujou Sara: ...It's my fault! I should have anticipated the culprit might resort to more sophisticated methods...
Ei: No, it was I who underestimated the enemy... I who allowed us to continue the festival despite the potential dangers.
Ei: Sara, what is the status of the other contestants and staff?
Kujou Sara: ...All normal. I asked the Yashiro Commission to move them to a secure location just to be safe.
Ei: Good... By decree of the Shogun, I declare that the Mikawa Flower Festival is—
Yae Miko: Wait...
Ei: What is it, Miko?
Yae Miko: You're being too hasty, Ei. I understand your concern for the people, but I urge you to think this through, or we risk playing into the enemy's hand.
Yae Miko: Considering your history with Nightmares, you have better cause than anyone to exercise caution... But, do you truly believe what we're facing now... is just a Nightmare?
Ei: ...Explain.
Yae Miko: Call it intuition... If you want the truth, perhaps Doushin Shikanoin could shed some light. I believe there's been a break in the case.
Shikanoin Heizou: ...You flatter me, Lady Guuji. I do have a few ideas...
Shikanoin Heizou: Up to this point, we've only detected traces of the nightmare creature around Mt. Yougou... And, now, a doppelganger appears in Inazuma City.
Shikanoin Heizou: Our original thought was that the culprit infiltrated the venue to evade capture... If so, there would be no reason for them to risk exposure by continuing to change form.
Shikanoin Heizou: Rather than concluding that the nightmare creature, on top of everything, now has the ability to disappear without a trace, I think there's a different possibility...
Traveler: Also seemed to appear without warning...