# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Listen in)
Tea Master Liu Su: Now, I shall tell you a tale of our Lady Ningguang, she who perceives and oversees all that happens among the merchants.
Tea Master Liu Su: They say that in those first days when she had just received Rex Lapis' recognition, and become the Tianquan...
Tea Master Liu Su: She saw that taxation was ossified and prejudiced, whereupon she moved like the wind, reforming the laws and punishing the corrupt.
Tea Master Liu Su: In one go, she fined several guilds heavily, and shed redundant staff like so much dead skin...
Tea Master Liu Su: Those tax-dodging merchants could not have trembled more had they tried. Oh, how the dutiful citizens — like you and I — cheered and clapped to see that sight!
Traveler: Yes!
Tea Master Liu Su: But ah, with her decisive actions, Lady Ningguang had made an enemy of that great shipping line, the Yulong Guild.
Tea Master Liu Su: The head of the Yulong Guild then was named Haiyan. A master of the wharfs he was — built like a giant and strong enough to wrestle a shark. His arms were as thick as an ancient tree, and his iron teeth could shatter stone!
Tea Master Liu Su: "The Tianquan Ningguang? Who is that? Come, I shall go and meet this little lady!"
Tea Master Liu Su: Haiyan left his seat of power all in a fury, intent on a confrontation...
Traveler: Oh no...
Tea Master Liu Su: But Haiyan had gone in for three or four hours, and still no one had heard a thing from within.
Tea Master Liu Su: Even the guards outside wondered: what strange power does Lady Ningguang's mansion have, that no sound should be heard?
Tea Master Liu Su: But before they knew it, they heard a sound like a peal of thunder. All was not well—
Tea Master Liu Su: I trust you all wish to know how the story proceeds? Listen closely, for all will be revealed in the next chapter...
Traveler: (Stop listening)
Tea Master Liu Su: But ah, with her decisive actions, Lady Ningguang had made an enemy of that great shipping line, the Yulong Guild...