# Talk Dialog

Traveler: You are...?
Balfour: Truth be told, I used to be an ordinary merchant. I studied the promotional principles of commercial events and learned how to cater to the needs and wants of customers.
Balfour: After Mr. Elchingen heard about my background, he hired me to come here and help him, his employees, and Kautilya organize this competition.
Balfour: His employees are all extremely sharp. They transformed Mr. Elchingen's traditional business into something suitable for hosting a competition in a very short period of time.
Traveler: Traditional business?
Balfour: Yeah, I hear that Mr. Elchingen used to primarily be in the grocery business. I'm not too sure about the details though.
Balfour: It's amazing that a typical merchant could grow into such a wealthy individual. It's inspiring!
Paimon: So Elchingen is actually pretty open-minded... You're a really hard worker too!
Paimon: You know, this is also the first time we've met a tycoon from Fontaine. He really doesn't give off a special first impression.
Paimon: He wears Sumeru merchant clothes even though he's from Fontaine. Paimon didn't see any expensive accessories either. You really can't tell that he's rich...
Balfour: See? That's all just proof that Mr. Elchingen is a wonderful person.
Balfour: He's been in Sumeru for a really long time and has adopted the local way of life. He's also very low-key in everything he does.
Balfour: Mr. Elchingen even eats and chats with ordinary employees as if we're his friends!
Balfour: I think the reason he hired me instead of seeking the assistance of a professional merchant is partially to avoid malicious competition.
Balfour: If he went all out promoting the competition, there might've been other wealthy people interested in investing and sharing a piece of the pie. If that happened, the competition might have lost its original purpose.
Paimon: That sounds really nice! Paimon hopes to find a boss like that if Paimon were to ever look for a job!
Traveler: But Paimon, it's not like you have to do any work...
Paimon: What are you talking about!? You're different!
Paimon: In our relationship, there's no need to talk about trivial stuff like Mora, right?
Traveler: Am I not a good boss?