# Talk Dialog

Tea Master Liu Su: ...an epic fight. Legendary. The skies went black, there were howling winds and waves as high as houses. So the vile demon struck again, this time with all his might... but the adeptus just managed to dodge it! It was a powerful hit indeed; landed square on Mt. Tianheng! Boom!
Tea Master Liu Su: How powerful was the hit? Try powerful enough to tear open the base of the mountain!
Tea Master Liu Su: "A slight crack in the foundation; what's the big deal," you say? Well, let me tell you. Suddenly, there was a thunderous sound of giant rocks rolling down the mountains: The whole of Mt. Tianheng was on the verge of collapse! Meanwhile, down in the village, everyone stared up at the sight of impending doom and trembled with fear.
Tea Master Liu Su: Skybracer knew that if he didn't act quickly, the entire village was going to be reduced to a pulp! Oh, the humanity...
Traveler: Oh, the humanity!
Tea Master Liu Su: This was it. It was now or never... Suddenly, the adeptus had a brainwave. "Aha! My antlers..."
Tea Master Liu Su: Now. As we all know, the pair of antlers on Skybracer's head were a gift from the Lord of Geo. And what a magnificent gift they were: They were ten feet long and a hundred times harder than the hardest iron you can imagine...
Tea Master Liu Su: That's when he summoned a fellow adeptus.
Tea Master Liu Su: This masked companion was also a formidable fighter. He took a deep breath, and then with one almighty strike from his polearm he tore the antlers clean off the adeptus' head. Crash! They came tumbling to the ground...
Tea Master Liu Su: Skybracer picked the antlers up off the floor. His own antlers. A piece of his very own body. And he thrust them into the foot of Mt. Tianheng! Guess what happened next?
Tea Master Liu Su: It stopped the mountain from falling down — yes... but it also raised the mountain to thousands of feet higher than it had stood before!
Traveler: Yeah!
Tea Master Liu Su: ...My friends, do not think of this antler removal as anything remotely similar to a haircut. Antlers are made of bone, and grow straight out of the skull.
Tea Master Liu Su: What was that gushing sound? Blood, spraying out from Skybracer's head like a fountain, coating everything in sight!
Tea Master Liu Su: The adeptus grotesquely wiped his hand across his blood-soaked skull, and began racing back up the mountain to wipe the vile demon off the face of the earth. You can imagine how ferocious he looked now, all covered in blood with murder in his eyes! A great adeptus? More like a king of the demons!
Tea Master Liu Su: Still, to the people who lived below the mountain, Skybracer was their savior, a great and merciful adeptus who had saved them all from certain doom. In fact, they thought more highly of him than they thought of the Lord of Geo.
Tea Master Liu Su: The rain continued to pour down, and the gutters began to swell...
Tea Master Liu Su: But no one really knew how much of it was the rain, and how much was the grateful tears of a rescued people... nor did anyone know how much was the spilled blood of Skybracer...
Traveler: I—I'm sorry, I really have to go now...
Tea Master Liu Su: ...Friends, those antlers; I'm telling you...