# Talk Dialog

Umihiko: Y'know, I went out to sea earlier today, but was so distracted that I lost my net... Ah well, it's not a big deal though.
Susukida: Yeah, I messed up today too... but hey, what's the big deal? A few bandits got away, it's not the end of the world, hahaha...
Paimon: Hey, you two! Murasaki and Shion are sick, and it's all because of your bad dreams!
Susukida: Whoa, someone's in a bad mood, huh? So funny, haha...
Umihiko: I know, right? Hehehe...
Paimon: Um...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: What's wrong?
Paimon: They're acting so weird! Paimon was pretty aggressive just now, but they don't seem offended at all...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Allow me. Gentlemen, do you still remember visiting Aisa Bathhouse last night for dream regulation therapy?
Umihiko: Did we?
Susukida: I don't think so...?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Huh... Do you recall having any bad dreams recently?
Susukida: No, why would I? What in this world could be so bad that it'd give me nightmares?
Umihiko: Hmm... Nope, nothing comes to mind. Bad dreams must be highly irregular, surely? You don't have to look far to see that life is beautiful.
Paimon: What is going on? It's like they've completely forgotten what they did last night.
Paimon: Although, Paimon can believe what they're saying. They don't exactly seem troubled by nightmares... Does that mean Emura Ichigensai's counselling actually works?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #No, they're clearly not in their right minds... Traveler, Paimon, focus hard for a second. I'm gonna try something a little unorthodox...
Paimon: Wow, what did you do...?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Entered their subconscious minds. I noticed they've both become disassociated from their subconscious, meaning I can access it — similarly to how I enter people's dreams.
Susukida: No, nooo! Those thugs, I won't let them get away with this! I won't!!!
Umihiko: The sea's too rough today... I should stay on dry land till things calm down.
Paimon: Huh!?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As you can see, their troubles haven't gone anywhere.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Susukida seems to have a short fuse, which causes him to act out of line. I'm sure this has caused him a lot of grief in his line of work.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As for Umihiko... I believe he developed a fear of stormy waves after a near-death experience. Now, he's reluctant to sail out to sea at all, which is having a devastating impact on his livelihood.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Their negative emotions have been isolated from their conscious minds and left to float around in their subconscious. That's why on the outside, the only emotion they appear to feel is happiness.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But those suppressed emotions will only continue to fester in their subconscious, eventually turning into the nightmares that have been giving Murasaki and Shion indigestion.
Traveler: How did this happen?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...If it's Emura Ichigensai's doing, I guess he's not the straightforward conman we thought he was. Maybe he really does have ways of influencing human emotions. That would explain why no one has blown the whistle on him yet...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Did you notice anything strange when you came here yesterday?
Paimon: Not really. They were a lot more serious than today...
Traveler: Actually, since you ask...
Black Screen Text: You remember the strange dream from yesterday, and recount it to Mizuki.
Paimon: You sure kept that one quiet!
Traveler: I didn't think much of it at the time.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh, no no no... Look, we have to find this Emura Ichigensai right away!
Paimon: Mizuki... What is it?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Something inhuman is at work in Emura Ichigensai. Traveler's dream confirms that... He has victimized everyone who has received his so-called counselling.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If we don't find and stop him as soon as possible, his victims may well suffer irreversible damage to their psyches.
Paimon: Yikes... Well, guess we'd better press these guys a little harder. Do you know when Emura Ichigensai will be here next?
Susukida: What's with the urgency? Why does it matter when he shows up?
Umihiko: Yeah, he'll turn up when he's ready. No point trying to rush him, heh...
Paimon: Ugh, this is infuriating!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...You do remember what happened last night. Both of you.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Only, you don't want to talk about it, because you can't reconcile the presence of a nightmare with the happiness you presently feel.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Just thinking about it brings up an overwhelming sense of being torn apart. You can't quite put it into words, but you fear you're a hair's breadth away from a total breakdown... Is that about right?
Umihiko: ...Please, stop. Everything will be fine as long as we don't think about it...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Emura Ichigensai's treatment has clearly left you wounded and vulnerable. But don't worry — I'm not here to snap you out of your denial.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...At least, as long as you answer our question.
Susukida: Alright... But seriously, we really have no idea. We've asked already, and all we know is that he's not coming today.
Umihiko: Yeah, uh... apparently yesterday's session kind of... tired him out.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Is he trying to hide from me again?
Paimon: They really don't know anything? Darn. Looks like we've hit a dead end...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I don't suppose you know where he lives, do you?
Paimon: No. We did ask yesterday, but even his guard didn't know.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: In that case...
Traveler: Have you found out what you came here for?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Yes, I suppose... Now that I know what's causing their bad dreams, I can administer the correct treatment...
Traveler: Then go do that.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Honestly, you've already done your part by bringing me here. I can't keep troubling you...
Paimon: Don't forget we wanna book our next therapy session! The sooner you stop having to worry about Emura Ichigensai, the sooner we get you all to ourselves.
Paimon: So, we're not gonna quit until all this is resolved, and the bathhouse is back to business as usual!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Looks like I have no choice but to accept your help again. I have to make sure Murasaki and Shion get the treatment they need.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Still, I'm gonna need your full cooperation. If you do find Emura Ichigensai, please do not approach him. Just send me a message and keep an eye on him until I arrive.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The last thing I want is for you to put yourself in harm's way.
Paimon: Ah, don't worry about that! You should see some of the other bad guys we've taken down in our time. This guy's small potatoes compared to them!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Paimon?
Paimon: ...Alright, sure. We'll keep our distance and send a message, heh.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Very good. Let's get going then.
Paimon: ...Pretty bold claim, saying you'll track this guy down. It's nice of you to give Mizuki one less thing to worry about and all, but... what the heck do we do now? What if we can't find him?
Paimon: Cause in case you hadn't noticed, these guys are hopeless. They don't know anything!
Traveler: Yep, they definitely have no idea.
Paimon: Wait, you're right — she was the one who tipped us off about this place yesterday! She probably knows way more than she let on.
Paimon: There's no time to lose! To the Grand Narukami Shrine!
Traveler: But I suspect Miko knows something...
Traveler: I'll track down Emura Ichigensai.
Traveler: Are you able to help Murasaki and Shion now?