# Talk Dialog

Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament preliminary round results are in. Thirty-two magnificent contenders have made it through and will be showcasing a visual feast of fierce competition to you all..."
Traveler: Quickly view "Competition Rules"...
Message Board: "Competition Rewards - Top 8: Sizable amount of Mora, limited-edition Nilotpala Cup Season 1 Honorary Title, and the permission to keep the ace Fungus..."
Message Board: ...
Message Board: "Fungi Activity Rules - Rule #3: Fungi that are registered and controlled by a Wisdom Orb are allowed to move around freely in areas proximate to the arena. Beast tamers, please pay extra attention to the activity borders."
Message Board: "Activity areas only include areas around the arena and the main roads of Port Ormos. Please do not bring your Fungi to the following public areas: Wikala Funduq, shops, and restaurants."
Message Board: "Currently, this competition is unknown to some members of the population. Panic or chaos may occur if Fungi were to appear in front of individuals who are unaware of the competition. It is recommended that everyone manage their Fungi accordingly."
Message Board: "The Corps of Thirty will referee the competitors to ensure that all rules are followed. Competitors who violate the rules will be disqualified immediately. If the violation is considered a gross offense, further responsibilities may be pursued and punishment from the Akademiya may occur."
Message Board: ...
Paimon: Seems like the rules are pretty clear.
Traveler: Most Liked Comment
Message Board: "Floating Fungi are the cutest! Whether they're Hydro, Anemo, or Dendro!"
Message Board: "Every Floating Fungus has a big head and its body is soft. It moves around slowly, and sways back and forth as it does so."
Message Board: "Let's make a Floating Fungi Protection Association together!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Reminder from the staff: Competition Fungi are special, wild Fungi are dangerous!"
Message Board: "Enjoy the competition responsibly. Please do not attempt to imitate anything you see!"
Message Board: "Your family would be sad if you were injured by a monster!"
Traveler: Most Disliked Comment
Message Board: "Maybe the organizers should add some kind of balancing mechanism to make the competition more competitive."
Message Board: "For example, attach a point system to each Fungus that enters battle. Each team has a limited number of points, and the stronger the Fungi, the higher the points."
Message Board: "With that put in place, the competitors will need to take a strategic approach to what Fungi they include in their team. This also guarantees a more competitive atmosphere."
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: You idiot! The audience won't be able to understand what's going on if the competition becomes too complicated!
Message Board: Everyone's just here to have a good time. Nobody wants to count dumb points and guess strategies while watching the competition!
Message Board: Besides, the skills of the stronger Fungi are awesome. If you restrict them from entering the arena, the competition might get stale really quickly!
Traveler: Most Interesting Comment
Message Board: "The preliminary round is over. When will the competition film be available for purchase?"
Message Board: "I'm having a hard time staying in my seat. There are so many competitors with really cool nicknames that sound like they have a strong team! Ordinary audiences won't be able to watch every single match. We need the film!"
Message Board: "It's okay even if it's a little pricey. After all, competitions like this are rare, and it's exciting to watch even the second or third time around!"
Traveler: Leave.