# Talk Dialog

Kamisato Ayaka: I'm so glad we were able to complete the film. Thanks for taking care of me while I was here.
Traveler: Your acting was brilliant.
Kamisato Ayaka: Really? Thank you...
Kamisato Ayaka: At first, I simply tried to work hard out of a desire to not become a burden to the crew. It would have been so embarrassing if the filming had to stop to accommodate my lack of skills.
Kamisato Ayaka: But Director Furina was both patient and knowledgeable, and Chevreuse and Elain taught me a lot about the scenes and details. It was all thanks to their help that I was able to grow comfortable with the role.
Kamisato Ayaka: And even with all of that said, I still... got a little flustered with praise, especially since everyone, including you, were complimenting me at the end...
Traveler: Did you have a good time?
Kamisato Ayaka: Yes, I visited many places with Yoimiya in between the filming sessions.
Kamisato Ayaka: The elegant streets, the beautiful flowers and greenery, and the dreamlike underwater world... Everything I saw will shine like stars in my memories.
Kamisato Ayaka: It also brings me joy to think that perhaps you've marveled at those exact wonders as well.
Traveler: Thank you for your hard work, Ayaka.
Kamisato Ayaka: Ah, it's nothing at all. I... don't often have the opportunity to wander out into the world like this.
Kamisato Ayaka: Not only did I make many new friends during this trip, I also picked up many new skills from everyone around me. I will cherish this experience greatly.
Kamisato Ayaka: Oh, and I'm also going to bring some Conch Madeleines back to the Yashiro Commission as a gift.
Kamisato Ayaka: If we could enjoy them with some coffee... Hehe, perhaps it'll feel as if I'd never left Fontaine at all.
Traveler: Have a safe and relaxing trip home.
Kamisato Ayaka: Mhm, thank you for looking out for me. Please do take care of yourself during your adventures as well.
Kamisato Ayaka: If the stars align, we'll see each other in Inazuma again.