# Talk Dialog

Traveler: What were you muttering to yourself about?
Vile: Sara decided she wanted to import Liyue chili peppers recently. Allegedly, they're hot enough to reduce even Mondstadt's die-hard spice lover Barbara to tears.
Vile: My view is they'd be nigh on impossible to sell, seeing as eighty-six percent of Mondstadters won't touch them.
Traveler: ...Barbara is a die-hard spice lover?
Vile: Oh, you hadn't heard? It was my understanding that everyone in Mondstadt knew.
Traveler: Tell me some more things that everyone in Mondstadt knows.
Vile: Sure. Besides for just political purposes, they say that merchants were also among the diplomatic mission that came to Mondstadt from Snezhnaya. They came bearing "Fire-Water," a kind of specialty alcohol from Snezhnaya, with aims of starting a partnership with Dawn Winery.
Vile: During the banquet that was held at Dawn Winery, Master Diluc raised his glass filled with the exotic Snezhnaya Fire-Water and asked a maid to fill the glasses of the Snezhnaya merchants with Dawn Winery's own finest Dandelion Wine.
Vile: To show his respect, Master Diluc followed the Snezhnayan custom and downed the entire glass of Fire-Water.
Vile: The Snezhnayan guests then fervently applauded his heroism, and he nodded politely in response, but it wasn't long before he felt as if the world was spinning around him.
Vile: He managed to maintain his calm demeanor as owner of the winery to the end of the banquet. But once the festivities were over, Master Diluc lay passed out in his quarters for the next three days.
Vile: Everyone in Dawn Winery was worried if Master Diluc had actually fallen victim to some Snezhnayan plot.
Vile: Adelinde, who regularly tends to Master Diluc's daily needs, reassured everyone saying, "Master is fine. Although, I've never seen someone get drunk like that before..."
Vile: Once Master Diluc regained consciousness, the first thing he did was refuse the partnership with the Snezhnayan merchant — "The people of Mondstadt can't handle this."
Traveler: You should tell her about your concerns.
Vile: Oh believe me, I've tried.
Vile: If I can't think of anything better, I may have to send in Prince Charming...
Vile: Kaeya's got a certain way with words. He would only need to drop a few subtle hints and the whole thing would be sorted.
Vile: Ahem. Anyway. Thanks for the chat.