# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Kujou Sara: For as long as I can remember, I've been accustomed to handling various matters myself...
Kujou Sara: Though I once did have the thought of raising pets, due to various circumstances, I was never able to...
Traveler: What kind of pet are we talking about here?
Kujou Sara: Nothing in particular. I just thought it would be nice to have a companion.
Kujou Sara: The commission is a whirlwind of people and unexpected complications, so I often relish opportunities to get away for assignments in the field.
Kujou Sara: Whenever I think about it, I can only conclude that I have no time to care for a pet. Please, forget that I ever mentioned it.
Kujou Sara: But growing up without a companion is not a pleasant experience... Everyone is the same in this regard — pets, people, even tengu.
Traveler: You could have a pet. Why not just keep it here?
Kujou Sara: Hah, I suppose you are right.
Kujou Sara: If I were to keep a pet here, I would certainly need to consult you first. What kind of pet do you think would be best?
Kujou Sara: I know! How about a Red Horned Lizard? It's a solitary creature and doesn't require much interaction.
Traveler: Perhaps a cat would be better...
Kujou Sara: A cat? How could I tell whether it's in a good or bad mood?
Kujou Sara: I have no experience in this matter. I'm not entirely sure if I'm qualified to be a pet's "master."
Kujou Sara: However, because this is a matter between the two of us, you must also hold up your end of the bargain.
Kujou Sara: Hm, to make things easier for you, I will take responsibility for the most difficult part... playing and interacting with it.
Traveler: So you mean that I'll have to take care of its...
Kujou Sara: Exactly. You will be responsible for feeding and cleaning up after it. That's all.
Kujou Sara: Oh, but first and foremost, we must come up with a memorable name for our pet.
Kujou Sara: There is no rush, we can discuss it further when we have some ideas to share.
Traveler: Perhaps a dog would be better...
Kujou Sara: A dog? You can determine their mood just by looking at their wagging tail, right?