# Talk Dialog

Hyakujitsuhaku Shion: Scuse me, hello! Please come register over here!
Shiba Murasaki: What's going on? Why are there so many guests? Had I known, I'd have definitely turned some of them back...
Paimon: Whoa, looks like business is booming with Emura Ichigensai out of the picture! And it's good to see that Murasaki and Shion are well on the road to recovery.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Morning, Traveler, Paimon. Want to make an appointment?
Paimon: Yes please! For today, if possible!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Then, I'd better get you another VIP pass. You're our most important customers, after all.
Paimon: Hee-hee, awesome! In that case, Very Important Paimon would like to start with the fine dining this time.
Yae Miko: Oh my... Imagine if you'd taken my advice and sold your shares the other day. It could have cost you dearly now that business is booming again. I hope you're not too upset with me, old friend?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Why would I be upset? It's not as if I ever took your suggestion seriously.
Yae Miko: Ah, I've missed that way with words. So affectionate...
Paimon: Would it kill you to not sneak up on people every darn time...
Yae Miko: Morning, little ones. Did you enjoy the scenery last night?
Traveler: What? ...You were spying on us?
Yae Miko: Hardly. That tree was directly beneath the Grand Narukami Shrine. What was I supposed to do, move the entire shrine to give you some privacy?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Is there a reason you're here, Lady Guuji?
Yae Miko: Heh... Mostly because I felt like a walk. But I do have a message from the Tenryou Commission to pass on, as it happens.
Yae Miko: The gentleman who your fellow yumekui-baku fished out of the water last night is no longer in a critical condition. Although, his mind seems to have regressed to that of a young child.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It could have been worse, I suppose... Lady Guuji, I owe you my thanks. Without your help, things might've gone a lot less smoothly yesterday.
Yae Miko: Hmm?
Traveler: Wasn't me...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Come on, Miko. You've always been worse than me at keeping secrets.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I admit that I feel inferior around you, and have an urge to prove myself. How could I not? But maybe these feelings are what have driven me to take this business as far as I have.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: My sense of inferiority keeps my ego in check, and my desire to prove myself gives me the strength to persevere. I'm able to accept these parts of me for what they are — there's no need for you to tiptoe around them.
Yae Miko: #*sigh* You could have told me sooner... The poor Traveler here has been doing all my running around for me.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #True. But then again, without Traveler's help, you'd have been placed in a difficult position.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Emura Ichigensai had amassed a huge following. For the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine to publicly go against him would have been a dangerous move.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: An angry mob of zealots could have done some serious damage to the shrine's reputation... Much safer for the Guuji not to get personally involved. It was the right decision.
Yae Miko: While that's all true, my main concern was that I didn't want to upset an old friend. Otherwise, I could have taken a much more direct approach.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Miko...
Yae Miko: I always seem to forget that you're more cunning and less adorable than you look... Seems like my worries about upsetting you were unfounded.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...It's not that I don't get upset. Everyone has their fair share of troubles... But every sorrow has its cure.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Here's your new VIP Pass. Please take good care of it.