# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Hey there, Bongo-Head, Kindlejoy! We're here to play with you!
Paimon: #What shall we do together with our shroom buddies, Traveler?
Traveler: Let's feed them, shall we?
Paimon: Sure! We had so much fun last time that we didn't notice the many Marvelous Jelly flavors available. Let's pay a bit more attention to the ones the shrooms prefer, shall we?
Traveler: Use the Valberry-flavored jellies.
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ?
Paimon: Ooh, so Bongo-Head likes the Valberry-flavored ones, huh?
Paimon: Maybe we can squeeze lots of Valberry juice and let Bongo-Head soak in them next time...
Paimon: On the other hand, it seems like Kindlejoy isn't that keen... Maybe it doesn't like sweet stuff — that sure fits its personality!
Traveler: Use the Mint-flavored jellies.
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ?
Paimon: Hey, looks like Bongo-Head loves minty-fresh flavors!
Paimon: Do you think it'll have tons of fun in a Mint field?
Paimon: Hmm... But it looks like Kindlejoy's not loving the cool flavors much.
Traveler: Use the Crab Roe-flavored jellies.
Paimon: Um, is this flavor really a thing? Haniyyah sure gets some... interesting ideas...
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: Huh, looks like Bongo-Head doesn't mind the flavor of Crab Roe at all!
Paimon: Kindlejoy seems pleased too. Looks like Crab Roe's the happy medium!
Paimon: It is kinda time-consuming to make Crab Roe, but it's a small sacrifice to make for our buddies, eh? Let's make some for them later!
Paimon: Once we know how to make Marvelous Jellies, we can whip up a great feast for them!
Traveler: Let's make some gestures at them, shall we?
Paimon: Hmm? That's true, it seems some people can use simple hand gestures to make animals understand what they mean.
Paimon: Let's give it a go — with our bond with our Fungi friends, we should have no problem!
Traveler: Give your Fungi friends a thumbs-up.
Paimon: Right, Paimon'll do it too. Thumbs up for good ol' Bongo-Head and the handsome Kindlejoy!
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: Hehe, looks like they're both mighty pleased. Let's give them more encouragement in the future!
Traveler: Waggle your index finger around in a circle.
Paimon: Are you asking them to turn around? Isn't that a bit complicated?
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: Hahaha, look at them go! They're so smart!
Paimon: It's almost like they're dancing. Maybe if Paimon danced too, Bongo-Head would be willing to be Paimon's dance partner!
Traveler: Point at Paimon with the right hand, left hand at your head.
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Paimon: Whoa, looks like Bongo-Head's coming over to let Paimon pat it!
Paimon: But, uh, Kindlejoy is...
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: Wait! Stop, stop! Kindlejoy looks like it's about to jump on Paimon's head!
Traveler: Let's use different sounds to call out to them, shall we?
Paimon: Do you mean that we should try imitating other animals to see what sort of reaction we'll get from them?
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon wants to try that too!
Traveler: *roar*
Paimon: What kinda sound was that? Were you trying to imitate a Sumpter Beast? Paimon's never heard that one before, though...
Bongo-Head: ♪~
Pyro-1: ♫~
Paimon: Huh, looks like they're coming over...
Paimon: Do Fungi also stick to Sumpter Beasts for warmth when they feel cold?
Traveler: Meow~
Paimon: Haha, so you're a cat, huh? Alright, Paimon's joining in!
Bongo-Head: ?
Pyro-1: ?
Paimon: Huh, they seem kinda curious. Have they never seen a cat before?
Paimon: Well, guess that just means we should introduce them to some in the future and help them make some new friends!
Paimon: Speaking of which, would we call a cat that lives in the rainforest a Forest Cat?
Paimon: And if it makes friends with a Fungus, that makes it a Shroomcat!
Traveler: Ya!
Paimon: Hey, hey, that's not an animal you're imitating! You're gonna make our shroom buddies nervous!
Bongo-Head: !
Pyro-1: !
Paimon: See? They've been alerted now!
Paimon: #Don't worry, don't worry, there are no hilichurls around. Traveler's just joking.
Paimon: Hmm, guess this means that the shrooms can help us keep watch while we're asleep. They're pretty reliable, huh?
Traveler: We'll come back later and play with them.
Paimon: Huh, do we have something else to do? Well then, let's get to it quickly — then we can get back and continue playing with Bongo-Head and Kindlejoy!