# Talk Dialog

Babel: Apologies, our business has me distracted... Was there something you needed?
Traveler: About the traitors...
Babel: Ah, we have let an outsider see the troubles our traitors have caused us... How shameful.
Babel: But worry not. With Jeht's aid, Aderfi will soon be delivered unto rightful justice.
Traveler: Is Aderfi truly a traitor?
Babel: He has already stained the Tanit name... This means that he has cast aside the name of his mother, and must be punished.
Babel: As with nations or cities, tribes too must enforce their laws. I think you understand this.
Traveler: I'm just concerned that there isn't enough evidence...
Babel: Well... You are of the city-folk. It is unsurprising that you worry about matters such as "evidence" and "suspicions." This I understand.
Babel: But for us Tanit, he has already stained the name of the tribe with his dishonor... Forgotten the name of his mother. Punishment must be delivered unto him.
Traveler: About Jeht...
Babel: Jeht? She is a good child. She learns our ways quickly and greets trouble with neither grimace nor complaints.
Babel: Heh. Speaking of her, it's a shame that there was an... incident between us and her father in years prior...
Babel: But I'm just glad that Jeht has returned to us. Though her father... *sigh* I suppose we can consider this a delayed resolution.
Babel: She likes you, you know. I can tell.
Babel: So... Please don't disappoint her and ruin the friendship you have.
Traveler: About Azariq...
Babel: He is my "son." Though not born of my flesh, I trust him very much.
Babel: Clever, loyal, strong, ethically unbending, and skilled in gaining favor with others. Like a loyal wolf to the pack, he has never failed me.
Babel: It is a shame that he is... male.
Babel: If he was a woman, he could take my place... That way, I could finally retire and lead the children in managing our Sumpter Beast caravans.
Babel: Heh... But at least I still have Jeht.
Traveler: See you.
Babel: Farewell. I bid you safe travels for your coming adventures.