# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Hey there, Mizuki, Kokomi, and Gyoubu Koban! How are things going over here?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Not bad — we've made a lot of progress. Miss Mizuki is very experienced, and Gyoubu Koban's abilities are simply astonishing.
"Gyoubu Koban": Piece of cake! *click click*
Paimon: Experienced, huh... That must put you at a huge advantage! Is it because you use games in your work?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hmm, I'm not sure it gives me an advantage, per se... The games I use are for clinical purposes, not entertainment.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But if we want that award, we need something a lot more fun. So, my experience only goes so far.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: That reminds me... The Yashiro Commission chose "dreams" as the theme of the competition. Do you think that was targeted at us?
Paimon: Huh, using "dreams" to test a dream-eater... Yeah, it does sound like some kind of challenge...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: They knew we wanted to use this as an opportunity to advertise our game. But, now, it's a competition...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Which means, if we lose, our game will be completely overshadowed by the winner.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: And if we win, she gets a share of the profits as the primary investor... Miss "Fried Tofu With All the Frills" is on the top of her game.
Paimon: Wow... That's a lot of scheming...
"Gyoubu Koban": Mm? Screaming?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: On the other hand, if we do win first place, the prestige will help us get the word out, which should increase the popularity of the bathhouse on Watatsumi Island.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As for Yae Publishing House's sponsorship... As long as we win the competition, we get to decide the terms.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Winner takes all, huh... I suppose it works both ways. This definitely has the Lady Guuji written all over it.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: My guess... is that she's doing all this for the entertainment factor — for fun, basically.
"Gyoubu Koban": Mm! Fun, fun! Gyoubu Koban likes fun!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Heh, well said. I suppose that's the purpose of a game, after all. For now, let's focus on making our game the best it can be.
Paimon: Good idea! So, what kind of game are you gonna make?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: We're calling it, "A Little Fox's Daydream." Basically, you play as a fox navigating between sweet dreams and nightmares in search of delicious fried tofu.
Traveler: I think I might know who the "little fox" is supposed to be...
Paimon: Yeah, looks like that fox takes some inspiration from, uh... real life...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Well, the design was Miss Mizuki's idea, but I'm completely on board. Sometimes, the only way to meet a challenge is with a challenge of your own.
Traveler: (Fighting fire with fire, huh...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's the definition of fun, don't you think? So, wanna give it a try?
Traveler: Sure!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Wonderful! Right this way...
Traveler: Next time for sure.
"Gyoubu Koban": Next time, next time! That's a promise!