# Talk Dialog

Phonia: An honor to see you again, Honorary Knight. As you can see, the Knights are currently piloting Wargaming simulations. If you can spare the time, we hope you can assist us in completing the testing.
Traveler: I remember you...
Phonia: Phonia's the name. Former Investigative Team Signals Officer, responsible for testing alchemical recon instruments developed by Captain Albedo. Presently, I'm the 7th Company's Intelligence Officer, and also the one who proposed this Wargame.
Traveler: Ah, I remember now! You were the one by Cider Lake...
Phonia: Yes. My thanks for your assistance in the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation, as well as your participation in Su Ding's Wargame of Five Armies, Honorary Knight.
Phonia: Still, I'm just an ordinary "cog" in the Knights of Favonius "machine," so I'm honored that you remember me at all.
Traveler: I'm sorry, but I really don't remember you...
Phonia: It's alright. I'm just an ordinary "cog" in the Knights of Favonius "machine." There's no need to spend too much time remembering my name.
Phonia: In any case, you have my thanks for your assistance in the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation, as well as your participation in Su Ding's Wargame of Five Armies, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: So, about this Wargame...
Phonia: Following that last joint Wargame, I referenced the methods of the Millelith General Staff to make monster chess pieces, which will be used to simulate fights between them. This will assist us in discovering the best ways of dealing with said monsters.
Phonia: It's just that I've expanded the variety of pieces based on intel received from our expedition force, such that we can simulate different combat environments.
Phonia: If we get the chance to work together again, the Knights of Favonius will share this intel with our neighboring nations, in the interest of enhancing our common security.
Traveler: I see some rare creatures indeed...
Phonia: And that is thanks to the expedition force. I doubt my imagination would have sufficed without the intel they brought back.
Phonia: Gathering intel has always been one of the most important components of our tactics, and it is also one of the most effective ways to avoid unnecessary casualties.
Phonia: It was five hundred years ago that Grand Master Arundolyn said thusly...
Phonia: Ah, sorry. I got off-topic. In any case, these game pieces were created based on the intel we gathered, and they should be enough to simulate the monsters' true abilities.
Phonia: In any case, I've applied for permission from the Acting Grand Master. Everyone is free to take part in these simulations, and all participants will be entitled to a thank-you gift.
Phonia: So if you have the time, Honorary Knight, I personally hope that you, too, will take part in our simulations. After all, I doubt that there are many in Mondstadt who know more about monsters than you do.
Traveler: I see. I'll give it a go when I have time, then.
Phonia: My thanks. We've already prepared the board, so we can begin at any time. Just as before, I look forward to learning from your commanding performance, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: You say that everyone can participate... Could you elaborate a bit?
Phonia: The battlefield brims with uncertainty. No matter how thorough the investigation, the fog of war, which no wind can disperse, will still shroud about three-quarters of it.
Phonia: As such, the more participants we get, the more likely we can simulate even the most unpredictable of monster behavior patterns.
Phonia: All strategy and theory can only be based on real tactical results. No matter what the battle situation, only the success of our strategies can determine victory or defeat.
Phonia: Such simulations help to expose our weaknesses, such that we Knights can improve them in real future combat scenarios.
Traveler: I don't get it... But I just need to play, right?
Phonia: Precisely. Analyzing the simulation results is an intelligence officer's duty, Honorary Knight. You, as the commander, do not have to fret over these details — simply command.
Phonia: During the previous joint Wargame, Turenna of Fontaine's Special Security and Surveillance Patrol mentioned a saying — "Fontaine expects that everyone will do their duty"...
Phonia: It seems to have been a famous quote from a naval commander of theirs from long ago — a most outstanding figure indeed. I am in full agreement with this view, and it applies to us Knights too, in a sense.
Phonia: From commander to soldier, so long as every "cog" in the "machine" fulfills its duty, operating in perfect accordance with orders given, we should be sufficient to ensure Mondstadt's security.
Phonia: *sigh* If only Ematol could understand this simple principle, she wouldn't give me a headache from making noise all day long...
Phonia: Well, at any rate, we've already prepared the board, so we can begin at any time. Just as before, I look forward to learning some techniques from you, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: Speaking of which, you did mention a weakness previously...
Phonia: That's right — you have an excellent memory, Honorary Knight. Our previous joint Wargame exposed our lack of strong ranged combat capabilities.
Phonia: It is difficult for our projectiles to hit highly-armored targets at a distance, but if they get close, we lose the positional advantages granted by our alchemical recon equipment.
Phonia: To solve this, I have asked the Acting Grand Master to put Ematol into the 7th Company to develop miniature explosive arrowheads or similar substitutes.
Phonia: Frankly speaking, I don't have any clue how far she's gotten, but as long as she doesn't blow my house up, I couldn't care less if she blew herself sky-high. Wouldn't be the first time she's done that.
Phonia: In terms of results, at least she's not over at Cider Lake tinkering with her bombs day-in and day-out, so that's a mental health positive for me... Even though she's still terribly noisy.
Traveler: I didn't expect you to be interested in Wargames...
Phonia: ...Ahem. I fear I must correct you, Honorary Knight. This is not merely a "Wargame," but tactical training, which I must — with the utmost enthusiasm — recommend to my fellow Knights.
Phonia: This... This is a serious measure taken to achieve a serious goal, not a mere "interest." A "cog" like myself does not have any "interests"...
Traveler: Well, I'll leave you to it then. See you.
Phonia: Don't worry, you weren't disturbing me either way. If there is anything I can help with, or if there's any intel you need me to gather, you need only ask, Honorary Knight.