# Talk Dialog

Kuroyume: Gah... I must confess, I am somewhat confused. Both of us bring happiness to humans now. Why must you still treat me as your enemy?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Because the happiness you provide is a lie. All you do is make them forget that their negative emotions exist, and now they're living under the illusion that they're gone for good.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: All the while, these repressed feelings continue to fester in their subconscious, eventually becoming nightmares intense enough to become your home.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Your kind has always thrived by magnifying your hosts' negative emotions for your own gain. What you're doing now is no different from what you've always done.
Kuroyume: Incorrect... This time, I shall change the fate of my entire kind!
Kuroyume: When a human becomes dominated by their negative emotions, they lose their ability to survive. That is how my kin died out.
Kuroyume: But I can give them a fantasy instead, turning them into the perfect hosts, capable of surviving no matter how dire the situation in their subconscious gets.
Kuroyume: This is the path to our revival! My kin shall rise again!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...You do realize what that means, don't you? You've just gone from one extreme to the other.
Kuroyume: Oh, I am perfectly aware. There is nothing you can say that I do not already know... For over all the years that your kind has been learning about the human mind, I have been hiding here, watching, and learning from the fruits of your labor.
Kuroyume: But I'm afraid I could not care less for the moral burdens that you impose upon yourselves. The health of the human psyche is of precisely zero interest to me.
Kuroyume: Now, here is a question well worth thinking about... If we allowed the humans themselves to decide, which of us would they really choose? You? Or me?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...
Kuroyume: Do you see now? I won this battle long before you ever set foot inside this dream!
Paimon: Aaah, what's going on!?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: He's growing stronger... But we've exhausted the power of the sweet dreams already...
Traveler: So we need more sweet dreams then?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Even if we could find more sweet dreams now, it still wouldn't be enough... Ugh!
Kuroyume: If you accept that negative emotions are an immutable presence in the human mind, then you must also know that such emotions include apathy and sloth.
Kuroyume: Without the yumekui-baku there to hold their hand and walk them through dream regulation therapy, do you honestly think that anyone would ever be inclined to embrace their negative emotions?
Kuroyume: No, they would sooner run from reality, to forget all about their troubles, and live inside an illusion!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But, the whole reason I wanted to become a psychologist...
Traveler: Mizuki!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: These feelings... So that's how they should taste?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Longing, caused by separation... So bitter, and yet the experience led to a whole new journey for you. If you keep pressing on, maybe even more precious memories await...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Despair, caused by failure... Icy-cold, and yet in conquering this despair you gained the courage to face the lightning.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Regret, caused by missed opportunity... A harsh aftertaste, and yet it's only through that loss that we can learn to appreciate everything we have.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: And after all these flavors comes... sweetness, passion, and refreshed hope. So, that's why I was able to taste a sweet dream at our first meeting...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Long before you ever met me, you'd already gained the courage to never avoid or run away from your feelings... And all your nightmares had become the fuel for sweeter dreams.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The power that you have gained by processing everything from your long journey is surely far stronger than any power wielded by that creature.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The whole reason I wanted to become a psychologist... was to try and help people become someone like you.