# Talk Dialog

Xianyun: Ah, it's you. Come, sit, and enjoy some tea — it's not often that we meet in this manner.
Traveler: So, I hear you're a "Master of Masters" now?
Paimon: Yeah! The way adepti measure time, it hasn't been that long since you took Shuyu in, right? And now she's got a student of her own.
Xianyun: Haha. One would ascribe that more to that child's sense of courtesy. Any who instructs him, he recognizes with the title "Master."
Xianyun: One's original intent was to provide Shuyu with a playmate.
Xianyun: It has come to one's notice, after all, that Shuyu's peers in Liyue Harbor have friends to accompany them in leisure and share in their interests. Which is a most excellent thing, of course.
Xianyun: But Mt. Aocang is no bustling mortal city with children her age to be found living nearby, and so on occasion one grew concerned that she might be afflicted by loneliness.
Xianyun: One was thus pleased to see that young fellow come forth with such deference, and have agreeable conversation with Shuyu.
Xianyun: It is somewhat a pity that he is so overly focused, and has never proactively spoken of anything apart from beetle combat or the mechanical arts.
Paimon: Good point. Grandmaster Hanakado's never talked about anything but beetle battles with us either. It's almost like he's some sort of... professional competitor?
Xianyun: And to hone one's skills without distraction is praiseworthy also. That is why one had Shuyu instruct him in the basics and focus on small devices that can be applied to beetle combat, such as Bloom Pruner.
Xianyun: It is said that teaching others is a way to test one's own knowledge. In this way, Shuyu has someone to converse with, and also a means to reinforce her own understanding. Two birds, one stone.
Xianyun: And if that makes me a "Master of Masters," then it is not a title ill-given.
Traveler: So, about studying the mechanical arts...
Xianyun: What, has your interest been roused?
Paimon: Well, we're just curious. We have used quite a few of your devices in the past, after all. Is learning this stuff hard?
Xianyun: The principles behind adeptal mechanisms, their material requirements, and the capabilities that power them... These all have strict requirements. A mortal artisan would just as soon touch the skies as imitate them.
Xianyun: Even those as widely-read as yourselves might struggle for a time to comprehend such concepts as "dynamic axes," "force transmission," and "component cycling."
Traveler: The jargon alone is enough to give me a headache...
Paimon: Yeah, you're scaring Paimon already. Everything about mechanisms sounds super complicated!
Xianyun: Do not fret. All have their specialties — one has never met a person who boasted true mastery in all matters.
Xianyun: That said, on the matter of the mechanical arts we were just discussing... That young lad counts as an exception.
Xianyun: Of course, he cannot use any adeptal powers. Thus, he must first learn the principles of mortal artisanry and from there build a foundation. And once he has, in latter days, built devices at the zenith of mortal ability, he might then install an adeptal power core into such a machine.
Xianyun: He might be able to achieve what he seeks that way, one thinks.
Xianyun: To master pure adeptal arts, unless one is a true prodigy, will surely take a hundred years at the very least. Even the mastery of mortal machines, coupled with an adeptal power core, will only result in his ideal device being constructed after three to five decades of dedicated study.
Paimon: ...That long? Even studying every single day?
Xianyun: Hah! Only those willing to meditate on their studies in silence shall comprehend the truth!
Xianyun: Not that one could imagine the two of you sitting still in a classroom, poring over textbooks day in and day out.
Traveler: I couldn't either — not right now, anyway...
Paimon: Yeah. There's still a ton of places out there, waiting for us to explore them... We'll leave the making of complicated machines to people with the talent and patience for that!
Paimon: Let's just hope Grandmaster Hanakado's a real genius... We wouldn't want him to be a white-haired old man by the time he finishes learning the mechanical arts...
Paimon: Hang on a sec, isn't Itto's hair already white anyway?
Traveler: I still prefer traveling and adventuring!
Traveler: Those who don't make things certainly wouldn't be familiar with those ideas...
Traveler: Nice! Adeptus-made tea!
Paimon: Hehe, thanks a lot, Adeptus Cloud Retainer!
Xianyun: Heh. No need to be so formal in one's presence.
Black Screen Text: You and Paimon enjoy the exquisite tea that Xianyun has prepared. You find your spirits lifted and your fatigue dispelled by the drink...