# Talk Dialog

Zhongli: Oh? You're here.
Zhongli: I do apologize, another matter was occupying my mind just now.
Traveler: What are you looking at?
Zhongli: Hanfeng's Ironmongers has a long history. Ownership has been passed down from generation to generation, and today it is known as the most reputable blacksmith in the land.
Zhongli: The art of forging prizes precision and diligence. The tasks of forging weapons and processing ore require a great deal of time and patience.
Zhongli: To most, the sound of iron being struck with a hammer is loud and intrusive. But to those who appreciate this art form, it is like the toll of a bell. Breathtaking, and transfixing.
Zhongli: The sound of metal clashing with metal causes one to fall quiet, calms one's spirit, focuses one's attention, and then, with a mind emptied of unwanted thoughts, devote oneself fully to the work at hand.
Traveler: It sounds like you are talented at forging, too.
Zhongli: Any talent I possess comes not from natural inclination, but out of necessity. In times of war, weapons are indispensable equipment, and highly sought after.
Zhongli: The wondrous ley lines of Liyue produce all manner of exquisite ore. It follows naturally that distinguished artisans and prized wares arise in response.
Zhongli: But I have always thought that a craftsman's ingenuity is far more valuable than any precious stone. The most accomplished in their craft do not limit themselves to working exclusively with rare ores.
Traveler: Tell me more about famous Liyue craftspeople.
Zhongli: Well, Traveler... After your long sojourn in Liyue, I trust you will have heard of the houses of Kun and Yun?
Zhongli: The house of Kun is a long-established name in the art of forging. To this day, their descendants continue their craft.
Zhongli: The house of Yun did not limit themselves to this craft. They branched out into many different disciplines and districts. Their descendants today still uphold the work ethic taught within their family for generations: "Even ostensible perfection can oft be improved upon through diligence." This has contributed towards their excellence in numerous fields.
Traveler: Wait... Is this the same "Yun" as in "Yun Jin"?
Zhongli: Ah, so you are acquainted with Miss Yun. Yes, the talented Yun Jin of Liyue operatic fame is indeed a descendant of the historic house of Yun.
Zhongli: Her ancestors changed professions long ago. It was her father's generation that dedicated themselves to the performing arts. In this day and age, the Yun family's history has been forgotten, and nobody knows of the connection they once had to the art of forging.
Zhongli: The evolution of families over the ages has been a profound force in shaping Liyue's history. While you're here, if you have the time, you may find learning about the human history of Liyue to be illuminating.
Traveler: It seems I still have a lot to learn.
Zhongli: Much that you might want to know can be found in books.
Zhongli: Even books change over the generations, causing discrepancies between their contents and the historical facts. But books can function as a mirror for humanity. Reading is the noblest of pastimes — there is always some benefit to be derived.