# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Would you like to have a chat with me?
Kachina: Sure! I'm not the chattiest person in the world though — not like Mualani... I hope that's okay?
Kachina: Uh... but, um... yeah! I can just listen, mostly! Whatever you want to talk about, it's fine with me!
Traveler: You really are the nervous type, huh?
Kachina: Uhh... Yeah, guilty as charged.
Kachina: I've failed so many times in the past, I'm constantly worried about messing things up again...
Kachina: I wish I could get everything right... I mean, not like a hero, or anything. I just... really want to live up to people's expectations.
Kachina: Oh! That reminds me, you've had a lot of amazing experiences...
Kachina: Do you ever get nervous? When you're in new place, or facing a new enemy?
Traveler: Of course I do. It's a perfectly normal response.
Kachina: Wait. You too? I thought I only felt that way because I'm weak...
Kachina: It's such a relief to hear you say that. I guess I've just been scaring myself silly all along, huh?
Kachina: Oh, or... maybe we're talking about different things. I mean, I get nervous-nervous, and maybe with you, you're just... anxious to appear modest?
Traveler: Nah. Everyone gets nervous. Sometimes, you've just got to roll with it.
Kachina: Roll with it... Hehe, that kinda makes sense! It's so simple when you put it like that.
Kachina: For me, being nervous is pretty much the default.
Kachina: But... I think I get what you mean. Maybe one day, I'll be able to be at peace with my nerves, just like you.
Kachina: Whoops — this was supposed be a light-hearted chat, but it's ended up being another mentoring session... Sorry, this always happens, doesn't it...
Kachina: If there's anything that I can do for you, please let me know!
Traveler: Not really. I'm used to it by now.
Kachina: I knew it! That's what makes you a real hero — staying calm, controlled, and rational whatever the situation.
Kachina: I guess I've just got to keep practicing so I get used to it too. Just like with my dancing!
Traveler: That's right. One step at a time, at your own pace — just like dancing!
Kachina: Exactly! I just need to go on a few more adventures... and get a few more wins under my belt... and then I'm sure to be less nervous.
Kachina: Would you mind taking me with you on some more adventures? Or... sharing some of your experiences with me in your spare time? I'll do my best to learn, and I'll definitely find some way to repay you!