# Talk Dialog

Old Notes: (On the title page is a name in big letters: Shafaqat.)
Traveler: Flip to the front.
Old Notes: "In the past, when I was in the Akademiya, everyone would politely call me 'Teacher' or 'Sir.' After I got here, none visited my hut save for the children, and they all called me Uncle Shafaqat."
Old Notes: "Heh. Titles change with circumstances, I suppose. Since no one knows me here in this village, why don't I leave my life as a researcher behind and dedicate myself to farming instead?"
Traveler: Next page.
Old Notes: "I have no regrets in following my own beliefs, nor did I keep a diary out of introspection."
Old Notes: "I recall peeking at my daughter's diary before my exile. She said angrily that whoever read her diary would turn into a frog. Ribbit, ribbit... I rather miss her."
Traveler: Flip to the middle.
Old Notes: "I resumed growing crops, as I did back when I was a student. In the past, I made lab assistants do all the menial work, but now I have to do it all myself, and to be honest, it isn't too bad."
Old Notes: "To grow fruits and plants, I plowed vacant plots and made some fertilizer myself. They are, of course, not as good as the fine goods sold in Sumeru City, but well, these cost no Mora."
Old Notes: "The children love to come visit, and I'm delighted to have company. No research goals, no meetings, and just eating what you grow... I'm really turning into a certified farmer."
Old Notes: "Whether I want it to or not, my old life won't come back."
Traveler: Next page.
Old Notes: "To researchers, exile is truly a cruel punishment that renders decades of hard work meaningless. I can never return to Sumeru City, my labs, or my books again. Only endless labor awaits me."
Old Notes: "The environment here is harsh, and while Sumeru Roses would cover every inch of Sumeru City during the Sabzeruz Festival, not a single petal can be seen here. It's just sand and more sand, as far as the eye can see."
Traveler: Flip to the back.
Old Notes: "I never fulfilled any of my youthful aspirations. I wished to realize projects that would be remembered for generations, but everything has been lost to the sands."
Old Notes: "I also don't know what's become of my family. Decades have gone by. My child is now probably a wife or mother."
Old Notes: "In my only memories of my daughter, she is as cute as the children in the village, but what does she look like now? I can't picture it at all. I can't help but think of her when I see other children, and it brings me great sorrow."
Old Notes: "I hate children."
Old Notes: "My work was discredited, and my name became a family taboo... This is how they punish exiles. Other than a physical body doomed to rot, all I've got is the Golden Rose I spent so much time and effort cultivating."
Old Notes: "And when I'm gone, there shall be no one left to take care of them."
Traveler: Next page.
Old Notes: "Everyone dies... And I wish, before I depart, to do a final meaningful deed, which is to scatter Golden Rose seeds in the desert. The shifting sands and animals will whisk them away, even to the furthest corners of the desert."
Old Notes: "I hope they will have a chance to take root and bloom in these endless sands. My selfish wish is for them to leave a mark upon this world on my behalf."
Old Notes: "Even if my body and all memories of me were to disappear, I'll continue to live on as long as the roses remain. Too bad I didn't have the time or opportunity to ask the villagers to grow these roses on a large scale."
Old Notes: "Fortunately, the hard shells should suffice to protect the seeds in their slumber. Then, they shall sleep. Yes, they shall begin their slumber alongside me."
Old Notes: "Rose, oh roses, grant me my wish."
Old Notes: "Blooming from the stone, the Golden Rose sang to me."
Old Notes: "She sang:"
Old Notes: "No land but folk songs bore my spirit."
Old Notes: "Songs shall defy my fate, and overcome my destiny."
Old Notes: "They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life."