# Talk Dialog

Xiangling: #Traveler, it's you! Long time no see! Funny, I just mentioned you to Guoba yesterday, and here we are.
Xiangling: I guess that's what they call "fate," huh?
Xiangling: Ah, right. Where are you headed?
Traveler: I was going to take a picture of this bridge.
Xiangling: Photo-taking? Ooh, that's a coincidence. I've taken an interest in that lately myself.
Xiangling: We've been using the same poster at the restaurant for so long. It's high time we got a new one.
Xiangling: I've been thinking that we could draw passersby in more easily with some beautiful shots of our dishes.
Xiangling: As the old saying goes: "A fine meal is three parts color, three parts aroma, three parts taste, and one part advertising."
Xiangling: ...Of course, I added that last bit myself.
Xiangling: Dad always talks about the first three — it's as common culinary wisdom as can be.
Traveler: Hardworking as always, huh, Xiangling?
Xiangling: Hehe. Thanks!
Xiangling: Finding rare ingredients, creating new dishes, learning how to advertise... I've still got a long way to go in my culinary journey.
Xiangling: Haha, now that you mention it, it's been a long time since our first meeting, hasn't it?
Xiangling: But many things have stayed the same, too, haven't they? You're still traveling, and I'm still coming up with new dishes.
Xiangling: It's my goal not only to keep Wanmin Restaurant open, but to make it better and better.
Xiangling: So long as I've got strength in my arms, I'll be stir-frying and wok-tossing even when I'm an old granny, delivering delicious, piping hot dishes from pot to plate.
Xiangling: Remember to stop by for a meal more often, alright?
Traveler: I will.
Xiangling: Alright then, it's a deal!
Xiangling: Ah, right, I'm kinda getting off-topic here. You were talking about taking some pictures, right? Need any help?
Traveler: Yup. Step into the frame, please!
Xiangling: Oh, sure, that's a piece of cake! What pose should I do?
Traveler: Let's have a normal pose.
Xiangling: Like this?
Traveler: Awesome. Say cheese!
Xiangling: I'm ready.
Traveler: The fun pose might work better.
Xiangling: Sure, let's go with that!
Traveler: Let's go with the joyful pose instead, shall we?
Xiangling: Sure, let's go with that!
Traveler: Let's roll with the normal pose instead.
Xiangling: Sure!
Traveler: A fun pose.
Traveler: A joyful pose.
Traveler: We'll see.
Xiangling: Haha, are you worried that you won't be able to walk over by then?
Xiangling: If that's the case, just write to me — I'll send you some food that keeps easily.
Traveler: Things haven't been too tiring, have they, Xiangling?
Xiangling: No way — if anything, my motivation grows the more I do things I enjoy.
Traveler: I'm looking for people to take photos with.