# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Xianyun: No, in fact, nothing in particular... Mortals are wont to rush from one endeavor to the next, but this is because their lifespan is short. They fear being left behind by their peers if they waste but a little of the time they have.
Xianyun: One... has never felt that kind of distress.
Xianyun: By nature, adepti are not part of the human world. For us, centuries can pass by in a flash. Not to mention that one prefers to focus single mindedly on the study of mechanisms, and tends to not to be distracted by worldly attachments.
Xianyun: Except, perhaps... Hmm, yes... The exception would be one's disciples... One cares for them as if they were one's own children.
Traveler: Then, uh... Why don't we just... chill out and relax?
Xianyun: Hehe... Now that is another of one's areas of expertise.
Xianyun: Very well. In that case, allow one to share with you some rather novel means of relaxation.
Traveler: You mean... there's an art to it?
Xianyun: There is indeed. One has quite the compilation of methods right here. Behold:
Xianyun: "Play mahjong with strangers," "Go to Mt. Hulao to knock on some amber"... Whenever one feels in need of relaxation, one simply draws at random from this collection.
Traveler: Sounds like an odd lottery you have going there...
Xianyun: And what, pray tell, is wrong with a little oddity in service of relaxation and fun?
Xianyun: And of course, if you have other suggestions on novel ways to relax, one is all ears.
Traveler: For today... I just want to zone out.
Xianyun: Hmm, there is certainly merit to simply letting the mind wander freely. In idleness, we often find sparks of inspiration that might otherwise go unnoticed.
Xianyun: Still, one is at something of a loss regarding where to best partake in such an activity within this teapot...
Xianyun: You can change the scenery here at will to suit your mood, correct? Then perhaps... could you craft a likeness of Jueyun Karst?
Xianyun: ...No, on second thought, save yourself the trouble. Let us pay a visit to the real Jueyun Karst. Would you care to soar the skies by one's side? One could easily make that happen with one's mastery over wind and cloud.
Traveler: Sounds good to me.
Xianyun: Then it is decided. One needs just a moment to make a plan and retrieve a mechanism or two, and then we shall be on our way!
Traveler: For today... I just want to not think about anything.
Traveler: I've already done quite a few of these things.
Xianyun: Oh? Would you care to share your thoughts on the experience? One is quite curious.