# Talk Dialog

Yae Miko: Hmm... Most impressive, I must say...
Paimon: Miko, what brings you here?
Yae Miko: Ah, there you are... I heard a rumor that you were about to be kidnapped. Naturally, I had to come and see it for myself.
Paimon: ...She's joking, right? Paimon can never quite tell with her.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Miko. It's been a while.
Traveler: You know each other?
Yae Miko: She never mentioned? Interesting... We've known each other since before I became the Guuji. I've told her all about you... but it sounds like she's forgotten all about me.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #You'll have to forgive me. I just didn't want to scare Traveler off... and "Hi, I'm Miko's friend" seemed like a sure-fire way to do that.
Paimon: Pff...
Traveler: Truth...
Yae Miko: Ah, I've missed your way with words.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, Lady Guuji. To what do we owe the honor?
Yae Miko: Why, I simply came to see the business that my dear friend has invested in... Oh, and also to urge you to sell your shares before their value plummets to nothing.
Yae Miko: You could always invest in the Yae Publishing House, you know... Business is always booming. You only need to ask.
Paimon: Sounds serious... But what's wrong? Are the shares really gonna plummet to nothing?
Yae Miko: Hasn't she told you? ...Tsk, of course. She's your therapist — she has the perfect excuse to never open up.
Yae Miko: The Aisa Bathhouse used to be very popular — although not because of the hot springs, despite the name. Their main selling point has always been the psychotherapy services offered by the baku.
Yae Miko: But recently, a competitor cropped up... His name is Emura Ichigensai. He operates right here on Narukami Island, and his methods are said to be quite revolutionary.
Yae Miko: Since he provides a similar service to the bathhouse and boasts even better results, he was able to poach their entire clientele in just a matter of days.
Yae Miko: *sigh* It's such a pity to see how empty this place is now.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Miko, my job is to relieve my clients of their burdens — not to share mine with them.
Yae Miko: Of course you'd say that — you're a professional. But no amount of professionalism is going to fix this situation, is it?
Yae Miko: I heard people have been lining up since the early morning for Emura Ichigensai's clinic today — he's seeing patients just west of Inazuma City. And how many patients have you seen today?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Surely you know I'm not going to quit?
Yae Miko: *sigh* ...True, very true.
Paimon: ...So that's it? You're just gonna leave?
Traveler: Aren't you two friends?
Yae Miko: Oh, I'd love to help, little one. But I don't want to upset my old friend.
Paimon: Miko's acting all mysterious again...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I understand why she doesn't want to help. The two of us are technically competitors, after all.
Paimon: Huh?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Light novels are one way for people to pursue happiness in their free time. So are hot springs, and so is therapy.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Miko and I disagree quite significantly over the question of how to make people happy.
Paimon: Paimon is so confused by your friendship...
Traveler: It's definitely a quirky relationship.
Paimon: Paimon's curious though. After today, it's hard to believe that anyone could offer a better therapy service than the yumekui-baku. Which begs the question...
Paimon: Who is this Emura Ichigensai guy, anyway?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Something of a mystery. I tried to look into his background when he first started poaching my customers, but I couldn't find anything.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I suspect he's avoiding me on purpose, since I'm a competitor. In all this time, I haven't even figured out basic things like where he sees his patients.
Paimon: Well, we at least know where he is today though, right? Miko happened to mention it in passing...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's true... But I'm sure he'll find a way to avoid me again if I go looking for him...
Paimon: Then... why don't we go instead? We can pose as potential customers to get information out of him!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As I keep reminding you, this is my problem, not yours...
Traveler: Unless the Aisa Bathhouse ends up having to close...
Paimon: Exactly. You provide an amazing service here, and we want all our friends to experience it as well.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Huh. Well, now it just seems rude if I reject your help... In return, all I can offer is an even better service on your next visit.
Paimon: Sure thing! Just leave this to us!
Traveler: ...In which case, it becomes our problem too.
Traveler: It's definitely a complicated relationship.
Traveler: Aren't you going to help?
Traveler: I wouldn't go that far...