# Talk Dialog

Ioroi: Ooh, it's you. I must confess that this Kimera of yours is very impressive indeed. A true shame it is that you are not a tanuki, or you would be a most great one indeed.
Ioroi: Well, perhaps only half as great as me, though.
Traveler: About scents...
Ioroi: When you first came here, you were aided by a certain someone giving you a bake-danuki meal, yes?
Ioroi: We bake-danuki are skilled at transforming into just about anything. Back when I was competing with that sneaky kitsune, I once transformed myself into Hanamizaka — yes, the whole street! She saw through me, though.
Ioroi: The people of that time knew this as the False Hanamizaka Incident, and even wrote it into a text known as "Kakushin Oobayashi." It should be a most famous tale... Do people nowadays no longer know of it?
Ioroi: Whatever the case, we are too skilled at transforming, and so must rely on scents — auras — to identify each other. There might be cases of mistaken identity otherwise.
Ioroi: That's why I said, how could it not have been that sneaky kitsune who made that meal for you? To be so familiar with us tanuki and even know our magic... There are precious few who can do such things!
Traveler: About training...
Ioroi: When I was around Kichiboushi's age, I traced the footsteps of the great bake-danuki Tsukumo across eighteen famous sites — it was in those places that he showed forth the might of the tanuki, once upon a time.
Ioroi: For example, it is said that he once turned into a festive float team on the path of pilgrimage up Mt. Yougou, singing and dancing as he went. He even transformed himself into Her Excellency. Ah, that was quite the story!
Ioroi: As for the other sites... Tsukumo once transformed into the mighty ancient general, Akuou, at the Mouun Shrine. He called for this shrine maiden... whatever her name was... to come out and see him, making trouble everywhere.
Ioroi: Whatever the case, the little tanuki must not stray from our path — they must train hard to become strong and independent big bake-danuki!
Ioroi: See you.
Ioroi: Take care of yourselves. I leave Kichiboushi in your hands.