# Talk Dialog

Paimon: #Over here, Traveler, over here!
Paimon: Remember this place? It's where our journey began.
Paimon: We've been to so many places since then! Time really flies, huh... Just thinking about it makes Paimon kinda emotional. Ooh, she could write a poem right now!
Traveler: Please, go right ahead, O great bard Paimon~
Traveler: Pfft.
Paimon: Oh, don't interrupt. Let Paimon think...
Paimon: Ah, vast Teyvat!
Paimon: How far have we traveled, yet not seen your full breadth!
Traveler: (Remain silent.)
Traveler: That didn't rhyme at all.
Paimon: Ah! Ah... Huh, and the thought's gone.
Traveler: Hahahaha!
Traveler: Do you mean to reflect on how tough this journey's been?
Paimon: Yeah, yeah, laugh it up. Paimon's used to it by now.
Paimon: That's right! Hehe, you sure know Paimon well.
Paimon: But seriously, it's easy to forget where we started after all this traveling.
Paimon: For example, Paimon can't quite remember what Sweet Madames taste like nowadays, and that was one of her favorite dishes, too...
Paimon: That's why Paimon bought this album in the first place, to take pictures of the places we've been and the people we've met.
Paimon: "The end is close once we get back to where we started." That happens pretty often in light novels and films, doesn't it?
Paimon: That's why we're taking a picture here. Not to feel all sad and stuff, but 'cause we hope to always remember the road we've taken, all the better to tread the road ahead...
Traveler: Have you been eavesdropping on my conversations with Kazuha?
Traveler: What? Paimon is evolving!
Paimon: Well... Yeah, Paimon was listening when you and Kazuha were chatting.
Paimon: C'mon, we were trying to create an atmosphere here — and now it's all gone.
Traveler: Don't worry, I understand what you mean.
Traveler: We'll forge ahead.
Paimon: Hehe, sure, as long as you get it.
Paimon: Alright! Your model for this picture is going to be Teyvat's number one guide! So, what pose would you like to go for?
Paimon: Hey, wait a moment. Where's the Kamera Paimon lent you? Let's check real quick — you'd better not have lost it!