# Talk Dialog

Emura Chuuya: What...?
Paimon: No wonder! Paimon knew something was up the moment we arrived...
Traveler: I knew it.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The enemies that we encountered were manifestations of his negative emotions. That can only happen in a nightmare.
Emura Chuuya: No... That can't be...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That entity claimed it could remove your negative emotions. But all it did was separate them and store them deep in your subconscious beyond your reach. There, they were left to fester.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Your situation is far worse than that of the other victims... It has deceived you at a much deeper level. You can't even perceive that at this very moment, you're in the middle of a nightmare.
Emura Chuuya: Haha... How laughable... Fear? No, there is no fear left in me... This is all just a terrible joke... This is no dream! No... Argh...
Paimon: Something's appeared behind him...
Kuroyume (???): Hahaha... So, my arch-nemesis has seen through my trickery.
Kuroyume (???): Clearly, you came prepared... The emotional cocoon I had wrapped him in was all but impenetrable, yet still you managed to tear it down.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, it IS you... Just as I thought.
Paimon: What is that?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A nightmare monster... A fearsome youkai that was once the bane of Inazuma.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: We yumekui-baku eat the nightmares of humans, while they called those nightmares their home. So, we were natural enemies.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #When I heard Traveler recount that strange dream, I knew that this was a possibility...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But it's still a shock to see one of our long-lost arch-enemies in the flesh. They were supposed to have gone extinct long ago...
Kuroyume: Then allow me to formally introduce myself. My name is Kuroyume, and I am the last of my kind.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Kuroyume... That's a name I haven't heard in a long, long time. How have you survived all these years?
Kuroyume: Likewise, Yumemizuki is a name that takes me back to a different age... Although I must say — we may be born enemies, but I have never felt any great animosity towards you personally.
Kuroyume: Ultimately, the fall of the nightmare-monsters was the fault of our hosts. Humans are such fragile creatures...
Kuroyume: But now, I have found a way to revive my kind, and you are too late to stop me!
Emura Chuuya: Ugh!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh no... We've got to catch up to him!