# Talk Dialog

Traveler: We're here to take some pictures of Sumeru City.
Traveler: We're looking for people to take photos with.
Collei: #Huh? Oh, it's you, Traveler! What's the plan today?
Collei: Ah, photography! True, Akademiya researchers often come here to snap a few shots of the city.
Traveler: Well, aren't you familiar with the Darshans?
Traveler: Take any classes in those Darshans, by any chance?
Collei: Most who do are from Vahumana and Kshahrewar, apparently to study urban infrastructure... and um, architectural history or something like that.
Collei: Not... really. I just know about their research fields and how they set their courses up. I'm still a long way from being a real scholar, though.
Collei: Well, I'm not a student yet, so I can't attend the classes, but Master has introduced some of the basics of their research to me.
Collei: But if you wanted me to take the selection exam... Heh, I doubt I'd pass even the first round of the written test.
Traveler: You'll make it someday.
Traveler: You can do it, Collei!
Collei: I wish I could reach the level of a researcher, of course, but it's still a dream at the moment...
Collei: #Thanks so much, Traveler. Anyway, I'll do my best to learn the basics first!
Collei: Honestly, I'm just happy to learn something new every day.
Collei: And right now, my goal is to be the best Forest Ranger I can be.
Collei: Guiding those who've gotten lost in the rainforest, helping people who've accidentally ingested poison, protecting the rainforest flora and fauna...
Collei: We Forest Rangers do lots of things. Everyone needs me, and I'm more than willing to help!
Collei: I've only done a couple of little things here and there, but still, everyone recognizes my work.
Collei: Guess I'm lucky to have all these people who care about me... and to have made friends with someone as amazing as you.
Traveler: I'm glad that we're friends, Collei.
Traveler: We're both amazing. Don't you forget that!
Traveler: I'd like you to help me with some photos.
Collei: Haha, alright. Anyway, if there's anything I can help you with, just let me know.
Collei: I mean, I've helped Master take some photos of plant samples, but I'm sure you'd need a Kamera to do something like that.
Collei: #Did you bring yours, Traveler?