# Talk Dialog

Yumemizuki Mizuki: Phew... It's finally over. It's a good thing I had the foresight to ask them for help, or I'd be the one dying from indigestion tonight...
Traveler: My good dreams helped, right?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Mhm. They were very delicious.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler, could I pick your brain with another question? What do you think humans tend to have more of, happy dreams, or bad ones?
Traveler: Happy ones?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If only that were true...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Most people struggle to deal with their negative emotions. They bottle them up inside, until they've festered and turned into nightmares.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As a result, humans have far more bad dreams than good ones. And most happy dreams are short and fleeting. They are so rare that it's basically impossible for them to be shared with others.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Heck, there are even people out there who only have the mind space to have happy dreams after they've given us their bad ones...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Which is all to say that the dreams we get to taste are usually bad ones. No matter how hard we try, we can't seem to change this state of affairs.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I once believed that the only reason we yumekui-baku existed was to serve as a disposal method for nightmares. It's a fate that we cannot escape, no matter how many dreams we eat, or how many years pass by...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Even though I call myself a clinical psychologist, I also have dark thoughts sometimes. I suppose that's the only problem I have.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Still, after learning the principles of psychology, I came up with a new way to look at all of this.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If we can use psychotherapy to help people to come to terms with their emotions, they'll gain the ability to deal with their nightmares on their own, so they'll no longer need to call upon us for assistance.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That way, more and more people can free up their minds for truly happy dreams, until there'll be enough to share around.
Traveler: That's a beautiful wish.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Haha, a naive one, more like. Even though I've run this business for quite a long time now, it still hasn't come true — not even once.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, I must thank you. Because after meeting you, I finally became sure that my wish is achievable.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: And knowing that is all the treatment I need against the dark thoughts I sometimes have.
Paimon: There you are! Paimon's been looking everywhere for you two!
Traveler: Paimon...
Paimon: Paimon was just watching the baku eat the nightmares. They got really full, and started rolling around on their tummies. It was sooo cute... Anyway, that's why Paimon fell behind. Got a little distracted watching them, heh.
Paimon: Oh, and speaking of baku, we were gonna book another appointment with you, weren't we? Remember, before we got caught up in all those nightmare shenanigans...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's a little late for that now. Ask me again tomorrow.
Paimon: Oh...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Still, the night is young. Want to stay here and watch the moon with me for a little longer?
Paimon: Huh?
Traveler: Bad dreams?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You've noticed it too, then?