# Talk Dialog

Phonia: We meet again, Honorary Knight. As you can see, the Knights are currently piloting Wargaming simulations. If you can spare the time, we hope you can assist us in completing the testing.
Traveler: Sorry, you are...
Phonia: I'm Phonia, intelligence officer of the reorganized 7th Company, and also the one who proposed this Wargame.
Traveler: Ah, I remember now. You were the one by Cider Lake...
Phonia: Yes. My thanks for your assistance in the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation back then, Honorary Knight.
Phonia: Back then, I was still a Signals Officer of the Investigative Team, responsible for testing alchemical recon instruments developed by Captain Albedo.
Phonia: However, in light of how the Knights of Favonius have updated their tactics and the staffing structure now that some units from the expeditionary force have returned, Captain Albedo applied to have me assigned to the reorganized 7th Company.
Phonia: Regardless, I'm just an ordinary "cog" in the Knights of Favonius "machine." I'm honored that you remember me at all, in fact.
Traveler: I'm sorry, but I really don't remember you...
Phonia: It's alright. I'm just an ordinary "cog" in the Knights of Favonius "machine." There's no need to spend too much time remembering my name.
Phonia: In any case, you have my thanks for your assistance in the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation back then, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: Wargame?
Phonia: Yes. As I'm sure you've seen, the scourge of monsters wandering the wilds remains one of the issues that all nations in Teyvat must deal with.
Phonia: In short, I've drawn inspiration from the Millelith General Staff's previous methods, collating all manner of reports in order to construct this Wargame.
Phonia: By simulating battles between monsters, we can learn the best strategies to defeat them while in a non-combat environment. If you're interested, please give it a try yourself.
Traveler: It looks like... a game of chess?
Phonia: You're certainly right about that. There are indeed similarities between the conduct of Wargames and chess, so the comparison is quite apt.
Phonia: "Playing chess" is enough to help conduct valuable tactical analysis, and that's also where the charm of Wargames lie. You can just think of it as a regular "chess game."
Phonia: In any case, I've applied for permission from the Acting Grand Master. Everyone is free to take part in these simulations, and all participants will be entitled to a thank-you gift.
Phonia: So if you have the time, Honorary Knight, I hope that you, too, will take part in our simulations. After all, I doubt that there are many in Mondstadt who know more about monsters than you do.
Traveler: I see. I'll give it a go when I have time, then.
Phonia: My thanks. We've already prepared the board, so we can begin at any time. I look forward to witnessing a commanding performance from you, Honorary Knight.
Traveler: Everyone can participate?
Phonia: The battlefield brims with uncertainty. No matter how thorough the investigation, the fog of war, which no wind can disperse, will still shroud about three-quarters of it.
Phonia: As such, the more participants we get, the more likely we can simulate even the most unpredictable of monster behavior patterns.
Phonia: All strategy and theory can only be based on real tactical results. No matter what the battle situation, only the success of our strategies can determine victory or defeat.
Phonia: Such simulations help to expose our weaknesses, such that we Knights can improve them in real future combat scenarios.
Traveler: Nice! Clear as mud, though!
Phonia: It's alright. Analyzing the simulation results is an intelligence officer's duty, Honorary Knight. You, as the commander, do not have to fret over these details. Just focus on doing battle.
Traveler: Got it. So I'll play the chess, and you'll do the rest?
Phonia: Precisely. Analyzing the simulation results is an intelligence officer's duty, Honorary Knight. You, as the commander, do not have to fret over these details — simply command.
Traveler: Well, I'll leave you to it then. See you.
Phonia: Then we'll talk more next time, Honorary Knight.