# Talk Dialog

Yumemizuki Mizuki: Holding my hand tight, those lost sensations come back to you...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The feeling of running your hand through falling sakura blossoms, or through a squirrel's fur, or of grabbing a fistful of sand on the beach...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: And as you return from the wilderness, you gradually recover your other senses as well.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: We've reached the end of today's session. Don't get up yet, though — you were just in a very deep sleep, so you're probably still feeling a little groggy. I've switched to a different incense that'll help get rid of your drowsiness.
Paimon: #Yawn... How you getting along, Traveler?
Traveler: Just finished.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: How are you feeling after your session, Paimon?
Paimon: Hmm... Kinda... fresher and more relaxed? It feels... cozy, somehow.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Good — that's exactly how you should feel after having a nightmare eaten. It sounds like the session was quite effective.
Paimon: Oh, for sure! Paimon especially liked how she used the sense of taste to help guide the process.
Paimon: But Paimon was asleep for most of it, so she's not really sure how it all works. Do the yumekui-baku just, like... sneak into your brain and gulp down your bad dreams in one go?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's quite a bit more complicated than that. It deals with people's most visceral emotions, which have to be handled with the utmost care and attention...
Paimon: That sounds super mysterious...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Sorry, that probably made no sense at all. Anyway, don't worry about the details. For your purposes, Paimon, just think of it as Shion gulped your dreams away.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #How are you feeling, Traveler?
Traveler: Just like Paimon described.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Really? Hmm... I still think there's more work to be done...
Paimon: What do you mean?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You have quite a reputation for resilience and positivity. So, I expected to find very few negative emotions in you at all.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But when I was deep in your subconscious earlier, the sheer weight of the emotions hidden there was overwhelming...
Traveler: Eh, I'm sure it's fine...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, even if you've buried those feelings deep enough to hide them from yourself, you can't hide them from a trained psychologist.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But that's not what concerns me the most. Despite all your negative emotions, I couldn't find a single bad dream. So I just gave your mood a boost for now.
Paimon: #Huh. Well... maybe {F#s}he's just an eternal optimist at heart?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Optimist or not, everyone has bad dreams. Maybe they're just hidden even deeper in your mind... You're a unique case, as I suspected.
Paimon: #But {F#s}he said {F#s}he feels cozy, just like Paimon. So whatever you did, the treatment worked!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: True, but as a clinician, I would have hoped to reach a better understanding of my patient.
Traveler: Sounds like you want to keep researching me?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Fine by me, as long as you can put up with a daily nap while holding my hand.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Anyway, all jokes aside, it's time for you to try out the hot springs. Your mind has had the chance to de-stress, now it's time to do the same for your body.
Paimon: Ooh, that sounds good... Paimon's feeling relaxed already.
Paimon: You know, this place provides a really great service. It's such a shame that you can't find more customers.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Don't start worrying about our bottom line again, or my work so far will count for nothing... Look — as long as we keep providing a great customer experience, we're sure to attract more business eventually.
Paimon: Hmm... If you say so.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #I think Traveler's recovered from the therapy session now. Let's head to the hot springs.
Traveler: I... do have quite a lot of baggage from my past...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Yes. You certainly do.
Traveler: Cozy.