# Talk Dialog

Su Ding: Thanks to your wargaming, most excellent commander, we've been able to compile a variety of different manuals that will provide great scenario-based training for soldiers of all ranks and specialisms. We are truly in your debt!
Traveler: I forgot to ask, you mentioned the Millelith General Staff...
Su Ding: Oh, that's just what we tend to call it. After all, it hasn't actually been around that long.
Su Ding: After the battle with Beisht, Lady Yuheng conferred with the other Qixing officers and decided it was high time to reorganize the Millelith's chain of command.
Su Ding: Liyue's had no lack of military advisers since ancient times, but most commander-strategists would work alone. The wisdom and influence that any one individual can bring to bear is, in truth, very limited.
Su Ding: Based on intel gathered from all over Teyvat, Lady Yuheng established this department as a way of bringing consultants and advisers together, streamlining the process of divvying up work.
Su Ding: This way, advisers will get to analyze more accurate intel so that the battle plans they create can be as watertight as possible. They'll also be able to hand over their findings to the troops with greater precision.
Traveler: Not sure I understand...
Su Ding: It's alright. Given your status, I suspect Lady Yuheng will explain it all to you in terms both comprehensive and comprehensible the next time you see her.
Su Ding: I also hope our intel will prove useful to you too, someday.
Traveler: Ah, I see...
Traveler: Actually... What's "scenario-based training"?
Su Ding: It's a concept that the Lady Yuheng has been promoting, a product of synthesizing intel from multiple sources...
Su Ding: You can see it as a tool to help facilitate comprehensive assessment and training. It allows us to test a soldier's ability to organize, deploy, and command military forces from a variety of different angles.
Su Ding: The manuals might make for dense reading, though. The assessment process is stricter than with these tabletop Wargames, but there's much to be gained from running through the scenarios.
Traveler: That genuinely sounds very useful...
Su Ding: As the saying goes, "a talented commander never passes up an opportunity to hone their skills." All those soldiers' tales of your heroism are true!
Su Ding: Anyway, back to what we were talking about. Based on how these Wargames have panned out, writing up all the scenarios will likely be slow-going. I'll do my best, though.
Traveler: I think I'll pass...
Su Ding: No matter. I've heard that you've had a lot of very important things on your plate recently. Maybe you'll be willing to come try it out when you have the time.
Traveler: Very well, I'll leave you to it.
Su Ding: See you next time!