# Talk Dialog

Ajilenakh Dash: It's not fair! How come we only get one shot at this!?
Traveler: What are you talking about?
Ajilenakh Dash: I'm talking about the competition! Why is it that I'm not allowed to continue after losing just one match!?
Ajilenakh Dash: I can still fight! Everyone's waiting to play with the Fungi that I should be bringing home!
Paimon: You have to make it through the preliminary round to be able to continue... Didn't you know that?
Paimon: It feels like you signed up out of passion and didn't read the rules at all...
Traveler: That's very unfortunate.
Paimon: Whatever the case, you already did your best and there's no point in looking back. It'd be better if you just relaxed with your Fungi.
Paimon: Don't you have a bunch of underlings? Why don't you have them make friends with your Fungi and go on a picnic or an adventure...?
Paimon: Erm, never mind about the adventure part. It's too dangerous for them.
Ajilenakh Dash: Hey, you're right! I never got a chance to introduce the members to my Fungi!
Ajilenakh Dash: Two of them even had the nerve to disguise themselves as competitors and try to steal the "most obedient Fungi foretold in the legends" or something... Good thing they didn't get in trouble for it!
Ajilenakh Dash: They could've just played with my Fungi!
Traveler: Why does that sound familiar...?
Paimon: Hehe, see? Isn't this better? There's no need to feel bad about it!
Traveler: Your underlings won't blame you.
Ajilenakh Dash: But... I'm their boss... I'm the only one that qualified for the competition... I'm their only hope!
Ajilenakh Dash: In the past, we've always had to avoid the Fungi. We didn't dare get too close to them, even though some of them were really cute. Everyone was hoping that I would be able to tame a few as our gang mascots...
Ajilenakh Dash: But I failed... It's all over now...
Paimon: Then you should really hurry up, shouldn't you? You should let your members spend as much time as they can with your Fungi, right?
Paimon: Even though only the quarter-finalists are allowed to keep their Fungi after the competition, the competition isn't over yet. You still get to keep your orb and companions for a little longer!
Paimon: Learn what you can from your loss and fulfill your promise in the next season!
Ajilenakh Dash: Wait, you're right!
Ajilenakh Dash: I never expected this White Flying Mushroom could be so smart! Thank...
Traveler: You're welcome.
Paimon: You're very welcome!
Ajilenakh Dash: Erm... it still doesn't feel right to say it!
Ajilenakh Dash: You two! I'll let you off the hook this time! You just make sure you win the whole competition!
Ajilenakh Dash: That way, when I defeat you guys next time, I'll become the most popular competitor!
Paimon: Paimon can't tell if she's trying to be funny or irritating...
Paimon: Oh alright, you have a deal! Make sure you get stronger before we meet again in the arena!
Traveler: Goodbye...
Ajilenakh Dash: *sigh* ...I suppose feeling down isn't gonna solve anything. I need to pick myself up and get back to my members... I'll see you guys around!