# Talk Dialog

Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament quarter-finals are approaching. Things are heating up! Audience members and competitors, please show us your excitement!"
Traveler: Most Liked Comment
Message Board: "To be honest, even though the competitions are exciting, the Fungi's abilities should really be applied in other areas as well. For example, they should be used to escort caravans or to guard the city."
Message Board: "If that happens, a lot of the pressure will be taken off the Corps of Thirty, and merchants wouldn't need to spend so much money on hiring bodyguards."
Message Board: "Goods might even become cheaper when the cost decreases! After all, I'm sure the merchants factor the cost of hiring bodyguards into the sale price of the goods. We, the customers, are the ones that pay for it."
Message Board: "So I think it's safe to say that it could be very beneficial for us ordinary people if this event were to become even more popular!"
Traveler: Most Disliked Comment
Message Board: "I recommend banning the use of Stretchy Geo Fungi! The skills on that type of Fungus are way too strong!"
Message Board: "Launching an entire team of Fungi in an instant is way too overpowered!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Haha, I can tell that you're an amateur from your comment! The strong abilities of Stretchy Geo Fungi come at a cost — the skill can't be used frequently in combat, and Stretchy Geo Fungi can easily be focused down!"
Message Board: "If you use proper team composition, you'll be able to limit the Stretchy Geo Fungi's combat capabilities!"
Traveler: Most Interesting Comment
Message Board: "Kautilya, when are you gonna pay me back the money you owe me!?"
Message Board: "Don't tell me you forgot about the 3,500 Mora you asked me for five years ago to pay for the medical supplies!"
Message Board: "Don't you go ignoring a student who've run errands for you for years now that you're a big and successful researcher with a powerful sponsor!"
Message Board: (There seem to be responses to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Is this true? This is an accusation against someone important on the staff!"
Message Board: (There seems to be an official response to this particular comment...)
Message Board: "Reminder from the Nilotpala Cup staff: This comment is not in violation and is within the parameters of the 'Friendly Comments' regulations. This comment will not be deleted."
Traveler: Leave.