# Talk Dialog

Sefana: *sigh* Is this... the power of darkness?
Sefana: Such terrible strength... resistance may as well be futile...
Sorush: Pull yourself together, Sefana! What is with all this fear and trembling?
Sefana: Wait, do my eyes deceive me? ... It's you, Sister Sorush! You're back!
Sefana: Ah, the Sunyata Flowers are saved... I've been waiting for so long, and hope has finally arrived!
Sefana: You won't suddenly leave again, will you? You won't be gone for a long, long time, right? Right?
Sorush: #Cease your fretting, Sefana. My comings and goings are of no importance. What is important is that I and my Yasnapati, Traveler, have come to make up for your failings.
Sorush: I pursue the great task of extinguishing the Sign of Apaosha, and shall surely eliminate this dark corrosion and rescue all our flower ponds. But remember, Sefana, this was on account of your failings!
Sefana: I... I know it's my fault...
Paimon: Huh, so Sefana calls Sorush "Sister"... But don't you think this big sister is too strict? Ugh, she's so unlovable...
Sorush: Such immaturity! It is the duty of one senior to give pointers to their juniors. How can I speak softly to them in the face of such errors?
Sefana: That... That's right! Sister Sorush has always taken good care of me...
Sefana: The words Sister Sorush said before the Sunyata Flower... "I shall be Simurgh's equal"... They encouraged me more than any teachings might.
Sefana: From that day on, I have believed that her will was most commendable.
Sefana: That's why I decided to follow the human custom of addressing one's elders when it comes to her, to show my respect!
Paimon: What a gentle Pari you are... Paimon can't imagine Sorush getting lectured by another Pari and still calling her "Sister" after that...
Sorush: P—Preposterous!
Traveler: Let's get back on topic, please.
Sefana: Right, Sister. Does your Yasnapati not understand much about the Sunyata Flowers? Perhaps I can introduce them, on behalf of the elders...
Sefana: There was a Pari who once sang thus—
Sefana: "This coalescence of color is the miraculous sign of the flowing spring of life"...
Sefana: "Linger here with me, dance and sing with me, let us weave lasting joy"...
Sefana: ...And I've forgotten the rest.
Sefana: I've spent too long guarding against the encroachment of this defilement. My exhaustion is clouding my mind...
Paimon: Don't push yourself too much! It doesn't matter if you can't remember some quotations. Just say stuff in a more relaxed way!
Sefana: Well then, let me think... Though the Sunyata Flowers are not the most precious thing within the Vourukasha Oasis, they are exceedingly dear companions to our people.
Sefana: Many Pari spend time with those flowers after they've finished their work for the day.
Sefana: It would be like a human growing up alongside those creatures that go "Meow-meow" and "Woof-woof"...
Traveler: You mean cats and dogs?
Paimon: Huh, so that's how it is. Y'know, if Paimon had one of those as a pet for a while, and it got sick, Paimon would be really sad too.
Paimon: Never mind what might happen if it was Paimon's only friend...
Paimon: Paimon understands your urgency now, Sefana. The health of the Sunyata Flowers is definitely important!
Sorush: What a shallow, coarse analogy. The importance of the Sunyata Flowers is far beyond such. Your choice of words still requires some work, Sefana.
Paimon: Eh, there's no need to be so picky, we understood what she said, anyway! Anyway, there's no time to delay. Let's go!
Traveler: Time to save some pretty flowers!
Sorush: Wait here, Sefana. You shall soon hear glad tidings from us.
Sorush: It will not be long before I shall show forth my might and free the Sunyata Flowers from the clutches of this darkness.
Sefana: Th—Thank you all very much!
Sefana: Not only have I troubled Sister Sorush, but also our great Yasnapati... and on our first meeting too... I must prepare some gifts for you in return...
Traveler: Time to save the Pari's pets!
Traveler: So, as for the Sunyata Flowers...