# Talk Dialog

Traveler: How do you like it here?
Chiori: It's pretty good. Pleasant scenery, calm atmosphere... Good place to rest and rejuvenate your body and mind.
Chiori: Sometimes, when I get sick of being in the Court of Fontaine, I get a strong urge to head off somewhere else for a while, and get a change of scenery. Somewhere without unruly customers, or tabloids spreading lies.
Traveler: Any places you've already been?
Chiori: Oh yeah, loads. It was a long journey from Inazuma to Fontaine, after all.
Chiori: The wines and ballads of Mondstadt, the prosperous commercial hub that's Liyue Harbor, the bustling Grand Bazaar and the never-ending desert in Sumeru... I've seen it all.
Chiori: One thing I liked to do was head to the liveliest spot in town, find a seat, and just sit there people-watching all day. I wanted to get a sense of the local atmosphere, see the clothes people wore, imagine what kind of lives they lived...
Chiori: I sometimes feel like to this day, most of the inspiration for my designs still comes from the things I saw back then on my travels... You of all people probably get what I'm talking about.
Chiori: Hah, look at me — chat about anything for long enough, and I'll always find a way to make it about work.
Chiori: Hmm... I guess it's a deeply ingrained habit of mine. I'm always on the lookout for inspiration, and every aspect of daily life is a potential source.
Chiori: Anyway. Basically, I love traveling. Maybe one day, our travel plans will overlap and we'll bump into each other somewhere out there.
Traveler: Where would you like to go?
Chiori: Somewhere I've never been before. That's the only way I can find new inspiration.
Chiori: You know what, I've never been to Natlan or Snezhnaya... Hmm, maybe it's time to make some travel plans.
Chiori: Every nation has a completely different fashion sense rooted in its unique culture. I have to keep incorporating new styles, adapting them, combining them, and innovating... That's the only way Chioriya Boutique can continue to stand at the forefront of fashion.