# Talk Dialog

Balfour: O great heroes, please, feel free to play Fungus Mechanicus to your heart's content!
Balfour: Is there anything else I can do for you, by the way? Name it, and I shall do my best to answer the call!
Traveler: Play Fungus Mechanicus
Traveler: About the next tournament...
Paimon: Yeah, speaking of that, we've been waiting for news about the Wisdom Orbs all this time, but we haven't really thought the arrangements of the next tournament through.
Paimon: #Well, Paimon's sure Traveler'll come up with a whole bunch of ideas when the time comes, so there's probably nothing to worry about.
Balfour: Indeed. And in any case, I have prepared a great many contingencies, which I hope will meet your expectations.
Balfour: When the time comes, just use your judgment, and should you encounter any troublesome trivialities, leave them to me!
Traveler: I'll do some research myself should I get the chance.
Paimon: Hehe, in that case, Paimon's gonna think about how to make the matches more exciting for the shrooms!
Traveler: Paimon and I will be the best organizers, just you wait.
Traveler: Tell me more about the promotion of Fungus Mechanicus...
Balfour: Oh, you can rest assured about that!
Balfour: Though the game is in its early test stages, it is open to all, and anyone who wants to can try it and make suggestions.
Balfour: I even extended invitations to some chess enthusiasts, Akademiya students, and Eremite mercenaries to test the game — we're going for the widest possible clientele coverage.
Balfour: Of course, your feedback shall be foremost amongst them, and we will put priority on making changes according to any suggestions you may make.
Balfour: The relevant people have been informed, so when the time comes, I will put the word out and increase the intensity of our advertising.
Paimon: Wow, this is so professional, Paimon's starting to get confused...
Paimon: Well, we'll just keep playing the game and give you our feedback so it can be the best it can be!
Paimon: And then with this game, we'll get everyone hyped up for the next Beast Tamers Tournament...
Paimon: #Looks like we've got lots of work to do, Traveler!
Traveler: Thanks for your hard work. Bye for now.
Balfour: Don't mention it. See you later, then!