# Talk Dialog

Jala: Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, good news!
Jala: This is Enghiene of the Maison Gardiennage. She has already arrested the supplier behind The Unchained.
Enghiene: Hmph! The scoundrel was still counting money even as I kicked the door down... A proper piece of work, that one!
Jala: And it looks like your fishing spree's had the desired effect — there's been a clear reduction in the number of invasive species in these waters...
Jala: The way things are going, I'd say it won't take long before the problem's been thoroughly dealt with.
Paimon: That's awesome! So, there's no need to worry about the Fonta... Uhh, Paimon meant, the quality of Fontaine's water!
Enghiene: #You're clearly a very capable hunter! It's not just anyone who can enlist the help of Traveler, the Grand Chef Supreme of Valor...
Enghiene: How does that old phrase go...? That's right, like shooting gulls with a cannon!
Traveler: Anything to keep those seabirds off my Fisherman's Toast...
Paimon: Now that Paimon thinks about it, Officer Enghiene looks a little familiar...
Paimon: Is it because we're always helping uphold the peace? Paimon must have seen a million officers by now!
Traveler: Nice to meet you, Officer We've-Never-Met-But-Looks-Familiar!
Enghiene: Hahaha! There's no need to act so formally. I'm sure we'll be working together a lot in the future, so let's try to keep it casual.
Enghiene: Otherwise, I'm going to have to act all serious every time I run into trouble and need your help. Can you imagine how exhausting that would be?
Enghiene: *sigh* I've been up to my eyeballs with this case for so long, but it looks like I can finally clock out...
Enghiene: I think I'll take a trip to The Rusty Rudder for a drink or two. Wait and see if that scumbag and the Unchained make an appearance on the news... Wanna join me?
Jala: Thanks for the offer, Officer Enghiene, but I can't let my guard down just yet. These invasive fish don't give up easily, y'know. Who knows what new trouble they might cause?
Jala: I can't stop until these waters are completely free of invasive species... but once I'm done, I'll come and find you for a drink!
Enghiene: Wow, now that's motivation! Well, guessing it might take you a while, but I'll see you there when you're done!
Enghiene: Give it your best and give 'em what for!
Black Screen Text: Jala returns to the water's edge to continue monitoring the situation...
Paimon: Paimon thinks that Miss Jala works a bit too hard...
Enghiene: Well, I guess... there must have been someone in her past with a really strong sense of responsibility, who had a profound effect on her... It's easy to see how she feels.
Enghiene: Watching her work, I don't dare slack off myself.
Traveler: Motivation is good...
Paimon: #Working hard is important, but sometimes it's also good to be like Traveler. Everyone needs a good work-life balance!
Enghiene: In that case, if one day I come to you for professional time-management tips, you'd better not turn me away!
Enghiene: Anyway... I'll put in an application to the higher-ups to have the expenses for this operation — especially your remuneration — upgraded to the "Main-Cannon-Operational-Expenses" band.
Enghiene: Hopefully, the next time I run into trouble, you two will already be there...
Enghiene: With any luck, you'll be standing there, hands on hips, greeting me with a smile and a resounding "The problem's already been solved!"
Traveler: But work-life balance is even better.
Paimon: #Paimon agrees! Traveler is an expert when it comes to not working too hard!
Traveler: Have we worked together before, officer?
Enghiene: So you do remember me? That's wonderful!
Enghiene: The next time we see each other, it'll be just like meeting an old colleague... There'll be no need to tip-toe around and carefully consider each word.
Traveler: Au naturel is fine by us!
Traveler: If there's any trouble in the future, we can be sure to help each other out!
Traveler: I wouldn't mind learning how to shoot a cannon!