# Talk Dialog

Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament has begun! Hundreds of contestants are capturing and putting together their team of formidable Fungi!"
Message Board: "Once the preparation phase ends, the staff will confirm whether the contestants have collected four Fungi as required, and will randomly put together the preliminary round schedule."
Traveler: View "Competition Rules"...
Paimon: Uh... There are so many clauses here! There's even a... disclaimer?
Paimon: This is giving Paimon a headache... Paimon doesn't want to read any of this. Let's just skip it! The prize money is what's most important anyway...
Traveler: Paimon...
Paimon: Ahem! What Paimon meant was, if there's anything about the Fungi. Like whether the Fungi can be shown in public or not... and stuff...
Paimon: Hehe, let's see if we can find it!
Message Board: "Competition Rewards - Top 8: Sizable amount of Mora, limited-edition Nilotpala Cup Season 1 Honorary Title, and the permission to keep the ace Fungus..."
Paimon: A sizable amount of Mora? Wait... They didn't include the actual amount...? And what's this about the permission to keep your Ace Fungus? Do they mean we can take one home to keep as a pet?
Paimon: Let's keep reading...
Message Board: "Fungi Activity Rules - Rule #3: Fungi that are registered and controlled by a Wisdom Orb are allowed to move around freely in areas proximate to the arena. Beast tamers, please pay extra attention to the activity borders."
Message Board: "Activity areas only include areas around the arena and the main roads of Port Ormos. Please do not bring your Fungi to the following public areas: Wikala Funduq, shops, and restaurants."
Message Board: "Currently, this competition is unknown to some members of the population. Panic or chaos may occur if Fungi were to appear in front of individuals who are unaware of the competition. It is recommended that everyone manage their Fungi accordingly."
Message Board: "The Corps of Thirty will referee the competitors to ensure that all rules are followed. Competitors who violate the rules will be disqualified immediately. If the violation is considered a gross offense, further responsibilities may be pursued and punishment from the Akademiya may occur."
Paimon: Wow... the rules are really strict! They're really serious about this. We should be careful as well!
Traveler: Did you just speak your real thoughts out loud?
Traveler: About the comment event...
Message Board: "After the results of the preliminary rounds are finalized, audience members can leave a comment on this competition billboard to show their support for the competitors or to share their thoughts about Fungi!"
Message Board: "All comments will be screened and evaluated by staff before they are posted. Please refrain from leaving comments that are over-the-top and be nice!"
Traveler: Leave.