# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Mualani: Tell you what, let's organize a party!
Mualani: I mean, this is huge venue, and you've got so many friends...
Mualani: The atmosphere would be electric — I can feel it in my bones already!
Traveler: What would you say to a pool party, then?
Mualani: Right on! That's my number one kind of party!
Mualani: And since I'm the one who started this, don't you worry! Just leave all the set-up to me.
Mualani: Hmm... First, we need a sense of scale. If everyone shows up, we'll need a giant pool — maybe even a super sized one! Tricky, tricky...
Mualani: ...Ooh, ooh, I've got it! I'll get Kachina to loan Turbo Twirly to us. If we haven't got enough pool space, we can just dig ourselves some more!
Mualani: Oh yeah — and my store can sponsor the watersports-related equipment and swimsuits. I just need to get a larger shipment of supplies...
Traveler: Guess you really are loaded, Mualani.
Mualani: Aw, come on. I just think it's worth splashing out if it means all my friends get to have a good time.
Mualani: Worse comes to worst, I'll just have to hustle a bit more once it's over. Work hard, play hard, y'know?
Mualani: Alright, so we're doing this, yeah?
Mualani: Phew, I'm getting a little nervous. First time I'll be organizing something this huge...
Traveler: So even you get stage fright when the crowd's large enough...
Mualani: Nah, I'm just concerned that I won't be able to get everyone's attention without a big and dramatic entrance.
Traveler: But of course! I should have known...
Mualani: Heh, come on, you know I love a good crowd and a chance to shine under the spotlight!
Mualani: Anyway, any suggestions? I know you've got a ton of ideas!
Traveler: Hmm... Maybe enter with a song?
Mualani: Hey... Yeah, how did I not think of that? I'll have to steal some tricks from the Flower-Feather Clan though. They're all really strong singers.
Mualani: Thanks for the suggestion. Hehe, prepare to be amazed.
Mualani: You won't know what hit you when I take the stage!
Traveler: Perhaps you could do a dance as you came in?
Mualani: Perfect! Time for some emergency training with the Children of Echoes — their dances are sure-fire spotlight grabbers.
Traveler: A hot spring party sounds like a great idea!
Mualani: For real? Hey, that's our tribe's specialty, you know! I've got you covered!
Mualani: Now, we'll have to account for everyone's tastes when picking the snacks and drinks, so we'll probably need to get a good amount of everything... Hmm, let's definitely load up on Saurus Crackers. They're our local specialty, after all...