# Talk Dialog

Anton: We'll leave soon. My apologies if we've disturbed your adventure.
Traveler: About the collaboration with the Millelith...
Anton: That was a long time ago. Shortly after this place was locked down, we contacted the Liyue Qixing.
Anton: At first, things went smoothly... Signora even nailed a few mutually beneficial trade agreements.
Anton: And one of the additional conditions was that Liyue would allow the Fatui to send an advance team into The Chasm... We came to investigate and eradicate the source of the anomalies.
Anton: As agreed, Snezhnaya and Liyue would share whatever we were to find down here.
Traveler: Don't you have other purposes?
Anton: At least none that I'm aware of. When we entered The Chasm, the local citizens even sent us their best wishes. We all thought... that we would be heroes, sacrificing ourselves for the sake of others.
Anton: *sigh*... Who'd have thought things would turn out like this?
Traveler: About the "Dark Calamity"...
Anton: "Dark Calamity," "the Calamity of Darkness," or whatever you call it... They all mean the great disaster that occurred five hundred years ago.
Anton: Anyway, it's the eternal enemy of Snezhnaya... For five hundred years, the calamity has been lurking in the dark and we'll be on guard forever.
Traveler: About you...
Anton: About us? There's nothing much to talk about... We fought hard and we failed. That's all.
Anton: When we first came down, we were the Ninth Company, a company of 64 soldiers. But now, I guess half of our men including our commander have either gone missing or died... Well, maybe not yet half of us...
Anton: But anyway, it's around that figure. We lost this battle and should've retreated long ago.
Traveler: But your people on the ground attacked Liyue Harbor.
Anton: ...It's surprising but I think I can understand why.
Anton: To assist in endeavors of greater meaning, Lord Pulcinella won't hesitate to dispense with less valuable assets. That's his logic.
Anton: As his direct subordinate, I have no objections to his cause of action...