# Talk Dialog

Emura Chuuya (Emura Ichigensai): Miss Yumemizuki... You found me at last. Ah, I see you've brought some friends with you. Please forgive my lack of hospitality.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Emura Chuuya... So it is you.
Paimon: Mizuki was right after all... Paimon wasn't expecting him to be so polite, though.
Emura Chuuya: Please, do not call me by that name anymore. The old me was plagued by negative emotions. But I have parted ways with them now. That period of my life is consigned to the past, and the name along with it.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You have to listen to me — there is no way to get rid of all of your negative emotions. This life you're living now is a lie.
Emura Chuuya: Haha... Your perspective is most amusing.
Paimon: What's so funny? Don't you know you're harming people?
Emura Chuuya: Harming people? That's what you believe? Very well, I understand and accept your perspective — even if you cannot afford me the same courtesy in return.
Paimon: Ugh, what's up with him? He's being so calm and polite, so why does everything he says make Paimon wanna punch him?
Emura Chuuya: As you can see, Miss Yumemizuki, all my psychological problems have been completely resolved.
Emura Chuuya: I must thank you for your attempts to diagnosis my condition. But I see now that the truth is far simpler than you were proposing.
Emura Chuuya: All my misery was merely a consequence of human frailty. I could not hope to remove my emotional impurities on my own strength.
Emura Chuuya: I lived in fear and anger. Fear that I was not worthy of other people's attention. Anger at how they invalidated me.
Emura Chuuya: I became a slave to my emotions. They turned me into a wretched and loathsome creature, hostile to everyone... But things are different now — I have acquired the ability to eradicate those emotions for good.
Emura Chuuya: No longer will I be afraid. Never again will I be stirred to anger... No, I am filled now with only one emotion, and that is happiness. I have become humanity perfected!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: What I'm hearing is that you've developed your own unique understanding of psychological issues. So how about you play therapist this time? I have a couple of cases I'd love to hear your thoughts on.
Emura Chuuya: I would be delighted.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The first is a soldier with poor control of his temper. He flies off the handle too easily, and it gets him into all sorts of trouble. This is having a significant impact on his daily life, and he's developed symptoms of depression as a result.
Emura Chuuya: He simply needs to let go of his anger. Then, he will surely find peace and happiness.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The second is a fisherman who's developed thalassophobia. Now he is unable to provide for his family, which is causing him immense anxiety.
Emura Chuuya: Oh of course, he must cast his fear far away, and forget it ever existed. Then, he can return to the sea at once!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm sorry, but you're wrong on both counts.
Emura Chuuya: Oh?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The soldier's anger is rooted in his strongly held principles. Yes, his rage can make him reckless, but it also fuels his deep desire to stand against injustice.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Losing his anger made him passive and apathetic. He now stands by and does nothing as bandits attack innocent people.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The fisherman's fear made him one of the most reliable sailors around. Thanks to his cautiousness and diligence, accidents were a rare occurrence among his crew despite the dangers of their profession.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But after forgetting his fear, he destroyed the fruits of the entire crew's labor on his first return to the sea.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Fascinating, isn't it? Anger gives people the courage to stand up for what they believe in, and fear nurtures care and attention.
Emura Chuuya: Uh...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Emotions are integral to human dreams, and after many years of dealing with their dreams, the yumekui-baku have learned an important secret about human emotions:
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Negative emotions do not just go away — they will always be there. This is true for everyone.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Not only that, but their presence is essential. You can't have a healthy human psyche without negative emotion.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, do you have any idea what you've done to those poor men?
Emura Chuuya: ...What an amusing theory. In fact, I do remember those two, but I'm afraid that the only emotion I sense in them now is happiness.
Emura Chuuya: How can you believe that negative emotions are required for a healthy psyche? It's a laughable theory. Don't you remember how I was when we first met? You call that "healthy"?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Acknowledging that negative emotions exist doesn't mean giving them free reign over our minds and lives. Humans have a whole gamut of emotions. They're supposed to keep each other in balance.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But if that balance gets disrupted, emotions start working against each other. Untethered rage cripples the capacity to be careful and considerate. Uncontained fear drives people to abandon beliefs they once held dear.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The person you were when you first came to my practice only proves this further.
Emura Chuuya: Uh... I... I...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You were dominated by your emotions. Under their influence, you deliberately inflicted pain on other people. Meanwhile, the person you are now is so lost that you aren't even aware of the pain you're bringing to others.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: This diagnosis is going to sound harsh, but I'm afraid it's accurate:
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You've simply gone from one extreme to another. You say you've reached perfection, but you're just as dysfunctional now as where you started.
Emura Chuuya: You... Hahaha... How entertaining. Still... There's no need for me to argue back. You have failed to provoke me...
Emura Chuuya: I will forgive you for this offense, because I know my present perfection to be a fact. I have direct and incontrovertible evidence.
Emura Chuuya: You once told me that nightmares are the result of a build-up of negative emotions. But ever since I acquired my present abilities, I never had another nightmare again.
Emura Chuuya: Clearly, that proves that all of my negative emotions have been definitively eradicated.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I'm afraid not. Look where we are right now... We're inside your nightmare.
Emura Chuuya: What...?
Paimon: No wonder! Paimon knew something was up the moment we arrived...
Traveler: I knew it.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: The enemies that we encountered were manifestations of his negative emotions. That can only happen in a nightmare.
Emura Chuuya: No... That can't be...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That entity claimed it could remove your negative emotions. But all it did was separate them and store them deep in your subconscious beyond your reach. There, they were left to fester.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Your situation is far worse than that of the other victims... It has deceived you at a much deeper level. You can't even perceive that at this very moment, you're in the middle of a nightmare.
Emura Chuuya: Haha... How laughable... Fear? No, there is no fear left in me... This is all just a terrible joke... This is no dream! No... Argh...
Paimon: Something's appeared behind him...
Kuroyume (???): Hahaha... So, my arch-nemesis has seen through my trickery.
Kuroyume (???): Clearly, you came prepared... The emotional cocoon I had wrapped him in was all but impenetrable, yet still you managed to tear it down.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, it IS you... Just as I thought.
Paimon: What is that?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A nightmare monster... A fearsome youkai that was once the bane of Inazuma.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: We yumekui-baku eat the nightmares of humans, while they called those nightmares their home. So, we were natural enemies.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #When I heard Traveler recount that strange dream, I knew that this was a possibility...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But it's still a shock to see one of our long-lost arch-enemies in the flesh. They were supposed to have gone extinct long ago...
Kuroyume: Then allow me to formally introduce myself. My name is Kuroyume, and I am the last of my kind.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Kuroyume... That's a name I haven't heard in a long, long time. How have you survived all these years?
Kuroyume: Likewise, Yumemizuki is a name that takes me back to a different age... Although I must say — we may be born enemies, but I have never felt any great animosity towards you personally.
Kuroyume: Ultimately, the fall of the nightmare-monsters was the fault of our hosts. Humans are such fragile creatures...
Kuroyume: But now, I have found a way to revive my kind, and you are too late to stop me!
Emura Chuuya: Ugh!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh no... We've got to catch up to him!