# Talk Dialog

Arataki Itto: Ohoho, Thoma, my bro! Heard you're in a bind! The "Almighty Arataki Unbeatable and Unmatched Game Dev Team" is here to help!
Mamoru (Mamoru, Akira, and Genta): The Arataki Gang rules!
Akira (Mamoru, Akira, and Genta): The Arataki Gang rules!
Genta (Mamoru, Akira, and Genta): The Arataki Gang rules!
Kuki Shinobu: ...I'm not sure how "helpful" most of them will turn out to be, but I, at least, am a licensed game designer.
Thoma: I'm... so sorry everyone. I was so focused on this game, I didn't notice Kinkaku and the others at all...
"Shousei": Not your fault! Bake-danuki are powerful! Even Shousei couldn't smell them!
Traveler: Yeah, we didn't notice anything either.
Thoma: #Traveler... Paimon...
Arataki Itto: Don't sweat the small stuff! I'm sure all Hitotsume Kozou and those little fellas want... is for you to honor their last wishes and finish what you set out to do!
Kuki Shinobu: Um... That was beautiful, boss. But, "last wishes" are used for people who are, y'know... dead.
Arataki Itto: Dead? As in the big sleep? The final curtain? The last hurrah? ...Genta, you copied down the wrong thing!
"Shousei": Long-horned oni is stupid... Stupid oni really help make game?
Thoma: Heh... We'll see. But, as you said, I'll try my best to, um... finish what we started.
Paimon: By the way, where are the real Hitotsume Kozou and his friends? And what about Tetsunosuke and the others?
Thoma: After the three passed out, the bake-danuki hid them in their home to keep them safe... Even under the influence of a Nightmare Fragment, bake-danuki are kind at heart.
Thoma: As for Tetsunosuke and the others... They're in charge of setting up the ritual as punishment for causing all that panic — something about showing them what it's really like to "work through the night"...?
Traveler: Sounds like Miko's doing...
Thoma: Hehe, once you deal with the crisis, I think I'll get the whole gang together — Hitotsume Kozou, Youko, Kappa...
Thoma: Plus, Kinkaku, Ginkaku, and Tetsunosuke, too... We can all play "Akitsu Harpastum" to our heart's content!