# Talk Dialog

Traveler: I have some questions.
Huixin: Please, ask away! I will answer to the best of my ability.
Traveler: Tell me about Liyue.
Huixin: Oh? I take it that you are not from around here, then.
Huixin: Not that there's any problem with that, we do not exclude anybody here in Liyue! On the contrary, with this being a commercial port, people get nervous if they see a decline in the foreign population.
Huixin: Thanks to the guidance of Rex Lapis, Liyue has gone from strength to strength in the last thousand years.
Huixin: Our forebears discovered the craft of producing glazes via firing. Trade with foreign lands grew, and Liyue prospered.
Huixin: Our biggest point of pride is that Mora, the coins used as currency throughout Teyvat, are cast right here in Liyue at the Golden House. More importantly, Mora are named after Morax, which is Rex Lapis' original name.
Traveler: Tell me about the Qixing.
Huixin: You could say the Qixing are my bosses... Surely it doesn't count as workplace gossip if I'm just giving you their backstories? Haha...
Huixin: The Qixing — or "Seven Stars" — is a Liyue business committee. It is also used as a collective term for the seven business tycoons who sit on the committee and handle Liyue's government affairs.
Huixin: I trust you have heard of Ningguang, of the Jade Chamber? Like her, each Qixing is a major player in business circles whose every action has a profound influence.
Huixin: They are responsible for implementing the policy that comes down from Rex Lapis and making rulings on important matters. They are akin to the hands and feet of Rex Lapis.
Traveler: Could you tell me a bit more about the Qixing?
Huixin: Hmm, the Qixing do in fact have a clear internal division of labor.
Huixin: Besides Lady Ningguang, with whom you are familiar, the Yuheng, Lady Keqing, is in charge of land, construction works and the like.
Huixin: Liyue is very vast, and requires strict regulation and eminent developmental direction...
Huixin: The other esteemed members of the Qixing are also highly accomplished in their own fields. They are the pillars of the prosperity that Liyue enjoys today.
Traveler: Where are we right now?
Huixin: We are at Yuehai Pavilion. This is where the Qixing discuss official business and rule on major issues that affect the whole of Liyue.
Huixin: To serve the Qixing is to serve all of Liyue, so it is my honor to be working here.
Huixin: Sometimes I feel like the whole way I carry myself has become more dignified since I started working here. Hehehe.
Huixin: None of the big shots are here right now — presumably they're all busy with private business.