# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you want to do?
Kaveh: I want to go to the most distant point from here. With such a fantastical realm, I want to know where its boundaries roughly lie.
Kaveh: It's not every day you come across technology like this. If it could be replicated one day for architectural projects...
Kaveh: Sumeru's buildings can be divided into several primary categories. Buildings in the rainforest are mostly wooden, while those in Sumeru City and Port Ormos are generally made of stone.
Kaveh: You've been to Port Ormos, right? Its lighthouse is a paradigm of Sumeru's architecture. I was responsible for its last round of renovations.
Kaveh: Although we managed to renovate the building's weathered exterior, restoring the lighthouse's heavily eroded foundation was a massive struggle... There was only so much we could do.
Kaveh: If only we had a place with a stable foundation and an unobstructed view... We could then experiment with builds to improve the lighthouse's structure.
Traveler: It sounds like you need this teapot much more than I do.
Kaveh: In some ways, yes.
Kaveh: But I'd never try to buy this place from you, even if I had the Mora to do so. This little magical teapot must have a special place in your heart.
Traveler: You could say it's my "home."
Kaveh: "Home," huh...
Kaveh: I've designed many houses for others, but a house isn't really the same thing as a home.
Kaveh: A house can simply be a pile of wood on a plot of land, but a home cannot exist without inhabitants — the presence of people is what turns a house into a home.
Kaveh: I heard that you embarked on your journey to reunite with your sibling. While I can't completely relate to your situation, the yearning for loved ones is a universal feeling.
Kaveh: #I pray that your dream soon comes true — that you find your sister and have her in your life again.
Traveler: Thank you, Kaveh. Can we commission you when that time comes?
Kaveh: Hahaha, of course! When that day does come, I won't charge you any commission fees. I'm sure your happiness alone will be more than enough for me.