# Talk Dialog

Traveler: What happened to you?
Paimon: You don't look like you're from Mondstadt. Why are you standing here all alone and crying? Did you run into trouble?
Jala: Oh... Hello...
Jala: I just left the Knights of Favonius headquarters... I was given a huge fine and a lecture...
Jala: Though the Knights were all polite and nice, and they just patiently explained everything to me... I still feel so bad about what I did and regret it so much!
Jala: I... I did a bad thing without thinking... by releasing them.
Traveler: Releasing?
Paimon: Releasing... It doesn't sound like a bad thing... But it does sound a bit familiar...
Jala: I once thought... releasing animals, such an act of kindness, the more you do it, the better, but now I know I was wrong, oh so wrong...
Jala: I am a merchant from Sumeru... A friend of mine who went to Fontaine told me of a secret that's only known to a selected few...
Jala: "Before doing something important, release some animals into the wild. It will bring you good fortune. Some even buy animals just to release them..."
Jala: So I released a few Sumeru-native Anglers into Cider Lake before going to my business meeting.
Jala: I didn't know the Anglers had no natural enemies in Cider Lake and were multiplying so quickly, almost to the point of destroying the lake's ecosystem...
Jala: Fortunately, the Knights of Mondstadt are capable and reliable. They handled it before it got out of control. Otherwise... Otherwise, I'd have become a villain, condemned by history for all time to come!
Paimon: So it was you!
Paimon: Uh... But you didn't know what you were doing... You didn't do it intentionally and you've already been punished for it... So, Paimon shouldn't criticize you any more...
Jala: O—Of course it was never my intention to harm Mondstadt! I've always felt Mondstadt is a really great country!
Jala: The fact I've been able to become a merchant trading between nations is all thanks to a student from Mondstadt who studied at the Akademiya...
Jala: A few years ago, before she returned to her home, she entrusted me with the distribution of a game she developed called Shroomsplosion. It became a hit, and earned me substantial capital, which became my startup fund.
Jala: Mondstadters really are incredibly friendly. They didn't treat me very harshly, even though I made such a big mess...
Jala: There was a little girl in red who saw me crying by the road, and she even comforted me with lots of snacks...
Jala: Though the fine itself was huge to me, it merely covered the losses incurred and the salaries of the knights sent to do damage control...
Paimon: Well, as long as you can learn from your mistakes. The issue has been resolved, so you don't have to be so hard on yourself now!
Traveler: Just don't go randomly releasing creatures again!
Jala: Of course! I will remember this lesson! Always!
Jala: Perhaps... I should donate another shipment to Mondstadt... and then go apologize in person to those Mondstadters who were affected by my actions...
Traveler: And remember to tell your friends that.