# Talk Dialog

Traveler: Anything you'd like to do?
Furina: Mmm... Heh... There are probably as many things that I want to do right now as there are stars in the sky.
Furina: I think my top priority, though, would be to add some more furnishings to this place.
Traveler: Oh... You don't like how this place currently looks?
Furina: Hey, don't be upset...! I never said there was anything wrong with this place as it stands...
Furina: However... Pretty furnishings are like extra outfits in the wardrobe — you can never have too many of them.
Furina: That's especially true for tea parties. You've got to switch up the furnishings and decorations every now and then to keep things fresh and new.
Furina: A lot of people might say that it's best to stick to what's tried and tested, but I think it's possible to respect tradition while trying something new at the same time.
Traveler: That was great! Didn't know you had it in you.
Furina: I'm glad you appreciate my point of view. That tells me that you're an interesting person as well.
Furina: Anyway, since I brought up the idea of getting some more furnishings, let me provide the funds.
Furina: Don't worry, Surintendante Chevalmarin hasn't approached me about my overspending so far this month. Which means, I still have plenty of Mora left in my private reserve.
Traveler: You... overspend a lot?
Furina: Uh... I—I mean, what choice do I have...? There are so many lovely and fascinating things in the world, one simply has to have them...
Furina: *sigh* Alright, yes, I should rein in my spending habits a little... Starting from next month!
Traveler: Your "private reserve"?
Furina: Ah, I just mean my savings from my performance fees. I thought I'd mentioned it to you before, no? I've done the occasional paid performance over the past few centuries, and it all added up, so I do have some personal savings.
Furina: I turned the whole pot over to Surintendante Chevalmarin to manage. She's a lot better at investments and trading than me.
Furina: I shouldn't have to worry about my finances for quite some time. So even though Surintendante Chevalmarin makes a budget for me each month, it doesn't matter if I spend a little extra now and then.
Traveler: You really are a fount of wisdom, Furina!
Furina: Hehe, well, when it comes to things I'm interested in, I don't mind putting in the time to become the most knowledgeable person in the topic.