# Materials: MATERIAL_FOOD

## Pyro Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Pyro Crystal. Gives 50 Pyro Energy when absorbed.

## Hydro Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Hydro Crystal. Gives 50 Hydro Energy when absorbed.

## Dendro Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Dendro Crystal. Gives 50 Dendro Energy when absorbed.

## Electro Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Electro Crystal. Gives 50 Electro Energy when absorbed.

## Anemo Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Anemo Crystal. Gives 50 Anemo Energy when absorbed.

## Cryo Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Cryo Crystal. Gives 50 Cryo Energy when absorbed.

## Geo Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Geo Crystal. Gives 50 Geo Energy when absorbed.

## Primordial Elemental Shard

A shard that broke off a larger Elemental Crystal. Gives 50 Elemental Energy when absorbed.

## Pyro Jikaka

A fruit taken from a Pyro Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Pyro Energy when eaten.

## Hydro Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Hydro Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Hydro Energy when eaten.

## Dendro Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Dendro Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Dendro Energy when eaten.

## Electro Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Electro Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Electro Energy when eaten.

## Anemo Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Anemo Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Anemo Energy when eaten.

## Cryo Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Cryo Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Cryo Energy when eaten.

## Geo Jikaka

A fruit taken from the Geo Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Geo Energy when eaten.

## Standard Jikaka

A fruit taken from a Standard Jikaka tree. Gives 30 Elemental Energy when eaten.

## Dish

Items created by cooking

## Suspicious Fisherman's Toast

Onion-covered toast. Not quite cooked right. You'll notice its imperfection, even if you eat it while fishing.

## Fisherman's Toast

Onion-covered toast. A favorite amongst fishermen, they will stuff a bag with it and sit by the river all day.

## Delicious Fisherman's Toast

Onion-covered toast. Exudes a wonderful aroma. Are the fish biting for the bait, or is it the toast they're after?

## Suspicious Teyvat Fried Egg

An egg fried on one side. A bit hard in the middle. One can only hope it still has its nutrients.

## Teyvat Fried Egg

An egg fried on one side. The yolk flows out nicely when broken. So satisfying.

## Delicious Teyvat Fried Egg

An egg fried on one side. With a taste of the summer sun, it invigorates you from the first bite.

## Suspicious Steak

A grilled steak. Its color is a little bleak, almost as if it feels sorry for itself for being a sorry excuse for a steak.

## Steak

A grilled steak. High heat has locked the juices in, giving one high expectations for when the meat is cut open.

## Delicious Steak

A grilled steak. Juicy, flavorsome, fragrant steak. One bite and you feel yourself come alive.

## Outrider's Champion Steak!

Amber's specialty. One side is obviously uncooked. The other side gives off a subtle scent of something burnt. Close your eyes and have a big mouthful, just to keep Amber happy if nothing else.

## Suspicious Tea Break Pancake

A stack of round pancakes. A burnt scent masks what you can only assume should be a sweet taste. The berries are the only thing saving this dish.

## Tea Break Pancake

A stack of round pancakes. A staple originating from afternoon tea in manors. Only the best berries should be picked for this dish.

## Delicious Tea Break Pancake

A stack of round pancakes. Tender and fluffy, the sweet-smelling pancakes taste like clouds. A heavenly delicacy, no doubt.

## Suspicious Fried Radish Balls

Fried Radish Balls. Way too oily, and leaves you looking for something to drink to cut through the grease.

## Fried Radish Balls

Fried Radish Balls. Fragrant and crispy. Make sure to eat them while they're hot! Said to be a recipe from Liyue.

## Delicious Fried Radish Balls

Fried Radish Balls. It's insane that something so delicious comes from plain old radishes! All who eat them will truly understand Liyue's culinary reputation.

## Suspicious Satisfying Salad

A vegetable salad. Regrettably, it seems the best time to plate the potatoes and boiled eggs was missed.

## Satisfying Salad

A vegetable salad. Not just steamed potatoes and fresh vegetables, but also a hard-boiled egg to top it off. Satisfying to both the eyes and stomach.

## Delicious Satisfying Salad

A vegetable salad. Fresh, light, and varied. You'd never get tired of eating this, even if you had to eat it for the rest of your life.

## Suspicious Northern Smoked Chicken

Smoked fowl paired with vegetables. It's true. You really ought to try your own cooking before serving it to your guests. It's not too late to make a new one, perhaps?

## Northern Smoked Chicken

Smoked fowl paired with vegetables. A staple for Northerners, often made for honored guests.

## Delicious Northern Smoked Chicken

Smoked fowl paired with vegetables. A dish fit for a king. Go on, find one and serve him with pride.

## Suspicious Cream Stew

A meat and vegetable stew. Surprisingly dry for something that's meant to have liquid.

## Cream Stew

A meat and vegetable stew. The thick juices taste great with the tender meat and vegetables.

## Delicious Cream Stew

A meat and vegetable stew. These warm, buttery ingredients are so good that you almost want to dive into the cream stew and cuddle up with them.

## Spicy Stew

Barbara's specialty. Carrots cut into cute little stars make this dish... Wait, AHH, where did this spiciness come from!?

## Suspicious Calla Lily Seafood Soup

A balanced combination of seafood. The bitterness of the calla lily, the astringency of the mint, the fishiness of the crab... Getting all the negatives together like this takes skill.

## Calla Lily Seafood Soup

A balanced combination of seafood. The delicacy of crab and mint make for a clear soup, and the calla lily brings it a refreshing taste.

## Delicious Calla Lily Seafood Soup

A balanced combination of seafood. The crab, mint, and Calla Lily come together perfectly to dance on your tongue. It reminds you of playing barefoot by the lake in summer.

## Suspicious Sautéed Matsutake

Sautéed slices of Matsutake. A shame that control of the fire was lost. Best you can do now is try to trick people who didn't see you cooking it into thinking they are just potato chips.

## Sautéed Matsutake

Sautéed slices of Matsutake. Cooked in butter, it's crisp outside yet tender inside. Eat it before someone steals it from you.

## Delicious Sautéed Matsutake

Sautéed slices of Matsutake. So smooth and fragrant, eating them is like having the bursting vitality of spring absorbed into your stomach.

## Suspicious "Pile 'Em Up"

A rich, meaty dish. The meat must have been stacked wrong... Yeah, that's it. Now, can this actually be served...?

## "Pile 'Em Up"

A rich, meaty dish. Originally a Mondstadt dish made of steaks, potatoes and cheese, it has since become synonymous with Ludi Harpastum.

## Delicious "Pile 'Em Up"

A rich, meaty dish. Piled in just the right way to be both aesthetically pleasing and delicious all the way through. I wonder if we can pile it a little higher...

## "Once Upon a Time in Mondstadt"

Diluc's specialty. Feast your eyes and then your stomach upon this delicacy as the soft ribs melt in your mouth. Who knew Diluc was able to cook this well?

## Suspicious Cold Cut Platter

A plate of cold cut meat. Seems a little too cold, probably not good for those with bad teeth or sensitive stomachs.

## Cold Cut Platter

A plate of cold cut meat. An equal balance of bacon, ham and sausage keeps everyone happy.

## Delicious Cold Cut Platter

A plate of cold cut meat. The seasoning is just delightful enough to bring out the flavors perfectly. With a mouth full of meaty ecstasy, one worries about nothing.

## Suspicious Sticky Honey Roast

A meat dish in a sweet honey sauce. The sauce has stuck like glue to the meat, forming a homogeneous mass that tastes neither of honey nor meat.

## Sticky Honey Roast

A meat dish in a sweet honey sauce. The carrots take the gamey edge off the meat, and the sauce brings it all together sweetly. The perfect warm dish for a cold winter night.

## Delicious Sticky Honey Roast

A meat dish in a sweet honey sauce. The warm honey draws out the flavor of the meat, creating a flavor explosion akin to bathing in the warm summer sun.

## Suspicious Crab, Ham & Veggie Bake

A somewhat luxurious bake. By looking at it, no one can tell what it is made of... or what it lacks.

## Crab, Ham & Veggie Bake

A luxurious bake. Cracks through the golden outer skin reveal a medley of rosy ham and bright vegetables. How tantalizing!

## Delicious Crab, Ham & Veggie Bake

A luxurious bake. The scent is so rich and heavenly. You'll only be done once you've licked the plate clean.

## Suspicious Jade Parcels

An exquisite-looking dish. Food ingredients of different degrees of doneness are wrapped in shriveled vegetables. It looks depressing to say the least.

## Jade Parcels

An exquisite-looking dish. The ham's sweetness is locked inside the fresh vegetables, drizzled with a spicy broth. Delicious is an understatement.

## Delicious Jade Parcels

An exquisite-looking dish. The sweetness of the ham and the crisp lotus seeds are a match made in heaven. The aromatic broth pours down like the dawning light, caressing your tongue with an unworldly delicious taste.

## Suspicious Zhongyuan Chop Suey

A seasoned and cooked meat dish. Even if the dish was extremely delicious, it surely doesn't look the part. Even the most popular stalls would have trouble selling this.

## Zhongyuan Chop Suey

A seasoned and cooked meat dish. Though it contains animal organ meat and bits and scraps of other things, the strong-flavored seasonings have masked the stench of the meat. Many have had this dish for the entirety of their lives without knowing "chop suey" is not actually a swear word in the local language.

## Delicious Zhongyuan Chop Suey

A seasoned and cooked meat dish. The authentic "Liyue taste" of this aromatic dish makes it a comfort food for golden-agers that may bring a tear to their eyes.

## Suspicious Almond Tofu

A dessert made from ground almonds. The almond milk is chilled without being properly ground and strained. You can only lie to yourself that its rough texture is what makes it special.

## Almond Tofu

A dessert made out of almond. It has a silky-smooth texture with a long-lasting aroma of almond. It's named tofu only because of its tofu-like shape.

## Delicious Almond Tofu

A dessert made from ground almonds. It has the exquisite look and texture of a piece of white jade, and could pass as an art piece — so much so that you could not entertain the idea of actually eating it.

## Suspicious Jueyun Chili Chicken

Chicken in a dressing, served cold. The chicken probably isn't properly marinated, so it's only salty on the outside but bland on the inside. The taste reminds you of water-poached chicken breasts.

## Jueyun Chili Chicken

Chicken in a dressing, served cold. The way the dish has been prepared captures the succulence of the chicken perfectly. Beneath the glowing gold skin, the meat has a mildly hot flavor.

## Delicious Jueyun Chili Chicken

Chicken in a dressing, served cold. The chicken is extremely tender, juicy, and sweet. The delicious taste transports you to the realm of dreams.

## Suspicious Jewelry Soup

A simple vegetable soup. The bland soup and dull vegetables remind you of the dying vegetables on abandoned and barren farmlands.

## Jewelry Soup

A simple vegetable soup. Snapdragon, tofu, and lotus seeds are put into boiling water and simmered. Jewelry Soup earned its luxurious name from the look of the ingredients used, but contrary to its name, the soup is commonly prepared and served in ordinary households.

## Delicious Jewelry Soup

A simple vegetable soup. The mild-tasting soup is filled with the fragrance of fresh vegetables. This down-to-earth and heart-warming soup can rival any luxurious dish.

## Suspicious Mora Meat

A large hunk of minced meat packaged inside a pastry. The tough pastry shell almost seems to sally out against your teeth as you bite into it. If you fight through the greasiness and only chew on the minced meat, you can sort of taste its flavor.

## Mora Meat

A large hunk of minced meat packaged inside a pastry. When you split the pastry in two, minced meat spills out. The taste of meat grease is all but gone, and the baking process has brought out the sweetness of the pastry. Such pastries are usually stamped with the word "Mora," all the better to represent wealth and fortune.

## Delicious Mora Meat

A large hunk of minced meat packaged inside a pastry. With a crispy crust and tender meat, this legendary delicacy is so succulent that not even Mora laid in front of you could distract you from enjoying it.

## Suspicious Mondstadt Grilled Fish

Fish grilled thoroughly with moderate fire. Sadly, it's a bit too well done. The charred smell and the dry texture are not too impressive.

## Mondstadt Grilled Fish

Fish grilled thoroughly with moderate fire, making it completely dry and crispy. The sprinkled pepper on top brings out the freshness of the fish.

## Delicious Mondstadt Grilled Fish

Fish grilled thoroughly with moderate fire, locking the delicious juice inside the meat under the crispy skin. A small bite is all that's needed to unlock its wondrous and delicious taste.

## Suspicious Stir-Fried Filet

Slices of meat stir-fried on high heat — but for so long that they are now indistinguishable from the accompanying Jueyun Chili. Best served with rice, if served at all.

## Stir-Fried Filet

Sliced meat flash-fried in a wok. The mild Jueyun Chili adds just the right amount of kick to the delicious aroma of the meat. Perfect as an appetizer and also goes well with rice.

## Delicious Stir-Fried Filet

Slices of meat stir-fried on high heat. The spiciness is as a blaze amidst a field of snow that ignites your appetite and leaves you craving more.

## Suspicious Golden Crab

A crab dish cooked in the ancient ways. The flour granules within have congealed like gravel, and have some crab shell mixed in. But compared to the blandness of the crab meat, the taste of crab shell is at least worth having a go at.

## Golden Crab

A crab dish cooked in the ancient ways. The crab has been chopped into pieces and battered with flour, before being stir-fried till golden and rich with flavor. It is worthy of the word "gold," whether in terms of appearance or quality.

## Delicious Golden Crab

A crab dish cooked in the ancient ways. The aroma of the crab meat inundates the room the instant it leaves the frying pan, and a single bite fills one's palate with the countless rustic flavors of a fishing village hometown. It seems that such simple yet timeless village customs held the secret to this lavish, golden sumptuousness all along.

## Suspicious Barbatos Ratatouille

A simple chowder with a long history. Though the Anemo Archon is said to symbolize freedom, perhaps this dish has been a bit too liberal in the making. Perhaps the name Stormy Stew might be more fitting here.

## Barbatos Ratatouille

A simple chowder with a long history. The ingredients are similarly traditional and simple. No matter where you are, a piping-hot chowder of this sort can always give you a sense of real and unsurpassed satisfaction.

## Delicious Barbatos Ratatouille

A simple chowder with a long history. After much careful stewing, the flavors of three different vegetables have been blended to perfection. Like this, it is not hard to imagine why someone once called it "the best chowder I've ever tasted."

## A Buoyant Breeze

Venti's specialty. Other than the Cecilia flowers used for decoration, the ingredients are no different from normal. But if you taste it carefully, you can taste the flavor of "a wind that brings hope and tiny twists of fate." Perhaps... this is exactly what he wants.

## Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)

Mona's specialty. A great work from a great astrologer. Its greatest aspect lies with its cost-effectiveness in filling one's stomach.

## Fish-Flavored Toast

Klee's specialty. By way of apology for wantonly using her bombs to scare away the fish, Jean instructed Klee to make this toast for the fishermen. It's filling and tasty. Klee will never starve again, even after a whole day of blast fishing.

## Teyvat Charred Egg

Bennett's specialty. For some reason, every single fried egg is a little burnt around the edges. That said, the burnt crisp does lend a whole new flavor to the dish.

## Die Heilige Sinfonie

Fischl's specialty. The exquisite presentation doth seem to communicate some incomprehensible enigma. When partaking, if one were to gaze upon Fischl, one might see her expectant gaze peek through the gaps of her fingers, which she is using to cover half her face... Is this also part of the mystery?

## Lighter-Than-Air Pancake

Noelle's specialty. These thick pastries are the special afternoon snacks of the Knights of Favonius. They give people the sense that they have fallen upon a layer of fluffy clouds, and seeing Noelle's smile makes the feeling all the sweeter!

## Suspicious Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup

A steamed egg dish. The lengthy steaming process has caused unusual honeycomb figure to appear on the surface of the egg custard. It goes without saying that there isn't hardly a hint of bitterness left in the lotus.

## Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup

A steamed egg dish. The clear, gold colors of the egg custard have been embellished with several lotus roots. Regardless of whether it is breakfast or a post-meal snack, its superior nutritional value can greatly nourish the body.

## Delicious Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup

A steamed egg dish. The succulent eggs melt right in your mouth, and before you know it, a smooth and subtle sweetness of newly sprung lotus flowers covers your tastebuds.

## Suspicious Adeptus' Temptation

A complex, famous type of Liyue cuisine. Without having mastered the art of simmering, the resulting stew-like dish has a salty, fishy taste. But, just considering the costly ingredients will be enough to keep you going until the pot's empty.

## Adeptus' Temptation

A complex, famous type of Liyue cuisine, in which specially selected ingredients are submerged and slowly boiled in soup stock. The recipe scribbled from memory alone was enough to urge the adepti to once again return to the world of men.

## Delicious Adeptus' Temptation

A complex, famous type of Liyue cuisine. This dish is a rare and exquisite mix of both land and sea, combining countless delicious delicacies in one flavor-filled pot. Each mouthful is a moment to remember — it's even irresistible enough to entice the adepti down from their celestial abode.

## Suspicious Golden Shrimp Balls

A deep-fried shrimp dish. Hastily cast into hot oil and promptly forgotten about, the result is a disastrous combination of raw shrimp and burnt potato strips.

## Golden Shrimp Balls

A deep-fried shrimp dish. The aroma assaults your senses, while the crispy potatoes bring out the light sweetness of the shrimp meat. This, in tandem with its cute, small shape, makes it very enticing indeed.

## Delicious Golden Shrimp Balls

A deep-fried shrimp dish. From the rich, indulgent scent of crispy golden potato strips, to the satisfying crunch as you take your first bite, to the grand finale of delicious sweet shrimp, this dish is pure pleasure.

## Suspicious Qingce Stir Fry

A dish cooked over a roaring fire. This one was a failed test run, being unpleasantly bitter and uncomfortably spicy. You could try mixing it with rice — or you could simply discard it and eat the rice instead.

## Qingce Stir Fry

A dish cooked over a roaring fire. They say it was originally just a rustic dish that everyone in Qingce Village knew how to make. But quite unexpectedly, its crispy and spicy dishes gained the recognition of people from elsewhere, and thus began to spread throughout the Liyue region.

## Delicious Qingce Stir Fry

A dish cooked over a roaring fire. Just catching a whiff is enough to work up one's appetite. The tingle of chili titillates the tongue, leaving you ready to devour ten bowls in a single sitting.

## Suspicious Come and Get It

A dish made out of a luxurious variety of ingredients... dumped into scalding-hot water and boiled beyond recognition. As if the taste of everything and nothing at the same time isn't bad enough, you'll want to watch out for the sand, too...

## Come and Get It

A dish made out of a luxurious variety of ingredients. There is no great refinement in the making of this food, and it appears in Liyue often during festival season. Whenever this dish is served up, the person at the head of the table will invite everyone to dig in, saying "Come on, eat, eat," hence the name.

## Delicious Come and Get It

A dish made out of a luxurious variety of ingredients. The mixture of meat and vegetables is spot-on, the presentation is flawless, and the blend of flavors in the broth brings out the best of everything. Don't mind if I do.

## Definitely Not Bar Food!

Diona's specialty. The fish skin is crisp, and the meat is sumptuous. Only someone with a sufficiently great love for fish would be able to bring out such lovely flavors. Now, if only there were something to drink to go with it... Uh-oh, she's looking this way!

## "Sweet Dream"

Xiao's specialty. His dream is very simple, and it is merely a lovely dream.

## Flash-Fried Filet

Beidou's specialty. They say that Beidou once learned some tricks from Xiangling, making some refinements and adding more flavor to this dish. If you can clean it out in one go, perhaps you might impress her.

## Qiankun Mora Meat

Ningguang's specialty. The pastry is perfectly soft and waxy, as is the consistency of the meat, and the honey-like meat juices ooze out as you squeeze it. Wherever did the high and mighty Tianquan Lady Ningguang learn to make this dish?

## No Tomorrow

Qiqi's specialty. The neat rows of ingredients seem at once exotic and delicious, and Baizhu says that Qiqi has spent a long time creating this dish. Still, once one considers that Qiqi has no sense of taste, just putting chopsticks to the food is going to take some courage.

## Suspicious Noodles with Mountain Delicacies

Noodles in a meat and vegetable sauce. The moisture has been sucked right out of this dish, causing the noodles to become dry. You might choke on them even if you chew slowly.

## Noodles with Mountain Delicacies

Noodles in a meat and vegetable sauce. The sauce has a rustic flavor, and there's a generous amount of it mixed in with the noodles. A humble but enduringly popular dish.

## Delicious Noodles with Mountain Delicacies

Noodles in a meat and vegetable sauce. The seemingly ordinary noodles have absorbed the essence of the mountainous delicacies. A single mouthful is enough to taste its extreme freshness.

## Cold Noodles with Mountain Delicacies

Chongyun's specialty. Though these springy noodles would be irresistible in the sweltering summer, Chongyun insists on dining on them even in the chattering cold of winter. What a guy.

## Nutritious Meal (V.593)

Sucrose's specialty. It looks like some strange alchemical product at first, but Sucrose insists that it is a healthy and nutritious meal, the result of many experiments and painstaking improvements. Its healthy green color comes from a mix of cream and natural vegetable juices... Wait, vegetable juices?

## Holy Water

A bottle of clear, colorless, and contaminant-free liquid. Indistinguishable from ordinary spring water. May or may not be worth putting all of one's hopes into.

## Wolfhook Juice

A freshly squeezed, fashionable, and fruity non-alcoholic beverage. Iced Wolfhook juice mixed with a pinch of other ingredients, forming a dreamy shade of violet.

## Berry & Mint Burst

A freshly squeezed, fashionable, and fruity non-alcoholic beverage. A refreshing burst of Mint with Berries to sweeten the deal, it has an exquisite aroma.

## Suspicious Triple-Layered Consommé

A neatly arranged dish. It certainly looks the part, but tasting it reveals the blandness of the consommé. Was it diluted too much, perhaps?

## Triple-Layered Consommé

A neatly arranged dish. The Ham, Fowl, and Bamboo Shoots have been sliced into threads of equal length, and they've been laid out neatly in the soup bowl after being steamed at high heat, before being covered in consommé. The layers are distinct, and the mouthfeel is salty yet fresh.

## Delicious Triple-Layered Consommé

A neatly-arranged dish. The evenly-sized threads reveal exquisite knife-work. Rather than a dish, this seems more like a work of art. But once you work up the wherewithal to pick up those chopsticks and have at it, the delicious flavors will be utter bliss — leaving this as a mere work of art would be such a shame.

## Suspicious Tianshu Meat

A braised meat dish. It's been braised for too long, resulting in meat that's too soft. The fatty cuts are greasy enough to give you palpitations, and you can barely scarf them down even when wrapped in the Qingxin leaves.

## Tianshu Meat

A braised meat dish. The cut of meat used is a happy medium between lean and fatty, and has been braised to smoking perfection. The ingredients glisten, and are soft but not greasy. Word has it that the Tianshu of a certain generation of the Liyue Qixing invented this dish after much painstaking development.

## Delicious Tianshu Meat

A braised meat dish. Its intense aroma can be detected from miles away. The ingredients look exquisite in every way, capturing the essence of its original design. It would not look out of place on a gourmet spread at Yuehai Pavilion.

## Suspicious Lotus Flower Crisp

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The lotus petals have lost their original color, turning brown and wilted under the merciless heat of hot oil.

## Lotus Flower Crisp

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. Sweet stuffed lotus wrapped in a crispy, deep-fried crust. Its layers of flower petals unravel perfectly in the palm of your hand.

## Delicious Lotus Flower Crisp

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The flower petals waver to life if you gently blow on them. As you close your eyes and take a bite, a luscious flavor covers your tastebuds like a sweet harmony of blooming flowers and fluttering birds in the breeze.

## Suspicious Moon Pie

A traditional staple from Mondstadt. The burnt-yellow meringue looks barely passable. Don't let any Mondstadt locals see you dead with this thing, or they might just take it upon themselves to ensure that you never fail again.

## Moon Pie

A traditional staple from Mondstadt. Not only is the pickled meat within deeply flavorful, but the meringue has also maintained its sweetness and moisture through the baking process. This dish is not to be missed at any festival in Mondstadt.

## Delicious Moon Pie

A traditional staple from Mondstadt. As you cut a slice off this small meat pie, the aromas of butter and meat assault your senses simultaneously. The rustic, sweet mouthfeel reminds you of the sights and sounds of harvest festivals, bringing a smile unbidden to your face.

## Suspicious Adventurer's Breakfast Sandwich

A nutritious egg dish. The congealed mayonnaise is almost solid, and it is lined with tough ham and over-boiled egg. At least wolfing it down will make you full all the same.

## Adventurer's Breakfast Sandwich

A nutritious egg dish. Luxurious mayonnaise sits atop a lining of ham and poached egg toast. The smooth mouthfeel fills you with energy for the long road ahead, and is one of the Adventurers' Guild's top-rated breakfasts.

## Delicious Adventurer's Breakfast Sandwich

A nutritious egg dish. The mayonnaise rises like the sun over the rippling poached egg's surface, and the exquisite mouthfeel really hits the spot. The unique salty flavor of the ham cuts right through the mix as well, like light parting the gathered clouds.

## Rockin' Riffin' Chicken!

Xinyan's specialty. Its demonic appearance hides an absolutely demonic spiciness. Eat it, tear up, eat some more, and don't stop till you drop! Surely only a demon could have invented such a dish!

## A Prize Catch

Tartaglia's specialty. It looks like a trapped beast floundering in an ocean of blood, its death throes an inaudible scream... But Tartaglia smiles and explains that this is something he fished out of the sea, with some products from his homeland on the side.

## Suspicious Crab Roe Tofu

A dish with a tender mouthfeel. Even the freshest crab roe cannot mask the taste of over-aged tofu. Crushing it up with your chopsticks and mixing it into white rice is all you can do to force it down your gullet.

## Crab Roe Tofu

A dish with a tender mouthfeel. Crab roe is stir-fried till the oil within oozes out before being added to boiled tofu and accented with broth. Simple, yes, but gloriously fresh.

## Delicious Crab Roe Tofu

A dish with a tender mouthfeel. The tofu is so tender that it might break if you blew on a spoonful of it. Each granule of the crab roe is plump and filled with crab oil that oozes out onto your lips the moment you have a single bite. Chewing is not needed at all. The food travels down your gullet in a flash, leaving nothing but the memory of its fresh flavor.

## Suspicious Fullmoon Egg

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The warped dough wraps the meat stiffly, and the dry mouthfeel leads to the illusion that one is chewing on a giant chunk of gnocchi.

## Fullmoon Egg

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The egg has been beaten into the flour to form a dough and the shrimp and fish have been diced, minced, and packaged into the shape of a teacup, before being garnished with whole shrimp and steamed in a pot. The resulting design is like that of clouds embracing the moon, hence the name Fullmoon Egg.

## Delicious Fullmoon Egg

One of Liyue's traditional snacks. Take a bite while it's hot, and have your tastebuds savor the tender minced meat and delicious juice, an experience which is then topped off with a finishing touch of sweet prawn. Before your eyes, you can almost see a full moon over rippling waters, a fishing boat by the shore, and the fishermen's songs echoing down the years.

## Suspicious Cured Pork Dry Hotpot

A dish fried over a great flame. The quality of the pork is fair enough, but it is far too salty. Have a piece of this, and you will taste nothing but brine in your mouth no matter how many Snapdragons or Matsutake mushrooms you consume.

## Cured Pork Dry Hotpot

A dish fried over a great flame. Matsutake and Ham have been sliced up, stir-fried, and garnished with some spicy condiments. The flavor of the Ham is a match for the Matsutake's crispness, and the combination grows ever lovelier and more addictive as you chew. The heat-conducting wok also serves to keep it piping hot for long periods.

## Delicious Cured Pork Dry Hotpot

A dish fried over a great flame. The rendered fat from the fried ham layers the side dishes perfectly, and the flavors have long permeated the whole dish. Its shine alone is enough to whet one's appetite, and every bite is sure to evoke memories of house, home, and celebration in anyone from Liyue.

## Suspicious Vegetarian Abalone

A vegetarian dish with a rich flavor. The overly thick sauce has totally covered the freshness that the ingredients should have had, and the condiment leaves your mouth dry no matter how much you wash it down with water.

## Vegetarian Abalone

A vegetarian dish with a rich flavor. The matsutake has been sliced thin and fried till golden before pouring the sauce. The matsutake meat is sumptuous and has flavor to match that of fresh abalone — almost enough to make you think it was the real thing.

## Delicious Vegetarian Abalone

A vegetarian dish with a rich flavor. With the aid of the sauce, the matsutake has achieved an excellent, elegant mouth-feel that so rivals scallop in tenderness and abalone in freshness that you can hardly tell them apart. If you left your customer guessing before revealing the truth later, you would be sure to earn their astonished praise.

## Suspicious Stone Harbor Delicacies

Wok-fried vegetarian food. Improper oil temperature control has caused the ingredients to reek of oil. Those who eat but a single bite will shake their heads and mourn the loss of the rare violetgrass used.

## Stone Harbor Delicacies

Wok-fried vegetarian food. A stir-fried selection of three ingredients hailing from Liyue. Though the methodology is simple, it brings out the intense, innate flavors of the ingredients, and does not fade in brilliance when compared to some high-class delicacy.

## Delicious Stone Harbor Delicacies

Wok-fried vegetarian food. The scents of the earth, the cool shade, and the moistness of the mist have all been enjoined into this plate of freshness. Pair it with simple white rice — both your taste buds and your soul shall experience a down-to-earth satisfaction many times over.

## Suspicious Stir-Fried Shrimp

A mild and luscious dish. In an overzealous attempt to prevent the food from sticking to the bottom of the pot, too much oil was added. Despite having been subjected to this rather heavy-duty frying process, the shrimp still have a surprisingly pleasant texture — but mind you don't eat too many, or you'll get a sore throat.

## Stir-Fried Shrimp

A mild and luscious dish. The shrimp are quickly sautéed and the sauce thickened. This method of cooking is exceedingly simple and brings out the wonderful natural flavor of the shrimp meat, granting it a place in humble home-cooked dinners and lavish banquets alike.

## Delicious Stir-Fried Shrimp

A mild and luscious dish. The plump shrimp are packed full of flavor just waiting to burst out on the first bite, creating wave after wave of indulgent deliciousness, like drops of water falling one by one onto a still lake, ending just as the sweet aftertaste finally begins to emerge.

## Ghostly March

Hu Tao's specialty. The round-faced ghouls seem quite cute, squeezed into a pile as they are. But if you were to fall to temptation and try but one of them, you may yet come to regret it for a long while... After all, this plate is full of top-quality, taste-bud-blasting— Actually, what on earth is this stuff, anyway?

## Suspicious Goulash

A steaming-hot stew. There was some flaw in the flame control during the stewing process, leading to a product with a very stiff mouthfeel. You can ignore those flaws if you scarf it all down — it'll keep the cold away regardless.

## Goulash

Hot stew made from Chilled Meat and vegetables chopped into small pieces. Slow-boiled tomatoes give this dish a rich and thick texture. Filling one's stomach with this comforting mixture has a warming effect.

## Delicious Goulash

A steaming-hot stew. Just one spoonful sends a down-to-earth sense of satisfaction welling up from the depths of your heart. The meat's flavor grows with every chew, bringing limitless strength to the eater even in the coldest wintry wastes.

## Suspicious Sunshine Sprat

Gently fried fish dish. The fish has been fried too long, which has deprived it of all its freshness and springiness. The slightest touch with your utensils might cause it to break into small pieces.

## Sunshine Sprat

Gently fried fish dish. Cooked with the right heat and duration to maintain freshness for a long time. Tender and flaky, it is delicately browned thanks to the layer of aromatic butter on top, which creates a multi-layered and unique flavor.

## Delicious Sunshine Sprat

Gently fried fish dish. The fish melts in your mouth, melding the flavors of land and sea together as it does, making for an unforgettable experience. Little wonder, then, that such a simply-made dish can make it into restaurants of great class.

## Suspicious Jueyun Guoba

One of Liyue's specialty snacks. The browned Jueyun Chilis and ham stick together on top of a crust that has barely retained its flavor, and you can only tell them apart by the mouthfeel.

## Jueyun Guoba

One of Liyue's specialty snacks. Stir-fried ham and Jueyun Chili sprinkled on a crispy crust made from Rice and Horsetail create a refined, meaty snack that transforms humble Rice into a hot delicacy.

## Delicious Jueyun Guoba

One of Liyue's specialty snacks. Chow down on that lovely, fragrant crust and the steaming ham sitting atop it. The spices and spiciness race neck and neck into your nostrils, creating an addictive flavor that has you licking that last finger rather than let a single scrap go to waste.

## Woodland Dream

Albedo's specialty. The fruits and vegetables are laid out like grass, and they stand tall like trees. In this miniature world-in-a-plate, you circle the mottled city wall, follow brown alleys, and enter the light orange castle. A sweet, tender taste then bursts forth like a blooming flower. You open your eyes. There is a smile in the white-haired prince's eyes.

## Lantern Rite Special Fried Radish Balls

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. Fragrant and crispy. Make sure to eat them while they're hot!

## Lantern Rite Special Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The clear, gold colors of the egg custard have been embellished with several lotus roots. Regardless of whether it is breakfast or a post-meal snack, its superior nutritional value can greatly nourish the body.

## Lantern Rite Special Jewelry Soup

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. Snapdragon, tofu, and lotus seeds are put into boiling water and simmered. Jewelry Soup earned its luxurious name from the look of the ingredients used, but contrary to its name, the soup is commonly prepared and served in ordinary households.

## Lantern Rite Special Noodles with Mountain Delicacies

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The sauce has a rustic flavor, and there's a generous amount of it mixed in with the noodles. A humble but enduringly popular dish.

## Lantern Rite Special Come and Get It

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. There is no great refinement in the making of this food, and it appears in Liyue often during festival season. Whenever this dish is served up, the person at the head of the table will invite everyone to dig in, saying "Come on, eat, eat," hence the name.

## Lantern Rite Special Triple-Layered Consommé

Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The ham, fowl, and bamboo shoots have been sliced into threads of equal length, and they've been laid out neatly in the soup bowl after being steamed at high heat, before being covered in consommé. The layers are distinct, and the mouthfeel is salty yet fresh.

## Suspicious Mint Salad

A fragrant salad dish. The Mint and Jueyun Chili have neither been matched nor incorporated well, which makes for a dish so spicy that any who eat it will be at a loss for words for a time.

## Mint Salad

A fragrant salad dish. Finely chopped Jueyun Chilis blended with a sauce and mixed with Mint leaves. It looks like nothing special, but it has surprisingly potent powers of refreshment and reinvigoration. It is also the perfect palate-cleanser after a greasy, indulgent meal.

## Delicious Mint Salad

A fragrant salad dish. The slightly bitter minty-fresh flavors do not cover the blazing mouthfeel of the Jueyun Chili but instead cause the spiciness to reach new heights. The two whirl and pirouette on your tongue like a pair of contending dancers to the hearty and vigorous applause of all.

## Suspicious Minty Meat Rolls

A sour-and-spicy dish. The saltiness of the dipping sauce has completely covered the fresh flavor of the dish. If you don't wish to dilute it with water, then you'll just have to scarf it down with a big mouthful of rice.

## Minty Meat Rolls

A sour-and-spicy dish. The marinated meat has been thinly sliced and rolled into the mint leaves, before being brushed with a sauce blend containing Jueyun Chilis. The unique mint flavor adds the finishing touch to this dish, turning it into an excellent addition to any cold platter.

## Delicious Minty Meat Rolls

A sour-and-spicy dish. The meat and mint are in exquisite equilibrium, tender and not greasy, delicate and not bitter. The spiciness awakens the twain's poetic balance with startling clarity as it leaps in your mouth, only to close with a sigh of perfection.

## Suspicious Golden Fried Chicken

Fowl that has been seasoned and then fried. Perhaps the oil temperature was not sufficiently well-controlled, but what should have been a crispy outer skin seems to have gone all soggy, adding to the overall greasiness by at least a few degrees.

## Golden Fried Chicken

Fowl that has been seasoned and then fried. The seasonings were made into a paste and smeared onto the chicken before it was fried at high temperature. The fragrance alone brings the vivid image of crispy skin and tender meat to mind. One bite and the luscious juices begin to flow. Truly irresistible.

## Delicious Golden Fried Chicken

Fowl that has been seasoned and then fried. The golden outer skin has all but sealed the abundant juices into the meat, leading to absolute enjoyment with each bite. The taste at your fingertips will linger in memory far longer than the instant it takes to reduce the meal to nothing but slim bones.

## Suspicious Fragrant Mashed Potatoes

Seasoned mashed potatoes. Some unmashed chunks have been mixed into the lot, adding a measure of unwanted randomness to the dish.

## Fragrant Mashed Potatoes

Seasoned mashed potatoes. The potatoes were thoroughly mashed before a sauce was drizzled over them. The mouthfeel is soft and smooth and it has a rich, multi-layered flavor profile. A satisfying choice for a hungry stomach, whether as a side or as a main dish.

## Delicious Fragrant Mashed Potatoes

Seasoned mashed potatoes. As you take a bite of this fine potato mash, an intense flavor develops on your tongue that is mixed with its natural freshness and the taste of dairy. Such a graceful flavor can hardly be thought to have emerged from an ingredient as plebeian as potatoes.

## "My Way"

Yanfei's specialty. The dish is essentially Crab Roe Tofu done to an incredible degree of regularity. Its dimensions and flavor are all faithfully rendered according to the "Crab Roe Tofu Laws" in the recipe, with not a single letter omitted.

## Stormcrest Pie

Eula's specialty. It's hard to say if the unorthodox, non-full-moon shape is meant to flout tradition or express her "tooth for a tooth" ethos. A rich, savory, and smoky flavor emanates from beneath the golden outer crust, unlikely to be reproducible by anybody else in Mondstadt. Best not to tell her all this, though, lest she add it to her list of personal vendettas.

## Suspicious Chicken Tofu Pudding

A dish that requires great precision to make. The soup base is far too salty and the texture of the chicken tofu pudding is not delicate enough. Lack of technical proficiency has led to a dish that looks the part, but has no soul.

## Chicken Tofu Pudding

A dish that requires great precision to make. The finely diced chicken breast is stirred vigorously and added into a soup with various other minced meats, before being cooked over a small flame. The result is light and elegant, and it tastes like tofu pudding. The meat is presented in such a form that the experience of consuming it is like tasting the finest chicken one has ever eaten, yet without appearing to have eaten chicken at all. This is part of Liyue's culinary fine arts.

## Delicious Chicken Tofu Pudding

A dish that requires great precision to make. Successfully formed into a single block with no debris, it truly looks like tofu pudding. Its exquisite tenderness unravels on the tongue the moment it is scooped up with a porcelain spoon and fed into the mouth, and the taste is so sublime that it almost feels like having an out-of-body experience. What lies before you is no mere dish, but a gentle breeze, a pure spring, a stroke of the divine.

## Suspicious Sashimi Platter

A seafood dish made using fresh ingredients. This has to be a practice dish. The rusty knife-work has ruined the original flavor of the ingredients, nor have the fish scales on the sashimi slices been completely cleaned off. It's... probably not too late to seek professional help...

## Sashimi Platter

A seafood dish made using fresh ingredients. The fish and shellfish are cut into pieces and arranged neatly. The slices have an elegant and tender taste, providing rich and high-quality nutrition. The lingering sweet aftertaste is derived fully from the ingredients' freshness, and every bite is an enjoyment worth closing one's eyes and savoring.

## Delicious Sashimi Platter

A seafood dish made using fresh ingredients. The plate spread before you is like a work of art, almost too beautiful to shatter. The surpassing knife-work has imparted the greatest mouthfeel upon the ingredients possible. The delicate texture, the exquisite springiness, the natural sweetness... it is like something living is leaping inside your mouth — straight from the ocean and into your heart.

## Suspicious Egg Roll

A fried egg dish. It looks way too soft... and what do you know, it comes apart the instant it so much as touches chopsticks. Might as well use a spoon at this point.

## Egg Roll

A fried egg dish. Beat eggs well, season and fry them slowly in a wok, roll up into a fixed shape. Pour in egg liquid again and continue until it has all reached a certain thickness, then get ready to plate up. This is an ordinary yet welcoming Inazuman delicacy.

## Delicious Egg Roll

A fried egg dish. The shape of the dish as a whole, the golden color, the fluffy mouthfeel... a small piece of this may not fill your stomach, but it will fill you with warmth. Not to mention that sweetness that you can almost reach out and touch — simply irresistible.

## Suspicious Butter Crab

A grilled crab dish. The crab legs are still cold, and have a raw, salty flavor to them, almost as if one were being force-fed some seawater.

## Butter Crab

A grilled crab dish. Appropriate heat control has allowed the crab meat to stay moist and fatty. The butter has seeped into the crab meat, producing an aroma that has people salivating even from afar.

## Delicious Butter Crab

A grilled crab dish. The butter-infused crab legs have a rich aroma that washes over the tastes buds so seductively that before you know it, you've eaten it all, and are left sipping at the dregs of butter in the crab's shell, hoping to recapture a fragment of the dish's beauty.

## Suspicious Tri-Flavored Skewer

A pieced-together skewer. The burnt bamboo stick and the dull-colored ingredients give off a smell that must not be named. If you were to make this out in the wild, you might just attract some hilichurls...

## Tri-Flavored Skewer

A pieced-together skewer. Three different cooking processes can be tasted at a go in this dish, which has made it very popular. If you are ever at a loss at to what to pair with some wine, there's no going wrong with one of these.

## Delicious Tri-Flavored Skewer

A pieced-together skewer. The highly-refined temperature control has released sizzling blooms of oils. The many seasonings accentuate the flavor of the various ingredients. If there was but a little less of them, it would be too plain; if a little more, too dense. This keen balance reveals the craftsman's heart within the chef.

## Suspicious Imported Poultry

A meat dish drizzled with sauce. Nothing seems wrong here at first, but in time, you will know the tragic extent of your failings. Poultry made without trimming off some fat and oil is far too greasy to swallow, and even its combination with vegetables cannot save this dish.

## Imported Poultry

A meat dish drizzled with sauce. The fowl is marinated before being covered in batter and fried, and a thick sauce is drizzled over it as a finishing touch. The accompanying vegetables are local produce, but the marinating methods and sauce are all imported, hence the name "imported poultry."

## Delicious Imported Poultry

A meat dish drizzled with sauce. Having been marinated beforehand, the fowl has had several layers of flavor added to it, keeping its oiliness in perfect moderation. Bite down on that crispy, crackling flour-skin, and feel the rich juices of the fowl rush into your mouth and whet your appetite.

## Suspicious Sakura Mochi

A delicate and elegant snack. Its exterior looks fair enough, but its sickening sweetness almost causes it to get stuck in your throat, leaving you with no appetite for another.

## Sakura Mochi

A delicate and elegant snack. The dark green leaf adds complexity to the overall warm color palette. Just looking at it gives you a sense of its quiet beauty. 'Tis a shame that its lovely flavor is like a blooming flower in its transience — yet do not let that dissuade you from taking a bite.

## Delicious Sakura Mochi

A delicate and elegant snack. It is surrounded by the fragrance of sakura, and its elegant exterior hides a loveliness that comes forth and disappears in a single instant. In a moment when all is silent, a single taste returns you to the moment when the sakura were as a blizzard all about you.

## Suspicious Konda Cuisine

Slowly stewed local cuisine. If the fowl that had not been fried beforehand could still barely be tolerated, the un-boiled lavender melon truly makes this a culinary disaster. Not only is the taste astringent, but the mix even stains your tongue to the point where someone else might think that you were being poisoned.

## Konda Cuisine

Slowly stewed local cuisine. Everyone in Konda Village knows how to make this dish. It originally had no name but would spread throughout Inazuma on account of its nutritious deliciousness. This eventually caused those from outside the village to give it its name — "Konda Cuisine."

## Delicious Konda Cuisine

Slowly stewed local cuisine. Well-honed temperature control has allowed every ingredient to be cooked just right. This is it — the exact same aroma that you smell, simple yet surpassing many delicacies, when you take a stroll through Konda Village at night. Surely a village local roaming abroad would begin to miss home if they were to eat this dish so made by you.

## Suspicious Rice Cake Soup

Commonly-seen city cuisine. These ingredients have cooked for so long that they have gone crisp. The only way to tell the components apart is by trawling the mix, having a small spoonful, and initiating further analysis.

## Rice Cake Soup

Commonly-seen city cuisine. The ingredients have gorged themselves on the soup, making them most enticing indeed. They say that in the first, this dish only had a scant few ingredients, but more were added as time passed, resulting in its present form.

## Delicious Rice Cake Soup

Commonly-seen city cuisine. The freshness of light soup forms the perfect backdrop for the original flavor of the ingredients to stand out, giving you that ancient taste of Inazuma City. This back-to-basics cuisine is sure to make you feel warm inside when eaten on a snowy night as you travel alone.

## Suspicious Mixed Yakisoba

One of Inazuma's common household dishes. Both the noodles and the side dishes show signs of having been burned black, testament to the tragedy that must have befallen earlier.

## Mixed Yakisoba

One of Inazuma's common household dishes. One merely needs to stir-fry the noodles and side dishes evenly before serving, making this an easy-to-make and filling dish. It is no wonder, then, that this dish is so sought after among Inazumans.

## Delicious Mixed Yakisoba

One of Inazuma's common household dishes. Some mysterious art of seasoning has been imparted upon the slightly curled noodles and ordinary side dishes. Smooth, springy, rich... the magic at work on the plate is such that one will never tire of cleaning it out.

## Suspicious Crab Roe Kourayaki

A crab meat dish that has been cooked directly over the flames. The crushed shell-fragments and the crab roe have been slurried together. Butting your teeth up against those hard bits is one thing, but irrecoverable is any desire you may have had to enjoy the food.

## Crab Roe Kourayaki

A crab meat dish that has been cooked directly over the flames. The meat and roe are mixed evenly, before being garnished with plump crab legs. The happiness that flows forth from that first bite imparts meaning upon your prior forbearance.

## Delicious Crab Roe Kourayaki

A crab meat dish that has been cooked directly over the flames. The crab meat still has a lovely scarlet shade, and its meat is tender and juicy. The crab roe has a refreshing aroma, and is rich and mellow to the taste. The sheer grace of this entity upon your tongue makes you start to wonder how the crab shell might taste.

## Suspicious Sakura Tempura

A dish deep-fried in oil. Perhaps it is an inexperience in controlling oil temperatures showing, but the ingredients began giving off a pungent smoke the instant they were dipped into the wok. The batter is now all mottled and browned. Shame about the waste... but best not to eat it, perhaps.

## Sakura Tempura

A dish deep-fried in oil. Incorporate the marinated sakura blossom petals into the batter before giving the fresh shrimp and vegetables an even coating, frying, and then draining the oil. This all sounds simple enough, but good tempura making is not something achieved in a mere day.

## Delicious Sakura Tempura

A dish deep-fried in oil. The batter is thin and sheer, like a set of luxurious clothes over the ingredients. The outside crispness and freshness within form amazing layers of texture, leading those who eat it to marvel at just how this delicacy was created.

## "Snow on the Hearth"

Kamisato Ayaka's specialty. This is almost like a small, lovely, and intricate artwork, with its pale red outer coat covering the feelings that the young maiden began to harbor from that moment on. If one had the honor of enjoying such a treat while having tea with a princess as graceful and noble as a white heron, one would surely yearn to have that moment stretch into eternity.

## Suspicious Rice Pudding

A dessert made from rice. There must have been some miscalculation in the amount of ingredients to use, as this just tastes like a bowl of overly sweet rice. Well, time to grab some plain drink and scarf it down...

## Rice Pudding

A dessert made from rice. After cooking the rice beforehand, it is placed into a pot together with the other ingredients, stirred evenly, and steamed. The mouthfeel is fragrant and soft, a perfect denouement to any meal.

## Delicious Rice Pudding

A dessert made from rice. The soft, sticky rice and the sweet milk have melded together perfectly, their tastes complementing each other. If you eat it hot, you can enjoy the dense rice grains, and if you leave it till it's cold, you can savor the gentle fragrance of milk — each possessing its own beauty. People who eat such a dish cannot help but wonder: how many experiments led up to this moment?

## Suspicious Braised Meat

A stewed dish. The stewing process seems to have been bungled, with the ingredients just have been bundled into the pot to cook together, resulting in wilted vegetables that have all but dissolved into the soup, leaving nothing to this pot but the greasy taste of meat...

## Braised Meat

A stewed dish. The meat slices were fried first, followed by the vegetable accouterments, after which they were mixed together. The soup was then added and simmered until it thickened. After this patient, slow cooking process, the meat has become soft and tender, bringing those who eat it a down-to-earth satisfaction.

## Delicious Braised Meat

A stewed dish. The rich soup sauce and fragrant meat combine to give off an irresistible aroma, while the scattered vegetables are crisp instead of soft, enriching the flavor of the dish... so much so that people will tuck in despite the intense heat until there is nothing left but the sauce... Wait, why don't we just dip our bread in that?

## Suspicious Oncidium Tofu

A dish that is a test of one's knifework. The erratic knifework here has caused the ingredients to be sliced every which way. The tattered mouthfeel is enough to make one despair. Only the rank taste of beans stands as proof that the main ingredient of this dish was tofu in the first place.

## Oncidium Tofu

A dish that is a test of one's knifework. All the ingredients were sliced into ribbons in a single go, and after being washed, they were placed into the broth and cooked till they floated. The resulting flavor is light and fresh, and would not be out of place as a chef's recommendation in a Liyue restaurant.

## Delicious Oncidium Tofu

A dish that is a test of one's knifework. The tofu, thread-thin as the autumn leaves, floats amidst the bowl, like mist in a forest, and the shredded bamboo shoots give the image a sweet, lustrous sheen, while the broth combines the essence of fowl and ham, giving off an unbelievable aroma. A single taste is enough to cause the customer to lose themselves in this fog of flavor.

## Suspicious Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns

A traditional snack from Liyue. A large bundle of fried-up Jueyun Chili has been piled up in the middle, and their heat is all but unbearable. Just one small bite feels like someone's trying to burn your throat. A few more bites, and who knows, you might actually end up breathing fire like Guoba!

## Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns

A traditional snack from Liyue. The fresh dough is turned out into a round, rested, and then placed inside a cage to steam. The meat and vegetables are then washed and diced, before being fried quickly in an oiled wok. When eaten, the fried condiments must be placed into the empty space in the middle of the buns before they are eaten together. Between the crisp vegetables and the flavorful meat, this is solid, great flavor.

## Delicious Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns

A traditional snack from Liyue. The intense charred aroma of the wok sits on the condiments, which are shoveled into the fluffy buns, filling the air with a fragrance that itself worth rave reviews. Just as the laboring hands of Liyue's people created this famous, prosperous harbor, these ordinary ingredients can be "developed" by one's labor into something surprising in its deliciousness. No wonder such a dish could even awaken a sleeping god...

## Suspicious Sweet Shrimp Sushi

A fresh and sweet traditional dish. The shrimp look a little shriveled, and a single bite leaves grains of rice stuck to your teeth. Note to self: best not to leave it out for so long next time...

## Sweet Shrimp Sushi

A fresh and sweet traditional dish. Cleanly bisected shrimp is laid over rice and shaped with your bare hands. The springy shrimp meat and the delicious rice highlight the flavor all the more.

## Delicious Sweet Shrimp Sushi

A fresh and sweet traditional dish. Crystal-clear shrimp reclines on the snow-white piles of rice. The sourness of the vinegared grains and sweetness of the meat intertwine upon your tongue like the gentle dance of lapping waves on white shores.

## Suspicious Omelette Rice

A main dish wrapped up in an egg skin. The egg skin just about barely covers the rice, and it has been fried for so long that it has lost all fluidity. Might as well call it "fried egg on rice."

## Omelette Rice

A main dish wrapped up in an egg skin. The evenly beaten egg fluids are fried into half-doneness before being poured out on top of the rice, and tomato ketchup is drizzled over top afterward once it is ready to plate up. They say that this dish was derived from another region, though this version involves a more complicated cooking method.

## Delicious Omelette Rice

A main dish wrapped up in an egg skin. Gently poking at the outer layer of the egg skin, which is not wholly cooked yet wraps itself and its red ketchup crown around the tightly packed white rice, shall prick the appetite of any customer — and after they have partaken joyfully, they cannot help but smile.

## Suspicious More-and-More

A snack grilled on an iron plate. It certainly looks the part, but you start getting a bad feeling about this upon first bite. Guess you can't slack off when making food after all, huh?

## More-and-More

A snack grilled on an iron plate. Water is added to flour and stirred into a slurry, vegetables and meat are added, and the mix is grilled well on an iron plate before taking on a splash of sauce and a sprinkle of dried bonito flakes. This tastes delicious no matter how many ingredients one adds, and indeed it makes people feel like "the more ingredients, the merrier," hence the dish's name.

## Delicious More-and-More

A snack grilled on an iron plate. The rich ingredients have been stacked atop one another. One bite into the crisp outer layer reveals the soft tenderness within. The lovely sauce clothes the condiments luxuriously, flowing between lips and teeth alike en route to the stomach. Even the aroma that lingers in the air has ascended to become part of its unforgettable deliciousness.

## Faith Eternal

Kujou Sara's specialty. Forget calling it a dish, this is really more like a snack. The sweet, fluffy flavor really doesn't seem to suit Sara's own preferences. Wait a moment. That symbol on the snack — does this have to do with a certain other person's tastes instead?

## Suspicious Radish and Fish Stew

A meat and vegetable dish. It certainly looks like the complete package, but careful tasting will reveal that there is no flavor of fresh fish in the radishes at all... Wait a minute, what are these fishbones doing in there instead?

## Radish and Fish Stew

A meat and vegetable dish. The de-skinned radishes have gone into the pot first to cook before large hunks of fish and seasonings are added in. The whole combination is then stewed on a low flame. The large servings of food — best served with rice — give everyone present a feeling of satisfaction.

## Delicious Radish and Fish Stew

A meat and vegetable dish. Migratory fish have experienced many trials of the bitter cold, towering waves, and tumultuous storms en route to arriving upon the stove, and together with the radish, they have absorbed the essence of the flavorful soup long before they were ladled onto your plate. This sweetness warms the heart and soul, like a fire in the midst of a blistering world of snow.

## Suspicious Wakatakeni

A light-colored vegetarian dish. The seaweed takes forever to swallow and the overly-hard bamboo shoots look like they might wear out the teeth. Probably best left looked at but not eaten.

## Wakatakeni

A light-colored vegetarian dish. Broth is first poured into the pot before the bamboo shoots, and then the seaweed, are added in. The result is an elegant product with a light mouthfeel that agrees well with all palates. Suitable as a pre-meal appetizer or as a side to a main dish.

## Delicious Wakatakeni

A light-colored vegetarian dish. The new life born in the embrace of the ocean and the crisp freshness that sprouted in the mountains have blended into this broth. The light and gentle flavors give one a foretaste of the wonder of the four seasons, and of the revivification of all life.

## Suspicious Unagi Chazuke

A light and tasty main dish. The overly bland tea soup has been all but overpowered by the taste of the unagi, but you can probably still eat this if you slurried it into some sort of porridge.

## Unagi Chazuke

A light and tasty main dish. Well-boiled tea is poured over rice with unagi on top and allowed to steep quietly until the rice grains have absorbed the fragrance of the tea. When combined with the lingering sweet aftertaste of the unagi, you can eat half a bowl before Paimon can say "Whoa!"

## Delicious Unagi Chazuke

A light and tasty main dish. The tea and soup weave an elegant, fragrant melody punctuated by the pure white grains, while the unagi, baptized in coal-fire, provides tender, gentle decoration to the mix. The various aromas of eel and tea and the light sweetness of rice mix well on your tongue into something truly sublime. A triple threat not to be trifled with, indeed.

## Suspicious Five Pickled Treasures

Pickled vegetables. That's what they say, obviously, but the result should probably not have such a sour smell. The tender texture is good and all, yes, but... Yeah, this is just way too sour. Maybe a Samachurl might appreciate this?

## Five Pickled Treasures

Pickled vegetables. A round of fermentation makes food richer and also allows it to keep for longer. There were originally only four "treasures," but for auspiciousness' sake, the four vegetables were mixed and plated up with one additional "treasure" added in, hence the name "Five Pickled Treasures."

## Delicious Five Pickled Treasures

Pickled vegetables. The fermentation process has added a layer of flavor to the natural sweetness of the ingredients. The crispy texture is a real highlight, and it spices up rice and wine alike exceptionally. A treasure indeed!

## Suspicious Sakura Shrimp Crackers

Crispy, crunchy crackers. The result looks a little dull, though the round shape does indicate that these are indeed "senbei" crackers... albeit ones that taste more like rank "Shrimp" than anything else.

## Sakura Shrimp Crackers

Crispy, crunchy crackers. Potatoes are ground into flour and added to Shrimp and Sakura Blooms before being baked in an oven. It possesses a lovely flavor profile for a snack and is beloved by people of all ages, traits that have made it a popular choice of gift.

## Delicious Sakura Shrimp Crackers

Crispy, crunchy crackers. The lovely hue of the Sakura Bloom is perfectly preserved, as is the elegant flowing shape of the Shrimp. Before you even put it in your mouth, you can already taste the fresh fragrance rushing up your nose. The crispy, refreshing flavor spreads throughout your mouth as you chew, with every bite showing off more of the mingled wonders of sakura and sea.

## Way of the Strong

Arataki Itto's specialty. He insists that this is a "heretofore unmatched dish" hand-made by "Arataki 'Number One Gourmet' Itto." Whether standing, sitting, or lying down, this'll fill your tummy in one shot and send you well on your way to becoming the second-mightiest being in the world. What a swell guy.

## Suspicious Bountiful Year

Luxurious and exquisite raw fish. The unevenly mixed fish and condiments are as bedraggled on the plate as any dejected sailor washed ashore by roiling waves, and they do not arouse your appetites at all. Yet it would be such a further waste of these ingredients if you did not eat them — ah, what a morbid dilemma.

## Bountiful Year

Luxurious and exquisite raw fish. The fish is sliced thinly and arranged in the shape of a flower before a ring of side dishes is set all around it. Normally, the side dishes will be mixed with the raw fish according to one's taste before consumption — this act is said to ensure that things will be smooth sailing in the coming days.

## Delicious Bountiful Year

Luxurious and exquisite raw fish. The stacked raw fish is sliced as thin as cicada wings, and their taste is as light as mist, their pattern lines opal-white, like snow kissing the earth. One can hardly wait to dig in — the soft and smooth meat and myriad condiment flavors coalesce on the tongue, to the praise of all. Truly, this is the flavor experience to top them all!

## Suspicious Dragon Beard Noodles

Noodles that are as slender as the hairs on a dragon's beard. The all-consuming attempt to make the noodles as thin as possible caused the pieces to break up during the cooking process. This is harder than it looks — and you're in need of more practice for sure.

## Dragon Beard Noodles

Noodles that are as slender as the hairs on a dragon's beard. The green onion is fried in a wok before the soup and condiments are added. Last in are the noodles, after which the lot is ladled out and plated up. The noodles must be skillfully hand-pulled multiple times before they become extremely thin — a technique that makes this dish the most challenging noodle recipe in Liyue.

## Delicious Dragon Beard Noodles

Noodles that are as slender as the hairs on a dragon's beard. The slim noodles are as a waterfall, draping their way into a soup that has captured the very essence of the mountains themselves. The softer mouthfeel compared to the average noodle dish makes it nigh impossible to stop eating once you've started.

## Heartstring Noodles

Shenhe's specialty. Perhaps this comes from her desire to recreate a flavor that lives only in her memories, but Shenhe has poured much time and effort into both making and plating this dish. The smooth noodles and delectable soup make a great impression indeed, but the most indelible aspects are the dedication and heart put into this dish...

## Cloud-Shrouded Jade

Yun Jin's specialty. This sweet and sticky snack will somehow not affect your throat in any negative way, which is why it's Yun Jin's favorite. The aftertaste is most elegant, not something one would get sick of quickly. Come to think of it... This is quite a decent bit more than she would usually make for herself — but who are you to question her kindness?

## Suspicious Sangayaki

A simple, humble fisherman's side dish. The overabundance of salt and rank smell of fish roll like a storm through your olfactory senses. Please keep your hands steady — please.

## Sangayaki

A simple, humble fisherman's side dish. Freshly caught fish is de-skinned and sliced, minced together with Snapdragon, mixed with miso and salt to form a batter, and then finally grilled. The lovely scent enters your nose long before the food enters your mouth. Three servings later, and you're still raring to go for more.

## Delicious Sangayaki

A simple, humble fisherman's side dish. Full of nutrition and flavor. The lightly charred, yellowed exterior wraps the tender insides — providing two pleasures at once! Fish paste was already quite delectable raw, and the charcoal grilling only makes it better.

## Suspicious Udon Noodles

Highly springy noodles. The overly bland noodles and soup make for a boring experience. Looks like you've got to pay a bit more attention to seasoning next time.

## Udon Noodles

Highly springy noodles. After several rounds of rising and pulling, the result is silky smooth yet springy noodles. Unlike ramen, which prizes dense flavors, udon noodles use light flavors to heal the Inazuman soul.

## Delicious Udon Noodles

Highly springy noodles. The snow-white, soft yet elastic udon, and the elegantly flavored soup combine to make a simple but comforting dish. The faintest scent of wheat may eventually travel down into your belly together with the sweet noodles, but the aftertaste of warmth will remain.

## Fukuuchi Udon

Yae Miko's specialty. The Fried Tofu in here is specially made by the solemn Lady Kitsune. It is said that if you eat it all at one go with sincerity in your heart, you will have the protection of the Great Kitsune — misfortune shall flee and fortune abound!

## Suspicious Katsu Sandwich

A nutritionally-balanced meal. Well, you say that, but vegetables are withered, the meat is dry and wooden, and the bread slices are way too firm... You know what? It doesn't matter. A person needs to fill their stomach and all...

## Katsu Sandwich

A nutritionally-balanced meal. The two bread slices clip a thick-cut katsu slab between them. The fragrant, slightly sweet-and-sour sauce is the key to preventing this meal from being too rich. A brilliant mix of outlander style and local flavor!

## Delicious Katsu Sandwich

A nutritionally-balanced meal. The fragrant and fluffy bread fills you right up, while the crispy, juicy katsu titillates the senses. One single bite is all it takes to fill you from tongue to gut with satisfaction. Now then, who was the one who first thought of this brilliant combination?

## Suspicious Rainbow Aster

A most unique drink. It certainly looks alright, and it would taste acceptable, if you ignore the astringency caused by improper handling of the Lavender Melons...

## Rainbow Aster

A unique drink. Having featured in the famous light novel "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?", it has since been brought to life by Sailing Breeze in collaboration with Yae Publishing House, along with its fascinating flavor. As this version does not contain any bean products, it is slightly different from the special limited edition that was available during the Irodori Festival, but this also means that there's no risk of triggering any bean allergies.

## Delicious Rainbow Aster

A unique drink. Calla Lilies from Mondstadt and Lavender Melons from Inazuma meet from across mountains and seas before having their flavors blended together to perfection using smooth milk. Novel satisfaction guaranteed — indeed, it is utterly unsurprising that the ill Shogun in the tale was re-energized by the merits of this drink alone.

## Quiet Elegance

Kamisato Ayato's specialty. The arrangement is exquisite and elegant, much like the manner in which Ayato handles all his affairs. Any more, and it would have been excessive. Any less, and it would have proved a sight squandered. As you sample the dish, you find that its flavor is identical to that of Uyuu Restaurant's — amazing. But as you reach your chopsticks for that crystalline camellia, Ayato stops you... "That was something I made during sword practice. It's just a decoration."

## Omurice Waltz

Kuki Shinobu's specialty. The soft egg skin almost seems to dance upon a stage made from sauce, with fluffy rice wrapped under its swaying skirt. This would even be a match for the work of Uyuu Restaurant's head chef. Truly, Shinobu's chef license was not earned in vain.

## Dew-Dipped Shrimp

Yelan's specialty. Amongst the ingredients here is the new tea, Dipped Dew, delivered from Qiaoying Village right to the Teahouse, which was then quickly fried together with freshly-caught river shrimp. The look is sightly, the scent of distant tea, and the taste both tender and springy... Wait a moment. Why's she coming over with that plate of chili?

## The Only Truth

Shikanoin Heizou's specialty. On the tender, moist scrambled eggs lies a juicy katsu fried to golden perfection, its aroma most enticing indeed... Having been tempted to gobble the dish down, you are somehow seized by the urge to let out all that is hidden in your heart — this is not some sort of secret weapon of Heizou... is it?

## Suspicious Butter Chicken

A flavorful dish. The amount of seasoning was clearly miscalculated and the dish just tastes sickeningly heavy as a result. If you have it with a couple of glasses of water, perhaps you might manage to swallow some...

## Butter Chicken

A flavorful dish. Spice and chopped tomatoes were mixed with warm butter, and then cooked into a creamy sauce. Into it went marinated and pan-fried chicken pieces. People from Sumeru prefer eating the dish with rice or flatbread, which allows them to savor the dish's enticing flavor better.

## Delicious Butter Chicken

A flavorful dish. Juicy chicken is saturated with silky sauce. Every bite orchestrates an "elemental symphony of flavors"... Oops, before you even knew it, you had already emptied the plate. Dip the flatbread in the sauce — every last drop of this must go!

## Suspicious Shawarma Wrap

A wrap filled with roasted meat. The meat has been burnt as dark as charcoal. One may officially declare the dish to be hopeless, no matter how one might perfect the pastry shell... Carelessness, it seems, is always an awful ingredient for making food.

## Shawarma Wrap

A wrap filled with roasted meat. Meat shaved off the vertical skewer is wrapped in a flatbread together with vegetables and sauces. Plate it up, and a simple yet delicious Sumeru street food is ready.

## Delicious Shawarma Wrap

A wrap filled with roasted meat. On the thin, soft flatbread lies the tender meat covered in a crispy exterior, and the flavor is enriched by spices and balanced by vegetables. A small mouthful is enough to please one's picky taste buds. Eat carefully, now! You don't want to miss out on a single drop of the juice.

## Suspicious Selva Salad

An Aranara-style salad that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. Ripe — "slightly fermented" to be more precise — Zaytun Peaches give off a bizarre smell. And this is to say nothing of the disproportionate use of mints and roses...

## Selva Salad

An Aranara-style salad that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. Fresh and crispy Zaytun Peach slices are mixed with gently-squeezed Sumeru Roses, which adds a touch of distinctive flavor. Mint is used instead of sugar to avoid getting a sickening sweetness. A refreshing dish that pleases both the eyes and the nose.

## Delicious Selva Salad

An Aranara-style salad that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. Crispy and juicy Zaytun Peaches are served with fresh mints and blooming roses. This delicacy tastes refreshingly sweet and feels pleasantly cool on the tongue — This must be "the Taste of Happiness," as Aranara say.

## Suspicious Masala Cheese Balls

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. The cheese balls are under-cooked, and as a result, you got a mouthful of half-melted cheese and coarse potato chunks. Fry it for a while longer next time, would you?

## Masala Cheese Balls

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. The freshly cooked cheese balls give off a titillating aroma, for a special technique has been used to mix the spices into the dough. A small bite and you will see hot cheese oozing out immediately. Also, potatoes have been stewed till they softened properly. This creamy combination will keep you full for a long time.

## Delicious Masala Cheese Balls

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. The spices were mixed with the other ingredients in a special way to bring out the most original scents. They awaken your taste buds and create a multi-layered flavor profile. The cheese balls are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. They go deliciously well with steamy hot potatoes.

## Suspicious Mushroom Hodgepodge

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. But in fact, it only requires a few common mushrooms from Sumeru, along with some extra seasonings. As for its flavor, you'd believe you've tasted the wildness of nature — ahem, "the scent of the remaining heaps of dirt" is probably the more accurate description though. Such bounties of the mountains and forests are best left for the boars to savor.

## Mushroom Hodgepodge

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon has drained her brain juice dry to improve. But in fact, it only requires a few common mushrooms from Sumeru, along with some extra seasonings. Paimon selected three types of mushrooms, and they were prepared and then cooked in a simple way, but the texture and flavor aren't bad at all.

## Delicious Mushroom Hodgepodge

An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. But in fact, it only requires a few common mushrooms from Sumeru, along with some extra seasonings. The heat and cooking time have been adjusted to preserve the distinctive flavors of three different types of mushrooms. Depending on one's preference, they can either be eaten together or one at a time to study the subtly varying flavors.

## Suspicious Panipuri

A delicacy served with dipping sauce. The green sauce gives off a slightly unusual smell, and its color looks a bit off... Maybe it is a good idea to forget about the sauce and directly go for the panipuri balls.

## Panipuri

An appetizer served with a green dipping sauce. The crispy balls are first deep-fried, then stuffed with a delicious filling through a hole on the top. The bite-sized snack is a common street food in Sumeru.

## Delicious Panipuri

A delicacy that is served with dipping sauce. The round panipuri balls remind you of Slimes. Anticipate the mysterious, bright-colored juice within, and bring it to your mouth — the coolness, sourness, and tingling sensations are bouncing freely on your tongue as if someone has ignited a stick of dreamy dynamite. No wonder that some people in Sumeru are so obsessed with it...

## Suspicious Minty Bean Soup

A rich soup made with simple ingredients. Due to an excess of water, the soup tastes more like a beverage than a proper dish. Why not add some ice and turn it into a bowl of Minty Bean Water, then?

## Minty Bean Soup

A rich soup made with simple ingredients. Mints and beans were boiled and ground together to get a smooth texture. The soup was then left on low heat till it thickened. Finally, some beans and mints were sprinkled on the top. This refreshing delicacy tastes equally good whether served hot or cold.

## Delicious Minty Bean Soup

A rich soup made with simple ingredients. The smooth texture caresses your taste buds, filling your mouth with the refreshing scent of beans and mints. The unadorned yet pleasant flavor reminds you of a leisurely walk in the shade. Who can refuse such simple delight?

## Suspicious Biryani

An aromatic rice dish. The rice grains are soaked in oil and have thus become translucent. Its greasy smell is rather unpleasant. A layer of oil remains on the plate even after you finish the dish... Best to stay away from greasy food for the next few days...

## Biryani

An aromatic rice dish. Stir-fry the meat such that it is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Then stew it with condiments and long-grain rice. Sprinkle a few Padisarah petals before serving. Every grain is saturated with the aroma of fatty meat and condiments. The dish has an exquisite taste only found in Sumeru.

## Delicious Biryani

An aromatic rice dish. The golden crown made of long-grain rice and meat is adorned with Padisarah petals, a picture that reminds you of a desert dotted with oases. The enticing scent of spices dances across each grain of rice. Every mouthful soothes your whole body. It won't take long for a customer to empty the plate. They can't help but lick their mouth, savoring the lingering scent.

## Suspicious Tandoori Roast Chicken

A signature chicken dish of Sumeru. Baked in high heat, the chicken has become dry and wooden. The overabundance of seasonings has covered the original scent of the ingredients. Even someone who likes jerky will need a bottle of water to help swallow the meat.

## Tandoori Roast Chicken

A signature chicken dish in Sumeru. The chicken was first marinated with red spices, and then roasted in a tandoor. The process of making this Sumeru classic does not involve any fancy skills, and the use of such a humble clay oven might be surprising to some. In Sumeru, a tandoor to a veteran chef is as important as a trusty sword to an adventurer.

## Delicious Tandoori Roast Chicken

A signature chicken dish in Sumeru. The vibrant flames have locked the umami inside the chicken's reddened skin. Once it slips into your mouth, the rich flavor will awaken your every taste bud. The chicken and spices seem to have performed a mysterious Sumeru dance on the tip of your tongue, evoking the image of a festive banquet...

## Suspicious Potato Boat

A baked appetizer. The undercooked potato even has dirt on it... A failed attempt at cooking, it seems, and even the cheese that usually goes well with any other ingredients will not be able to save the day.

## Potato Boat

A baked appetizer. The potato was washed clean and then baked together with cheese and Rukkhashava Mushrooms. The dish guarantees an unmatched experience when eaten hot. This explains its popularity on the streets of Sumeru. Still, be careful not to burn your tongue.

## Delicious Potato Boat

A baked appetizer. The oozing cheese flows forth like a golden river, carrying an alluring aroma into your mouth. Soon, you will be amazed by the freshness of the Rukkhashava Mushrooms and the softness of the potato. You can't help but wish that this leisurely and savory tour might last a little longer...

## Forest Watcher's Choice

Tighnari's specialty. The Forest Watcher personally picked out these edible mushrooms — not only the common ones but also a few mysterious-looking shrooms that you have never seen before. No condiments were added, for the limelight should go to the ingredients' unmarred freshness. It must have taken him quite some time to prepare this delicious dish.

## Show Me the Mora

Dori's specialty. After paying a large sum of Mora, you finally got a chance to taste the dish cooked by Lord Sangemah Bay herself. Firm chicken is covered in the silky sauce with a smooth texture. With the mind-controlling charm of its great flavor, this dish is spurring an impulse in you to spend another fortune just to get another bite!

## Suspicious Meat Lovers' Mushroom Pizza

A pizza freshly baked in an oven. The messy lumps of cheese and ingredients give off a greasy smell, with a rock-hard crust just to make things worse. Well, what has the poor dish gone through to end up in this state? Was it the baking time or the excessive fermentation?

## Meat Lovers' Mushroom Pizza

A pizza freshly baked from the oven. The crust is dotted with large chunks of meat and fresh mushroom slices. The sweet, stretchy cheese further adds to the charm. You have no doubt that every slice will be snatched away the moment it is served. Speed, therefore, is a gourmet's best buddy when this pizza is on the table.

## Delicious Meat Lovers' Mushroom Pizza

A pizza freshly baked in an oven. Every inch of the crust is saturated with the fatty aroma of meat. Some mushrooms have been sprinkled on top to add freshness. Just a small mouthful shall greet your taste buds with the rich scent of cheese — most enticing indeed. You can't help reaching for another slice before you've even finished off the one in your hand.

## Suspicious Sunset Berry Tea

A fruity drink with a pleasantly sour taste. You added sugar to temper the sourness of the tea but accidentally lost control of the added quantity. What should have been a thirst-quenching beverage has now become a throat-clenching liquid. Water, let's have some more water...

## Sunset Berry Tea

A fruity drink with a pleasantly sour taste. This scented tea gives off the pleasant aroma of fresh fruit. Its cold and refreshing taste is sure to dispel the stifling heat with each gulp.

## Delicious Sunset Berry Tea

A fruity drink with a pleasantly sour taste. The redolence of tea carries your thoughts away. With one sip of this tea, you feel as if you are lazing in a flourishing orchard, tipsy in the gentle breeze that carries a fruity scent.

## Suspicious Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake

A dark-colored pastry. One look is all it takes to tell that this is a disaster dish and a half. Your immense courage in trying one bite is rewarded with a supremely dry, coarse mouthfeel... Is this some kind of mistake? Was the charcoal plated up instead of the cake?

## Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake

A dark-colored pastry. The Ajilenakh Nuts were first roasted and powdered before being sieved, added to a batter, mixed evenly, and then baked. The final product by no means looks impressive, but it exudes the fresh aroma of Ajilenakh Nuts, and it tastes better still with some jam.

## Delicious Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake

A dark-colored pastry. The pastry is fine, almost lustrous, and the fragrance of the Ajilenakh Nuts is both vivid and full of warmth. The cake is fluffy and delicate as it enters your mouth, exorcising exhaustion and muzzling misery. Ah, just as a book may not be judged by its cover, so too should a cake not be convicted by its crust.

## Suspicious Baklava

A traditional Sumeru dessert. The sickly sweetness explodes in your mouth like a bomb, leaving your teeth rattling in the wake of its saccharine shockwave. The appropriate amount of sweetness lifts the spirits, but too much of it becomes a terrible burden.

## Baklava

A traditional Sumeru dessert. This puff pastry contains chopped nuts and has been baked after having butter drizzled atop it — and not forgetting some syrup once it comes out of the oven. Some researchers will specially order this veritable "fortress of sweetness" to replenish their energies before an exam. This is also why this dish has great pride of place as the Akademiya's favorite dessert.

## Delicious Baklava

A traditional Sumeru dessert. A certain researcher once said that the people of Sumeru can be split into two categories. Those who eat desserts to live, and those who live to eat desserts. The thin puff pastry layers of this dish, and the bone-piercing aroma of butter and honey, may yet consign all who taste it into the second camp.

## Suspicious Candied Ajilenakh Nut

A rich dessert. The hard nut is almost like a stone lying hidden in the sand, waiting to strike. Sweetness brings happiness, yes, but the feeling of the hard bits stuck between your teeth rather ruins it by half.

## Candied Ajilenakh Nut

A rich dessert. First, the syrup is boiled till clear, then mixed with fillings and sesame paste from Sumeru. Then at last, the evenly-mixed syrup is poured into a mold and allowed to solidify into this crunchy form. It is said that the cold lands of Snezhnaya are a host to a similar dish, with a slightly different flavor profile. Of course, both sides naturally believe theirs to be the greatest in all Teyvat.

## Delicious Candied Ajilenakh Nut

A rich dessert. The syrup itself melts upon contact with your mouth, revealing the nut like a gem swathed in velvet, layer leading on to layer of joy. One small bite, and it is as if you are soaked in a tub of silken sweetness. Why, you really, really must make a few pieces more next time!

## Suspicious Padisarah Pudding

A popular dessert in Sumeru. A single bite yields a mix of milky and floral flavors... Which isn't bad, exactly, but remains a far cry from what you expected from this pudding. Did you get the ingredient proportions wrong or something?

## Padisarah Pudding

A popular dessert in Sumeru. Juices are squeezed from the petals of Padisarahs and Sumeru Roses before being mixed with milk, gelatin, sugar, and other ingredients, and then left to solidify. Cute appearance and sweet flavor make it a common sight at celebratory events in Sumeru.

## Delicious Padisarah Pudding

A popular dessert in Sumeru. The moment it enters your mouth, the springy mouthfeel makes you feel like you're wandering atop milk-flavored clouds. As you savor its flavors, the blended fragrance of Padisarah and Sumeru Rose fills the air. When you finally do reach that very last bite, it feels like something has been left unfinished. You cannot help but lick the back of your spoon, as if to savor the final sublime moments of enjoyment.

## Suspicious Aaru Mixed Rice

A large serving of filling staple food. In your hurry, you did not mix the various ingredients well before eating, resulting in a ridiculously thick tomato flavor on one side of the rice, and an utter blandness on the other... Best you mix it a bit better next time.

## Aaru Mixed Rice

A large serving of filling staple food. In this dish that combines rice, noodles, and beans together, the secret of great taste lies in the sweet and sour flavor imparted by tomatoes. Owing to its common nature and low price, this dish is a great choice for sating one's hunger — which is one of the key reasons why this recipe has spread from Aaru Village to the rest of Sumeru.

## Delicious Aaru Mixed Rice

A large serving of filling staple food. Each grain of rice is distinct and evenly coated in flavorful sauce as you spoon them into your mouth. No oily meats were used to make this dish, and yet its flavor is more alluring still. This dish stacks flavor like the endless dunes themselves, bringing a most unique satisfaction.

## Suspicious Fruits of the Festival

A brightly colored non-alcoholic beverage. The sourness of the Wolfhook has not been managed well, leading to a numbing sensation on your tongue. Wait a minute... Is that howling from Wolvendom you hear? That's got to be a hallucination, right? Right?

## Fruits of the Festival

A brightly colored non-alcoholic beverage. Freshly squeezed Sunsettia and Wolfhook juices have been poured into a cup in a specific order. The cool and refreshing flavor and vibrant color remind people of the beautiful holiday times. Do not mess the order up if you want to get the gradient effect right!

## Delicious Fruits of the Festival

A brightly colored non-alcoholic beverage. The sublime enjoyment brought by the refreshing taste is almost like a sweet, illusory dream. One small sip transports you onto a white, sandy beach, where the sparkling seawater beats with the rhythm to which the hymn of your leisurely vacation shall be composed.

## Swirling Steps

Nilou's specialty. The crystal-clear cup that reminds you of an ornate jewel case contains a soft, melt-in-your-mouth pudding. The reddish coloration, like a fleeting trance, reminds you ever so much of Nilou's radiant, dancing form. Ah, would that this dance might last forever.

## Utmost Care

Candace's specialty. The aroma of this dish hits your nose long before it can be plated up. It would seem that Candace's adept guardianship also extends to sustaining appetites... But, uh, this really is an extraordinary amount of Aaru Mixed Rice. How are you supposed to deal with this mountain of "overflowing consideration"?

## Sparkling Berry Juice

An all-new non-alcoholic beverage. Valberries of varying ripeness add layers of sour-to-sweet to this juice while the cooling sparkling water refreshes the soul — a fine companion for a pleasant and leisurely time.

## Halvamazd

Nahida's specialty. It is said that "mazd" means "wisdom" in Sumeru, and such delicate "wisdom" is simply irresistible. There is a gentle smile in Nahida's eyes: "The sea anemone has helped the little fish and witnessed its growth, so it's only natural for the little fish to give something back."

## Traditionally-Made Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cake

Faruzan's specialty. The dark and sweet cake, lying as it does atop a minty-green sauce bed, almost looks like some enigmatic mechanism. Your hesitation must have somehow reached Faruzan, for she then straightened up to assertively reassure you that this was a traditional dish in Sumeru and that its flavor is guaranteed. But you can't help wondering... Is it really a "traditional" dish that catered to the tastes of Sumeru people a hundred years ago?

## Shimi Chazuke

Wanderer's specialty. The mildly bitter fragrance of tea and the refreshingly sweet aroma of rice are perfectly blended together, leaving you to wolf it down insatiably. How did he manage to cook something so extraordinary? Ah, your expression must have betrayed this thought to him, for his face suddenly turns grim: "Have you finished yet? Stop gawking and go wash the dishes now."

## Qingce Household Dish

Yaoyao's specialty. It looks rather mundane as it is not displayed with the same luxurious aesthetic as dishes prepared by a fancy restaurant. However, as soon as you take a bite, the flavor immediately offers you a fragrant and intimate experience, certain to leave an ever-lasting impression. After a single taste, what's on your tongue will be on your heart for good. As for the reason, maybe the secret ingredient to this recipe is simply "caring."

## Crocodile Jerky

Crocodile jerky prepared using a special recipe of the Tanit tribe. Though a bit hard to chew, the meat's ease of storage makes it a commonly consumed delicacy for tribal hunters.
Despite tasting like fowl, the nutritional value of crocodile meat is said to be eight times more than the flesh of more typical beasts...

## Suspicious Tulumba

A snack fried in oil. The fruit-shaped pieces of batter were not rescued from the oil-filled pot in time, and when you bite into it, your mouth practically overflows with grease, a predicament from which only a speedy chug of coffee can save you.

## Tulumba

A snack fried in oil. Shaped flour is lowered directly into the pot to be deep-fried until golden-brown before being fished out and dipped into syrup while piping hot. This treat is an inseparable companion to many in Sumeru.

## Delicious Tulumba

A snack fried in oil. The radiant, golden fruit-shaped pieces wrapped up in tasty syrup are gone ever so quickly, one bite and one piece at a time. Hmm, there's still one thread of honey on the plate. Perhaps this sweetness can yet be made to last one second more...

## Suspicious Gilded Tajine

A stewed meat dish. Though it appears edible enough, a single taste reveals that the meat is dry as bones, almost as if one is chewing on branches. Did something go wrong with the lid? Or was the application of the pot at fault?

## Gilded Tajine

A stewed meat dish. The unique hat-shaped pot cover is capable of reducing the amount of moisture lost during the stewing process — a culinary secret known only to the desert folk. This delicious delicacy has followed the gilded Eremites all over Sumeru, and thus did it gain its name and fame.

## Delicious Gilded Tajine

A stewed meat dish. The large chunks of meat have been steeped in the thick, rich soup, and they melt away the instant they touch your lips. The unique spice blend dances along with the rhythm of the meat aromas, playing the desert's tune upon your taste buds, with your tongue helpless but to applaud.

## Suspicious Super Magnificent Pizza

An exceedingly sumptuous pizza. If one ignores the grease for a moment, the cold meat chunks can still be forced down, but the stale pastry poses quite the challenge nonetheless... With how hard it is, perhaps you could lay a hilichurl out with it?

## Super Magnificent Pizza

An exceedingly sumptuous pizza. First lay out a base of ham, then add in meat that has been chopped up into little bits for a dish that packs an unrivaled sense of satisfaction. Once roasted, the char of meat and the creamy flavor of the cheese are truly a tantalizing combination.

## Delicious Super Magnificent Pizza

An exceedingly sumptuous pizza. Amidst the heat that rises as it freshly exits the oven, give the crisp edges a gentle pull — a veritable waterfall of cheese gushes forth, wrapped up in the dense aroma of meat that satisfies the taste buds and gives a wondrous, hearty sense of fullness.

## Suspicious Minty Fruit Tea

A cooling and refreshing drink. The very first sip sends your teeth practically fleeing from the onslaught of the sour taste. The light sweetness has been utterly usurped by a tyrannical astringency. Is this really fruit tea?

## Minty Fruit Tea

A cooling and refreshing drink. The invigorating tea and the sweet-sour taste of fruit blend together and energize your taste buds, and before you know it, you've already drained your entire cup.

## Delicious Minty Fruit Tea

A cooling and refreshing drink. The sweet flavor of the tea combines with light, clear floral notes on one hand, and tangles with a dash of fruity on the other, filling your mouth and throat with their aroma. Wait a moment — why are there only ice cubes left in the cup?

## Goldflame Tajine

Dehya's specialty. As you open the unassuming lid, you are greeted with supple meat that turns out to be so tender that one could get drunk on the sensation of it slipping between your lips... It seems that Dehya's dab kitchen hand is as steady as her sword-arm.

## Surveyor's Breakfast Sandwich

Mika's specialty. The luxurious spread before you is a veritable hillock of ingredients, and as you take a small bite, each clearly-demarcated layer of flavor and savory spice spreads throughout your mouth, as if you have climbed some mountain of gourmet. Are these the culinary skills he has honed while with the Knights?

## Suspicious Fatteh

A dish from ancient Sumeru. Should one have the patience to remove the half-cooked Glabrous Beans and the brittle bits of scorched bread, the yogurt sauce that remains could pass for a dessert...

## Fatteh

An ancient Sumeru dish. The baked bread is crumbled and mixed with boiled Glabrous Beans and preprepared yogurt sauce, and then it is ready to be served. This recipe has been passed down for a long time and has many variants, but they all share one thing in common — being simple and delicious.

## Delicious Fatteh

A dish from ancient Sumeru. With the Glabrous Beans coated in the silken smoothness of the yogurt sauce, the smooth texture greets your tongue like a blissful dream. And even after you have awoken, you might still taste the filling fragrance of baked flatbread between your teeth.

## Suspicious Jade Fruit Soup

A traditional Liyue dessert dish. Carelessly dumping all the ingredients into the pot will result in something akin to a Slime Concentrate in taste... Um, although the texture might affect one's enjoyment of this dish, the ingredients themselves should still be good for your health...

## Jade Fruit Soup

A traditional Liyue dessert. The water is brought to boil, various ingredients are added in, and then it is simmered for some time before rock sugar is added. The liquid mixture is then simmered until clear and thick. The lengthy simmering creates a soup with a gentle mouthfeel, causing the ingredients to melt with just a light sip. Suitable for all ages.

## Delicious Jade Fruit Soup

A traditional Liyue dessert dish. The large chunk of fruit soaked in the soup seems like unto a lonesome boat drifting down a flowing river, and the fresh taste of the dish assails like a sudden breeze.

## The Endeavor

Kaveh's specialty. The golden crust of the biscuit is arranged to resemble the Palace of Alcazarzaray, and the meal rises like a tower from a pure-white pond of yogurt sauce. Though the creator of the dish has placed a monumental amount of effort into its creation, he seems to have missed the fact that all the biscuits must be broken during the process of consumption.

## Heat-Quelling Soup

Baizhu's specialty. "This isn't actually medicine, merely something that can alleviate dryness." As Baizhu's concerned voice echoes in your ears, a bowl of lustrous fruit soup greets your gaze. "This dish didn't use to have sugar, but he was worried that you wouldn't be used to the bitter taste, so he added some to it," added Changsheng.

## Suspicious Fontainian Foie Gras

A traditional dish of Fontaine. You feel as if you were having a spoonful of oil, and if you venture to take another bite, it is just too greasy to swallow. Did they pour in a whole jar of oil when cooking the dish?

## Fontainian Foie Gras

A traditional dish of Fontaine. The foie gras only needs to be pan-fried before being served. Thanks to the masterful temperature control, the golden-brown foie gras tastes enticingly tender. The process takes focus and concentration, or else the delicious liver might be liquefied into an oily mess.

## Delicious Fontainian Foie Gras

A traditional dish of Fontaine. The tender and buttery foie gras greets your tastebuds with silky dance moves before waltzing down your throat like smooth satin. Such a supreme delight makes all other dishes you will have in the future taste bland in comparison — that being said, you can hardly regret eating it, can you?

## Suspicious Cream of Mushroom Soup

A bisque that can be found everywhere. A small sip, and the weird taste already freezes you. You can't help but pray: "Archons above, please tell me it's not dirt that I'm tasting..."

## Cream of Mushroom Soup

A bisque that can be found everywhere. Blend cooked ingredients until they are liquefied, and heat the soup with cream until it is thickened up — voila! A simple dish that warms your stomach as well as your heart.

## Delicious Cream of Mushroom Soup

A bisque that can be found everywhere. Its creamy texture feels like a silky garment, and you seem to be dancing on the stage in this beautiful attire... The curtain has fallen, but the memory lingers.

## Suspicious Garlic Baguette

Sliced baguette. It is so hard that one can't help but look at the plate and wonder: Is this baguette a stone in disguise?

## Garlic Baguette

Sliced baguette. Taken freshly out of the oven, the bread has a crispy, crackling crust, and soft, fluffy crumb. The aroma of butter and garlic further adds to the baguette's tastiness! No wonder you often see Fontainians buying a baguette on their way home after work.

## Delicious Garlic Baguette

Sliced baguette. It is said that every now and then, the people of Fontaine organize baking competitions. The bakers who make the best baguette get to show off their skills in the Palais Mermonia. This baguette could definitely win first prize in those competitions!

## Suspicious Fish and Chips

A deep-fried appetizer. Any Fontainian unfortunate enough to eat this dish would file a complaint with the Palais Mermonia: Fish and Chips that have gone soft should be banned and made illegal before more people fall victim to them!

## Fish and Chips

A deep-fried appetizer. Coat fish fillets with batter and deep-fry until golden and crispy, then add a few chips on the side. This combination is so miraculous that whatever sauce you choose, it will always bring a hearty smile to your face.

## Delicious Fish and Chips

A deep-fried appetizer. As the fish fillets and chips crack up with laughter in the hot, sizzling oil, their aromas meld perfectly before permeating the room... If there is anything that's more pleasurable than eating chips, that must be eating chips while also taking a huge bite of the fish fillet!

## Suspicious Poissonchant Pie

A fish pie. One can never fathom how each fish head ended up gazing in a different direction, turning their supposed "Chanson" into disorganized cries. A bite is enough to invite the sudden attack of a gamey taste, and your tastebuds are already admitting defeat. You seem to hear the fish wailing... Th—Those must be hallucinations, right?

## Poissonchant Pie

A fish pie. Mix the fillings and put the dough right on it. The key is to arrange the fish heads properly before baking. This way, when the dish is ready, every fish will gaze upward as if chanting in unison.

## Delicious Poissonchant Pie

A fish pie. Fish fat sizzles near the dancing flame and then drips into the dough as the crust becomes golden and crispy. No one can resist the temptation to immediately have a try once the dish is freshly out of the oven. It feels as if the fish were singing a romantic and savory paean on the tip of your tongue.

## Suspicious Fruity Trio

A dessert with a romantic flair. The meringue has been baked to form a passable shape — albeit after several failed attempts that resulted in suspicious, burnt lumps. Unfortunately though, the cooking took so long that the Bulle Fruit now grimaces with frustration and no longer tastes sweet.

## Fruity Trio

A dessert with a romantic flair. Add jam and fillings made from Bulle Fruit into tart shells and spread some meringue over the top before baking in the oven. The dish offers three fruity aromas all in one bite, making it a top choice for post-meal snacks.

## Delicious Fruity Trio

A dessert with a romantic flair. The crispy and flaky tart shell and refreshing fruit fillings melt in your mouth. The harmonious coalescence of brown and white colors on the meringue reminds one of a stretch of gilded cloud in the warm sunlight. A pleasant surprise to your tastebuds indeed.

## Suspicious Vessie Chicken

A famous Fontainian cuisine. After a painstaking process of stuffing the chicken into the boar's bladder, you expectantly sample the dish that's finally ready... Ugh, what's the strange flavor? You begin to wonder if you're eating a boar or a chicken.

## Vessie Chicken

A famous Fontainian cuisine. "Vessie" means "bladder" in Fontaine. As the name suggests, the seasoned chicken meat is enclosed in a forest boar's bladder when being poached in a meat broth. The bladder will puff out during the process like a rotund Specter. People usually only eat the chicken meat inside.

## Delicious Vessie Chicken

A famous Fontainian cuisine. Delicious juice locked inside the meat gives off a rich and layered aroma. This dish is considered a highly sought-after cuisine by many gourmets. After wolfing down the whole plate, one can't help but lick their lips, savoring the lingering scent. This exquisite cuisine is no doubt the crown jewel of Fontaine's gastronomy.

## Suspicious Fontainian Onion Soup

An onion soup. The first few sips taste fine, but when you begin to gulp it down, the greasy cheese almost gives you palpitations... You probably don't want to have any soup in your presence the following week.

## Fontainian Onion Soup

An onion soup. Stir-fry the onion until it is slightly charred, and boil it in broth. Transfer the contents to a soup bowl, add a slice of bread, sprinkle some cheese, and bake it in the oven. Well-seasoned chefs never cry when chopping onions, and here's their secret trick: Let the apprentices do the job.

## Delicious Fontainian Onion Soup

An onion soup. Stretchy and golden cheese lies on a slice of bread that is crispy on top and soft on the bottom. The rich onion aroma is combined with a slightly salty taste. A small sip is enough to warm one up.

## Suspicious Fontaine Aspic

A cold dish made from seafood. It makes a nice appetizer so long as you can avoid the traps — fish bones to be more precise — hidden within the aspic.

## Fontaine Aspic

A cold dish made from seafood. Grind fish meat into a paste and add it to a rectangular mold to be baked. Leave the dish to cool before serving. It feels cold on the tongue but warm in the heart.

## Delicious Fontaine Aspic

A cold dish made from seafood. The fish roe in the aspic explodes on your tastebuds, igniting delightful surprises. It didn't take long before you clean your plate. Since there is no one around... it's okay to lick the plate, right?

## Suspicious Pate de Fruit

A gummy candy. The sticky candy is glued to your teeth, making it a challenging task to continue chewing. Although it doesn't take much effort to clean your teeth, the stickiness has completely ruined your sweet moment.

## Pate de Fruit

A gummy candy. It was first created as a way to preserve fruits. With the passage of time, the candy has made its way into every Fontainian's childhood memories. It is sweet and chewy, and one can never have enough of them.

## Delicious Pate de Fruit

A gummy candy. It fills your mouth with fruity aromas as if a whole orchard were condensed inside the little gummy. Before you know it, you've devoured the entire jar, and not even the frosting on your fingers is spared!

## Suspicious Conch Madeleine

A supposedly "lovely-looking" dessert. It would take a wild imagination to associate this weird-looking cake with the Beryl Conch... Its passable taste is a silver lining, though.

## Conch Madeleine

A lovely-looking dessert. It is believed that this dessert was created by a cook working for a rich Fontainian family. To cheer their young master up, the cook made a Beryl Conch-shaped cake. The authenticity of this story can no longer be verified, but the cake's delicious taste is beyond doubt.

## Delicious Conch Madeleine

A lovely-looking dessert. There's a saying in Fontaine: "There are only two types of people: those who love Conch Madeleine and those who haven't tried it." Everyone falls in love with this cake the instant they taste it!

## Cubic Tricks

Lyney's specialty. He covered the fruit you picked with velvet and then uncovered it — voila! You were greeted by a colorful assortment of gummies. You sampled one and your mood immediately changed. Did the great magician cast some incredible enchantment spell to bewitch the heart while no one was watching?

## A Leisurely Sip

Lynette's specialty. It was time for afternoon tea, and Lynette laid down a snack made especially for you. The image of the young lady taking small sips from the cup and the image of the kitten-shaped dessert seemed to overlap. Your heart was filled with sweetness, but you were also a bit concerned about the state of the kitchenware...

## Suspicious Fruity Duet

A dual-flavored fruity beverage. The pulp at the bottom tastes just as bitter as drinking it makes you feel... How about making another cup to dispel that bitterness from your mouth and heart?

## Fruity Duet

A dual-flavored fruity beverage. Add a thick layer of pulp at the bottom and then pour in a smoothie made out of juice and tea. Its layered flavors of fresh fruit are so tempting that no one is able to refuse the drink.

## Delicious Fruity Duet

A dual-flavored fruity beverage. A small sip sends you to a beach paradise, the fragrance of fruit dancing upon your lips as you lie upon the white sands, watching the orange sun slowly rising, warming your heart and lifting your spirits.

## Suspicious Fruity Smoothie

A beverage of simple and clean colors. The freezing-cold smoothie seems to send you directly to the peak of Dragonspine. It's so cold up there, you can feel yourself accumulating Sheer Cold... You'd better find a bonfire quickly to stave off the damage before you hit the limit!

## Fruity Smoothie

A beverage with simple colors. The smoothie made out of fruit-flavored yogurt has been arranged to resemble the blue sky and white clouds. At the bottom is a thick layer of jelly and finely-cut fruit. The revitalizing flavor makes this beverage the best choice in the summer.

## Delicious Fruity Smoothie

A beverage of simple and clean colors. The refreshing smoothie with a faint fruity scent reminds you of the ethereal clouds above Qingyun Peak. Does it taste as light and fluffy?

## Suspicious Haggis

A dish with a very distinctive flavor. Dry and coarse kernels of... something... scrape the surface of your tongue, making you feel like this may not be something edible at all. As you laboriously chew, you can't help but wonder... Did some chips of firewood or something accidentally get mixed in while it was being made?

## Haggis

A dish with strong and distinctive flavors. Chop up the sheep offal, mix it with oatmeal, and stuff the mixture into a sheep stomach along with various seasonings and spices to form a bag. When the dish is served, this stomach-bag is usually removed while the fillings are served with radish paste and mashed potatoes. This is a local specialty that Fontainians often cook as a treat for important guests.

## Delicious Haggis

A dish with strong and distinctive flavors. After venturing a nibble, the mellow and rich taste of the offal and various spices serve up layer after layer of piquancy to your taste buds. As you savor the flavor, the abundant meaty aroma fills your mouth with a bountiful aftertaste that lingers long after you have finished. No wonder it inspires such strong emotions in the hearts of poets, and they can seldom resist dedicating a paean to this dish after trying it.

## Suspicious Tripes du Port

An offal dish. The texture of the cow's stomach is like wind-dried leather, and it is completely unchewable. Even worse is the strange flavor spreading throughout your mouth, it's like you've taken an "expired canned food" challenge... Just giving up might be your best option.

## Tripes du Port

An offal dish. Cut the ingredients into pieces, put them in a pot, seal with dough, and bake. This recipe originated in a harbor town. The story of the town has long been swallowed by the rising seas, but this delicacy yet survives in Fontaine.

## Delicious Tripes du Port

An offal dish. The flaky yet soft cow's stomach has an almost fruity fragrance. Unlike other surprising delicacies that take the world by storm, the dish is overflowing with rich traditional savor, and once you have a single bite, you simply cannot stop!

## Suspicious Tomates Narbonnaises

A dish of meat and vegetables. Each dully colored tomato seems to be almost trembling, as though it wants to open its mouth and sob at what it has become. Even worse, the ground meat inside tastes like wood chips. There's four of these cup-like tomato abominations, just how should they be dealt with?

## Tomates Narbonnaises

A dish with a well-balanced proportion of meat and vegetables. Hollow out a round tomato, fill the hollowed tomato with ground meat, then bake this combination. This dish has a sour flavor and a tender texture. It is a very popular choice on Fontainian tables.

## Delicious Tomates Narbonnaises

A dish of meat and vegetables. Juicy mouthwatering tomatoes filled with hearty meat, each one has an agile, charming aroma, which explodes into a splendid savor after biting into it. After eating a single one, all the dark clouds in your heart will have been banished by the rich deliciousness emanating from your tongue.

## Suspicious Consommé

A soup with a complex recipe. A turbid and muddy looking fluid, a single glance is enough to tell this is a failed creation. Perhaps the only thing in Fontaine that would accept such "food" are the Tainted Hydro Phantasms roaming beside the water...

## Consommé

A soup with a recipe involving many steps. Mash ingredients, then stew the mash in broth, and finally serve only the clear soup from the stew. Mysterious gossip on the streets in Fontaine claims that a writer suffering from writer's block had a sudden burst of inspiration after slurping this soup down... But how can one be sure that such stupendous effects are really not false advertising cooked up by some restaurant?

## Delicious Consommé

A soup with a complex recipe. A clear soup that combines the essence of the boundless blue skies above and the limitless land below, the aromas of meat and vegetables blended seamlessly into a greater whole. No wonder a columnist for The Steambird, once unable to squeeze out a single word onto the blank paper before them, drank a single bowl and immediately became a font of literary genius, every word nearly as exquisite as this dish.

## Suspicious Boudin Noir aux Pommes

A traditional Fontainian dish. It seems too much oil was accidentally added, creating an extremely greasy product dripping in the stuff. If you can think of a good way to absorb and remove the excess oil, it might become edible.

## Boudin Noir aux Pommes

A traditional Fontainian dish. Fry the apple slices and blood sausage slices separately and serve them on a plate with sauce. Judging by the name of this dish, tourists from other nations often think it should be a dessert, while Boudin Noir is actually just a name for blood sausage.

## Delicious Boudin Noir aux Pommes

A traditional Fontainian dish. A perfect combination, with the sweet fragrance of the apples neutralizing the fat of the blood sausage. An enticing, slightly burnt smell wafts upwards from the plate, and the eyes of those who see it light up as they shout with joy and anticipation.

## Suspicious Cassoulet

A simple rustic stew. Though it looks okay at a glance, as you begin to eat, you notice a slight burned taste, before realizing the bottom layer of ingredients has been so badly burned they've all fused to the casserole. Ugh... next time, stir the ingredients occasionally while cooking...

## Cassoulet

A simple countryside stew. Simply put all the ingredients in a casserole, mix them up, and cook until they are ready to serve. It is worth noting that the full name of this dish is "Glabrous Beans, Fowl Confit, and Smoked Sausage Stew in Cassoulet Casserole with a Side of Marcotte." The intimidating lengthiness of the name has, understandably, driven people to just call it "Cassoulet."

## Delicious Cassoulet

A simple rustic stew. Time is the most wondrous of weapons for catalyzing the creation of deliciousness, and time allows the meat in this dish to soak up the ocean of stewed flavor it is bathing in, becoming soft and fragrant. Together with the rich aroma of the beans, it conjures a warm delight in one's mouth that stirs the spirit.

## Suspicious Crepes Suzette

Crepes with fillings. The first bite is so bland you wonder if you've lost your sense of taste. The second bite is so unbearably sweet that you wish you actually had lost it... Such a stimulating culinary experience is like riding a waverider into a storm: Even if you make it to the shore, you'll be traumatized.

## Crepes Suzette

Crepes with fillings. Fry the crepes first, then serve them with jam, cream, and fruit slices. In fact, the recipe has quite a few variants. The dish's taste differs according to the different ingredients used.

## Delicious Crepes Suzette

Crepes with fillings. The light cream and delectable jam are composed into a symphony of flavor, folded into a masterfully cooked soft crepe, as though robed in silken perfection, inviting your tongue to join an elegant, endless waltz of culinary delight.

## "Consommé Purete"

Neuvillette's specialty. He claims he specifically selected the purest, chilliest waters from the highest mountains to create this exquisite and matchless treasure. Though it does have a refreshing quality, as for how the overall flavor of the soup is no different from ordinary soups... It's probably best not to mention it.

## Suspicious La Lettre a Focalors

A small cake, shaped into a long rectangle. The flavor of each layer seems more or less the same, and... wait a minute, it's even missing a few layers! Connoisseurs will know the bakery messed up badly after the first bite.

## La Lettre a Focalors

A small cake, shaped into a long rectangle. It is said that long, long ago, a certain patissier used the great love the people of Fontaine held for their Hydro Archon as inspiration to create this confectionary masterpiece. The manifold layers stacked one upon the other are a true test of the chef's skills, and each aspect of this cake is proof of the great Hydro Archon's influence.

## Delicious La Lettre a Focalors

A small cake, shaped into a long rectangle. The endlessly indulgent aroma of coffee and almonds draws you in and pushes your thoughts forward, as though you absentmindedly stumbled into an extravagant opera without even realizing it. You find yourself drowning in the twists and turns of this luxurious performance, and only hope that the finale never comes.

## Suspicious Blubber Profiterole

A cream-filled dessert. It's been sitting out way too long, and the once-flaky crust is now soft and mushy. It is... quite different from the crispy texture you imagined. After trying a single bite, you want to just pass the "death sentence" on this erstwhile dessert.

## Blubber Profiterole

A cream-filled dessert. Fluffy, flaky crust cradles a rich cream within. Round and nearly bursting, it's as cute as a Blubberbeast's belly. Few hearts can escape being ensnared by the thick, soft cream within.

## Delicious Blubber Profiterole

A cream-filled dessert. After the first morsel crosses your lips, you simply cannot help but scarf the rest down! Even the remnants of the cream lingering on the corners of your mouth is enough to flood your heart with contented bliss. If only every meal could be followed by such sweet perfection... Ah! How wondrous would this adventurous life be!

## "Pour la Justice"

Furina's specialty. "Pour la Justice" means "veneration of justice" in Fontaine, and she who once performed on the greatest of stages bore witness to the birth of sublime justice. Its layered flavors seem to swell and fade like the waves of the sea, before finally relaxing as though laying down a heavy burden. Perhaps it reflects something she personally experienced?

## Exclusive Scoop: Gourmet Column

Charlotte's specialty. A snack that she stuffed in your hands while you accompany her on a relentless pursuit of exclusive scoops. You glance at her skipping beside you, and the excited rhythm of her steps slowly overlaps with the crackling of crispy fried fish fillets in your mouth... Though this latest news has yet to be turned into a finished story, the joy and contentment in your heart has already reached its peak.

## Suspicious Feast-O's

A golden brown fried snack, from which the excess oil was drained after much arduous labor, only to result in a soggy fried slop stripped of any crispiness. Hmm... Might the gulls by the shore be willing to accept such a meager offering?

## Feast-O's

A golden brown fried snack. Mashed chicken is shaped into a hollow "O" shape by combining them with onion rings. Mashed fish and potatoes are similarly combined into a round form, making up the meat of the "feast." Put them both into a pot of hot oil and presto — your "Feast-O's" are born amidst the crackling oil.

## Delicious Feast-O's

A golden brown fried snack. Freshly fried and fully fragrant they come, ready to get appetites roaring. With the ring in your left hand and the round in your right, behold, the crest of crispness lies in your grasp. Dig in! Let the flavor flood forth into your mouth.

## Suspicious Rainbow Macarons

Small, multi-colored round pastries. The first one feels empty, the second is slanted, the third uneven, and the fourth's a fickle mix... As expected of a Fontainian dessert dictated by dozens of details, this will take more work to master.

## Rainbow Macarons

Small, multi-colored round pastries. There's a saying in Fontaine that a dessert spread without macarons is like having the many waters bereft of their source. Never mind the dessert artists in Fontainian kitchens — even dessert dilettantes on the streets know this adage by heart.

## Delicious Rainbow Macarons

Small, multi-colored round pastries. The crisp shell wraps a thick, soft filling, and all is right with the world. Try one, and it shall be as if a little kitten's nose is nuzzling against your chest. Surely no one could help but fall for such an experience.

## Sin: The Kind that Doesn't Need to be Dealt With

Chevreuse's specialty. There is something indubitably "sinful" about this dish from a health standpoint. As the leader of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, she will not lightly hand the task of dealing with sin to others — this is a matter of professionalism and personal ethics, after all. Sometimes, though, sharing such a solemn duty with one she trusts deeply is an... acceptable way of relieving stress.

## "Pick What You Like!"

Navia's specialty. "Come on, pick the one you like!" Along with the familiar cries of joy, you see before your eyes the aesthetically pleasing double-layered dessert stand and the neat rows of macarons with different expressions painted onto them. One thought suddenly fascinates you... What expression would Navia make if you were to give in to greed and steal all of them for yourself?

## Suspicious Fontinalia Mousse

A true blue Fontinalia Festival snack. That said, a true tragedy seems to have befallen this serving, reminding one of nothing so much as a Cryo Whopperflower... Are you sure the Lakelight Lilies in this one weren't, in truth, Whopperflowers? Uh, best you get rid of this on the down low... serving a dish like this during the festival might just be a chargeable offense!

## Fontinalia Mousse

A true blue Fontinalia Festival snack. This mousse is shaped in the image of the Lakelight Lily's bud. After the Festival's customs were changed to align more with dessert delectation, it quickly came to be a much-favored Fontainian food favorite. Don't forget to share them with all the trial-or-treaters who come your way!

## Delicious Fontinalia Mousse

A true blue Fontinalia Festival snack. Its crystalline coloration would not be ashamed if compared to the light scattering off the rippling waves. Its featherweight elegance is like that of falling petals, its airy texture like a snowflake melting in your throat. To eat such a delicacy must surely be the loveliest thing that could happen during the Festival!

## Suspicious The Palace Jewels

A deliciously fragrant Liyue dish. The roughly processed shrimp and half-cooked crab roe give off an odd smell, reeking of the charnel stench of some brutal crab-shrimp war. Considering that the raw ingredients themselves are still quite fresh, this shambling nightmare could still be classified as food... if one were to ignore the stink, anyway.

## The Palace Jewels

A deliciously fragrant Liyue dish. Shrimp meat is battered and cooked with rich crab roe. The roe is as radiant gold, while the shrimp sparkles like jade, hence the name "The Palace Jewels."

## Delicious The Palace Jewels

A deliciously fragrant Liyue dish. Soft, smooth crab meat is wrapped in tender, chewy shrimp meat, like a luxurious treasure that people unconsciously reach for. One delicate bite fills your mouth with flavor, like waves billowing across your palate as you float in a delicious river of shrimp and crab.

## Suspicious Trembling Strings and Rushing Reeds

A unique meat dish. The mixed shredded meat was fused from being cooked over far too high a temperature, turning the whole dish into a meat slurry. A single bite — a roused rabble of different flavors — leaves your taste buds in utter turmoil.

## Trembling Strings and Rushing Reeds

A unique meat dish. A variety of shredded meat is kneaded and fried for flavor. The complex ingredients and different textures make this dish quite the test of a chef's skills and is a rarity even in some of the most well-known restaurants.

## Delicious Trembling Strings and Rushing Reeds

A unique meat dish. Each type of shredded meat plays its role in an orchestra of flavor, while the delicate seasoning skillfully blends the various tonal tastes. As one critic put it, just as there are myriad modes, nuanced notes, and complex compositional correspondence, so is it with flavor, the apex of which might even transport you to a different realm...

## Suspicious Right at Home

A staple dish with many ingredients. Insufficient heat and all-too-abundant moisture have left the taste lackluster, lacking the smoky flavor it should have. Better luck next time, preferably while frying on higher heat...

## Right at Home

A staple dish made by frying ham, bird eggs, and other ingredients with rice. The wide choice of constituent ingredients that may be chosen and different ways of cooking make it a welcome dish in almost every house in Liyue.

## Delicious Right at Home

A staple dish with many ingredients. Golden egg yolk coats each grain of rice, the high heat having infused the rich flavor of the ham within. Such a familiar, home-style flavor will surely make any family or friends who've traveled from afar feel right at home.

## Suspicious Eight-Treasure Duck

A dish that needs true skills to make. Your eyes ache by the time you finish removing all the bones. It seems this dish has proved a test not only for your knife skills but also for your physical endurance and patience. Shame, then, that the duck, so carefully arranged, practically blew apart inside the pan... Forget about trying this again. Just close your eyes and take it easy for a bit.

## Eight-Treasure Duck

A dish that needs true skill to make. Eight kinds of meat and vegetables, known as the eight treasures, are stuffed into a deboned duck. This is then molded into the shape of a gourd, to represent good fortune and auspiciousness. Exquisite ingredients, superb cutting skills, and phenomenal timing are all needed, that the finished dish might be worthy of its place as the final course at any banquet.

## Delicious Eight-Treasure Duck

A dish that needs true skill to make. The plump and juicy lucky duck is irresistible as soon as it's out of the pot. Add fragrant gravy and a touch of rosy gloss, and this can be said to be the perfect combination of color, flavor, and shape, every bite a veritable flood of flavor with an enduring aftertaste.

## Suspicious Deep-Fried Doublecrisp

One of Liyue's famous dishes. One careless flip and the raging fire mercilessly swept all crispness and tenderness aside, leaving naught but charred, blackened chunks in its wake.

## Deep-Fried Doublecrisp

One of Liyue's famous dishes. Between the fierce heat, the boiling oil, and the sautéing process, this is a stern test of one's skills. Cook for a few seconds too few, and your ingredients might be left raw. Too many, and they will be overcooked and lacking in crispness. As such, this dish is often chosen by experienced Liyue chefs to display their mastery.

## Delicious Deep-Fried Doublecrisp

One of Liyue's famous dishes. Scalloped red and white meat flowers, stir-fried as one, bloom tastiness on the tip of the tongue. Smooth, crispy, salty, and delicious, this is a must-have dish. You won't stop singing its praises even as you lick the plate clean.

## Suspicious Braised Meatball

A classic Liyue dish. The round shape and fragrant aroma seem on point, but it proves overly dry once you taste it. Perhaps you used too much lean meat in this one?

## Braised Meatball

A classic Liyue dish. Fatty and lean chunks of meat are mixed with crunchy bamboo shoots before being kneaded into a ball, fried, and then boiled. The finished dish is very popular, finding a place at home meals or banquets alike.

## Delicious Braised Meatball

A classic Liyue dish. Emerald green onions and the ruby red meatball complement each other perfectly, while exquisite and extraordinary knife skills make for a melt-in-your-mouth meatball, fatty but not greasy, guaranteed to have you praising it all week. Don't forget to clean your plate for good luck!

## Suspicious Jadevein Tea Eggs

A traditional Liyue snack. It tastes no different from a standard boiled egg. Did something go wrong with the tea leaves or the cooking process?

## Jadevein Tea Eggs

A traditional snack that is widely popular in the streets and alleys of Liyue. The flavor of the tea seeps into the egg through cracks in its shell while it is boiling, and the cracks are as beautiful as the fractured patterns of jade.

## Delicious Jadevein Tea Eggs

A traditional Liyue snack. The aroma of tea finds itself perfectly blended into the eggs. A dollop of deliciousness whether eaten all in one go or savored in small nibbles.

## Suspicious Guhua Fish & Lamb Soup

An ancient dish, long recorded throughout history. Alas, there's no time to worry about such matters, as the gamey mutton and rank fish vie for dominance within your mouth. Your poor taste buds sure could use an eternity of rinsing after that.

## Guhua Fish & Lamb Soup

An ancient dish, long recorded throughout history. Fresh fish and mutton are stewed together, with the tenderness of the fish and the juiciness of the lamb blending transforming the dish into a true delicacy.

## Delicious Guhua Fish & Lamb Soup

An ancient dish, long recorded throughout history. As the milky white soup slides down the throat, you can only wish you had two stomachs. Eat a pot of this in winter, and you'll wish you were still eating it the following spring.

## Encompassing Gladness

Xianyun's specialty. Before you can even look shocked to see these fragrant meatballs, she says: "Ah, and you thought such pedestrian culinary work could confound one? Now then, enjoy it while it remains hot — and may one wish you peace, joy, prosperity, and freedom from distress... *cough* What? A little ritual formality now and then could do no ill."

## Suspicious Bulle Sauce Duck Breast

A meat dish with the fragrant fullness of fruit. The sauce hasn't counteracted the greasiness of the duck at all — in fact, it's given it a bitter edge instead. The appetite evoked upon seeing it presented so beautifully seems to have disappeared equally as suddenly after your first bite.

## Bulle Sauce Duck Breast

A meat dish with the fragrant fullness of fruit. After sautéeing the duck breast, slice it and plate the meat before drizzling Bulle Fruit sauce atop it. Crisp skin, sumptuous tender meat, and sauce mingling sweet and sour come together in an ensemble that is a classic Fontainian delicacy.

## Delicious Bulle Sauce Duck Breast

A meat dish with the fragrant fullness of fruit. The citrusy flavor of tangerine gives the succulent duck a unique, fresh sweetness. It's so irresistibly delicious that you can barely stop yourself from reaching for the next piece even before you've swallowed the last one. No matter how much Fontaine's food culture has evolved over the years, it's no surprise that this dish has always kept its place among the classics.

## "Tagged and Bagged"

Clorinde's specialty. It consists of freshly caught Fowl that has been but only very slightly roasted. Your initial apprehension quickly vanishes after experiencing its tender texture and refreshing aftertaste for yourself. Anyway, Clorinde already took a bite herself. Surely your digestive system is as robust as a seasoned hunter's is... right?

## Super-Dee-Duper Delicious Meat Roll

Sethos's specialty. A subtle coarseness gives the pastry a satisfying, chewy texture. The grilled meat is seasoned in a way that makes it stand out from the usual recipes you'd find in a market, its delicious novelty taking your taste buds by storm. Sensing your desire for more, the unaffected youth sitting to one side gives you a wink and says: "Secret recipe — you won't find it anywhere else."

## Suspicious Fricassee de Poulet

A well-known Fontainian meat dish. Something is off about this — you knew that the moment it entered your mouth. The smooth cream has no hope of saving the bone-dry, yellowed, ever-so-slightly bitter meat, so much so that your previously ravenous appetite has long fled with its tail between its legs.

## Fricassee de Poulet

A well-known Fontainian meat dish. The meat is first fried in oil until the skin is a delicious crispy brown, then stir-fried with onions and other condiments, before adding fermented fruit juice and stewing — and don't forget to add cream once the soup thickens. When ready, every last piece of meat is wrapped uniformly in cream, giving it that warm, familiar flavor that Fontainians love.

## Delicious Fricassee de Poulet

A well-known Fontainian meat dish. The romantic rendezvous of cream and chicken instantly catalyzes a deep, rich aroma that lifts the spirits. It is said to be a favorite amongst Fontainians... One could feast on this fare for a lifetime and not fatigue of its fantastic flavor.

## A Fragrant Feast of Flavors

Emilie's specialty. The fermented fruit juice holds a subtle floral fragrance that fills your palate with woody scents, while the silken cream glides alongside, imparting both taste and flavor in moderation. The afterglow of the abundant aroma lingers on, an indelible gourmet encounter.

## Suspicious Blubbercream

Aqua-blue ice cream. The large chunks of sea salt ambushed your taste buds, causing you to blank out... By the time you mustered up the valor to try again, the dessert had melted into more of a milkshake...

## Blubbercream

Aqua-blue ice cream. The best way to while away a sweltering day is by enjoying some refreshing ice cream. It chills the body and cools the soul, giving one a feeling akin to having leaped into the sea, all worries dissipating as the heat flees your mouth, leaving naught but pure joy.

## Delicious Blubbercream

Aqua-blue ice cream. The likeness of the earnest, adorable Blubberbeast printed on the cup adds a humorous touch, and the buttery creaminess is interwoven with a light, silken saltiness. It is as if your senses, too, have been invited to embark on an unforgettable undersea odyssey — one that you hope shall never end!

## Suspicious Crisp Croissant Combo

A small pastry-and-coffee combo. The stony bread stands solid against your teeth, having seemingly been robbed of all moisture. The bitter drink stained with sourness is such that you'd be pardoned for thinking it some kind of medicinal concoction. The only saving grace is that this isn't the main course...

## Crisp Croissant Combo

A small pastry-and-coffee combo. Roll and fold the dough, lather it in egg wash, and place the creation into the oven. Soon, it will have expanded into an exquisite pastry, piping hot as it triumphantly exits the oven. It is said that the act of brushing the egg wash on is like a baker's signature — and it seems this one has fine penmanship indeed.

## Delicious Crisp Croissant Combo

A small pastry-and-coffee combo. The two pointy pieces of bread conceal fluffy softness within crispy crusts, and the aromatic butter dances in perfect harmony with the intense coffee aroma, a match made in heaven. Whether by early morning light or brief break hour, to partake of this lovely combo is to salve even the most exhausted soul.

## A Magical Mix

A marvelous specialty sealed within a tiny bottle that looks no different from any ordinary drink. Perhaps there is some magic spell on it that makes drinks taste better... But does such magic really exist?

## Suspicious Meatnado

A rather popular meat dish. At first, things were going well enough, but at the final, crucial moment, the rolled meat suddenly fell apart, causing the meat and side dishes to look like the aftermath of a wild storm...

## Meatnado

A rather popular meat dish. Bacon and other garnishes are placed over thin slices of meat, which are then rolled up and pan-fried until browned, then simmered in a broth. When the finished dish is cut open, the meat slices stay tightly wrapped around the filling, just like a tornado.

## Delicious Meatnado

A rather popular meat dish. The rich meat fragrance sweeps through you, body and soul, satisfying what your imagination envisions for bountiful meat. No wonder, then, that this dish often finds itself a place at any joyous gathering.

## Suspicious Apple Roly Poly

A traditional apple dessert. Apples are apples, and dough is dough. To force them into a commonality they do not share is to create an awkward mess that even the most flavorful butter cannot rescue.

## Apple Roly Poly

A traditional apple dessert. The secret to its crispy and delicious flavor lies in the thin pastry crust. Apparently, the best pastry chefs in Mondstadt are said to be capable of making pastries so thin that you could carry on reading even if you placed it over the page.

## Delicious Apple Roly Poly

A traditional apple dessert. The mere aroma of the apples gives a feeling akin to situating oneself before a warm hearth. Before you can even think to slowly appreciate it, your hands move as if compelled by some other person, knife and fork in tow, reaching out for the next piece.

## Suspicious Forest of Color

A salad made from fresh fruit and vegetables. Each bite of this is no different from eating raw fruits and vegetables straight up... And once you give it any consideration, you realize that you forgot to add sauce.

## Forest of Color

A salad made from fresh fruit and vegetables. Blanch the Grainfruit, chop the other ingredients, drizzle over the sauce, then stir until evenly mixed. Extremely simple to make, but even more importantly, it's so healthy that no matter how much you eat, you won't feel stressed!

## Delicious Forest of Color

A salad made from fresh fruit and vegetables. Sweet, sour, and many others constitute a forest of flavor for you to wander through, leaving you with a lasting touch of freshness from your taste buds to your heart.

## Suspicious Tatacos

Thin tacos with filling. The shell looks like thin fabric, but is in truth as cold and hard as iron. The filling's not bad, though, so laying the shell aside, could make for some decent grilled shrimp...

## Tatacos

Thin tacos with filling. Making Tatacos is a three-part process — you bake the tacos first, you add vegetables and grilled shrimp second, then finally, you drizzle sauce over the top. In Natlan, it's hard to say which is a more common sight — phlogiston or Tatacos.

## Delicious Tatacos

Thin tacos with filling. When your tongue touches the piping-hot shell and its rich filling, a pleasant fragrance gushes out from within, reminding you of a saying from Natlan — "Life might disappoint, but Tatacos, never!"

## Suspicious Sour Sauce Ceviche

Raw pieces of fish with a fruity fragrance. Having not been marinated for nearly long enough, the fish lacks flavor. Fortunately, the fresh ingredients allow the dish as a whole to muddle through, albeit leaving a sense of regret behind.

## Sour Sauce Ceviche

Raw pieces of fish with a fruity fragrance. The fish — which must be fresh — is first skinned and cut into thick chunks, then marinated in the sour sauce until the fish turns white, after which shredded vegetables are added for seasoning. A combination of sour and spicy flavors, it is one of Natlan's most classic flavors.

## Delicious Sour Sauce Ceviche

Raw pieces of fish with a fruity fragrance. The sheer fragrance bowls you over in the first wave, with sourness and spiciness bringing up the rear, granting this fish layers akin to the tides, with you the surfer on a sea of flavor. Even when the tumult has subsided, your yearning remains.

## Suspicious Chocolate

Small spherical snacks. The Cacahuatl's unique flavor has been destroyed by a deluge of sugar, ruining the layers in the flavor, leaving naught but stale, sickening, sticky sweetness... You can clean your teeth afterward, sure, but what about the remaining Chocolate?

## Chocolate

Small spherical snacks. It is said that where the Cacahuatl was grown has a decisive influence on the flavor of the Chocolate, bestowing upon it a completely unique flavor — whether that be rough earthy undertones or sweet fruity notes... You never know the flavor you're gonna get with the next bite.

## Delicious Chocolate

Small spherical snacks. The texture is smooth as swan-down, and as it gradually melts, the Cacahuatl brings out a certain warmth that blends in time with a feather-light sweetness, with a magical final flourish that leaves smiles on everyone's faces.

## Suspicious Fried Shrimp Beanballs

A deep-fried snack. The oil in the pot has mercilessly stripped the shrimp of moisture, resulting in a shriveled texture that could have been shown magnanimity if not for the jarring, hard mouthfeel. It's a good thing there are only two products... That makes dealing with them easy enough.

## Fried Shrimp Beanballs

A deep-fried snack. First, deep fry the bean flour balls, then stuff them with fillings, fried shrimp, and sauce. Though they may be slightly complicated to prepare, the fact that they're so delicious makes it all worth it.

## Delicious Fried Shrimp Beanballs

A deep-fried snack. After experiencing the culinary magic known as deep-frying, this has gained a golden luster, with a crisp shell that tightly locks the juices in along with a crackling, satisfying toothsomeness. Alas, for there only being two per dish! Alas, for you desire more!

## Suspicious Blazed Meat Stew

A spicy meat stew. The excessive spiciness sets your mouth ablaze... and your stomach too, once you force the meat down your belabored gullet. Now if only there was a large cup of water to put these flames out...

## Blazed Meat Stew

A spicy meat stew. Raw meat is seasoned with an array of different spices, then slow-cooked until tender. The moment you open the lid, a hot and spicy aroma wafts out to greet you. When you're not sure what to eat when it's time to celebrate, you can't go wrong with this!

## Delicious Blazed Meat Stew

A spicy meat stew. All manner of spices bring out the rich aroma of meat. A well-tuned spiciness awakens your slumbering tastebuds with its touch, and as the meat meets your teeth, its rich juices spill forth, filling your heart with sumptuous joy. Not a drop, you declare, shall be spared. Not one drop.

## Saurian Hunter's Reward

Kinich's specialty. The large, richly flavored chunks of meat come in hot... and spicy to boot. Ajaw keeps mumbling by your side. "Consider yourself lucky to enjoy this for free! Why, in days past, we would only reward ourselves thus for a true big-game hunt. Indeed, you should be offering delicious fruit juice unto me as thanksgiving!" To which Kinich helpfully supplies, "Just eat. Ignore his nonsense."

## Pass the Luck

Mualani's specialty. Feet planted on her surfboard, dish in hand, she made not one, not two, but three loops around you before placing the sizable lobster before you. "Ta-da! Super huge and freshly caught — a stroke of luck if ever there was one! And now, I pass that luck onto you!" Her cheerful words all but grant the bean balls wrapped around the shrimp a golden glow.

## Suspicious Golden Apple Pastry

A little dessert made from apples. Having been left be too long, the softened outer skin now hides yet softer innards, with a flavor far removed from your envisaging... Uh oh. Your mouth's getting stuck shut...

## Golden Apple Pastry

A little dessert made from apples. After being sliced into evenly sized pieces, the apples are mixed with sugar and other spices. The mixture is boiled until it thickens, then wrapped in square puff pastry and baked until it turns golden and puffy. The crispy puff pastry envelops a soft filling within, a delicious treat suitable for anyone.

## Delicious Golden Apple Pastry

A little dessert made from apples. The honey-sweet filling surges across your taste buds like a thread of golden light passing through the interlaced fingers of tree and leaf and warming your very heart. Ah, how could you ever stop at one of these?

## Suspicious BBQ Beef Heart Skewers

Commonly seen street-stall barbeque. The fire blazed out of control, burning the outside to charcoal in an instant, while inside, the meat is still half raw. Maybe you can cut off the burnt bits and put the rest back over the charcoal, and try grilling it again, but over a smaller flame this time...

## BBQ Beef Heart Skewers

Commonly seen street-stall barbeque. Marinated beef heart is threaded onto skewers before being barbequed over charcoal, grilling forth an enticing aroma and captivating luster. Add on a bit of grilled grainfruit and potato, and you've assembled the eternal golden ensemble of Natlan's street food scene!

## Delicious BBQ Beef Heart Skewers

Commonly seen street-stall barbeque. The crackling flames and sizzling sounds herald an imminent feast, igniting your craving for that first bite. The firmness of the thick hunks of meat and the abundance of savory juices that burst forth with every bite perfectly complement one another in a culinary experience that might be called bathing in BBQ bliss.

## Suspicious Xocoatl

A Natlan drink made from Cacahuatl. If you had to guess before you took a swig, you might assume it would taste either sweet or bitter, but never in a million years would you have expected the sourness that sets upon the tip of your tongue... Did someone add the wrong ingredients?

## Xocoatl

A Natlan drink made from Cacahuatl. Initially, bitter Cacahuatl was ground up and blended with various spices, creating the eponymous "bitter water." Much evolution later, added sugar would transform the final product into something fragrant, delectable, and broadly popular, though the name indicating "bitter water" has never changed.

## Delicious Xocoatl

A Natlan drink made from Cacahuatl. The rich, deep fragrance of the Cacahuatl is infused with a pure creaminess, tenderly caressing your tongue with the softness of smooth silk, leaving behind a touch of sweetness that is more than enough to melt your heart.

## Fruit-Flavored Milk Candies

Xilonen's specialty. As you sit side-by-side atop the tree, she passes you an exquisite box filled with... variously shaped candies? "Cacahuatl is actually considered a kind of fruit. So, it should be fine to call candies made out of cacahuatl and milk 'fruit-flavored.' C'mon, let's dig in." So saying, she swiftly snatches one, tossing it into her mouth before biting down.

## Suspicious Surf, Turf, and Perch

A large platter with a mix of meat and vegetables. First, you find yourself biting into a half-raw skewer of meat; next, a chunk of charred fish. The contrast is so jarring that you simply can't muster up the courage to take a third bite...

## Surf, Turf, and Perch

A large platter with a mix of meat and vegetables. Various ingredients from the sea, land, and air have been roasted and mixed together. There's something for everyone here, making it a must-have at any important banquet in Natlan.

## Delicious Surf, Turf, and Perch

A large platter with a mix of meat and vegetables. Thick, juicy chunks of meat have soaked up all the spices, mingling delightfully with the crispness of the fruit and vegetables on the tip of your tongue, touching more than just your taste buds, as your stomach is also moved to satisfaction. No wonder this dish has so many loyal fans.

## Suspicious Volcano Cake

A volcano-shaped cake. The "mountain" has failed to fully contain the "lava" within, resulting in a collapse that genuinely resembles a volcanic eruption, bringing calamity to the tray beneath. Looks like some cleanup is in order before the next try...

## Volcano Cake

A volcano-shaped cake. The ingredients were mixed together, stirred into a thick paste, then poured into a mold for baking. Timing it to perfection allows the outer layer to solidify while the filling remains soft and gooey, just like a real volcano.

## Delicious Volcano Cake

A volcano-shaped cake. The steaming hot "little volcano" finds its perfect foil in the icy-cool "ash cloud" that rises above. Aside from its irresistible sweetness, the aroma of the flowing "lava" brings you a deep sense of satisfaction and comfort.

## Suspicious Grainfruit Wrap

A staple food wrapped in big leaves. It basically tastes the same as biting into raw Grainfruit, begging the question of what the purpose of cooking it was...

## Grainfruit Wrap

A staple food wrapped in big leaves. There's a simple saying in Natlan that goes like this: "A leaf to wrap your Grainfruit with will always fall." It's used to express the idea of things being fated to happen.

## Delicious Grainfruit Wrap

A staple food wrapped in big leaves. The light fragrance of Grainfruit rises up from the soft, velvety filling within. As it melts in your mouth, its sweet and spicy notes combine with a touch of saltiness, resulting in a gustatory experience that is nothing short of sumptuously rich.

## Honey-Glazed Ceviche

Ororon's specialty. "This is to honor my elders." And without further ado, the fish slices were served up, glistening with juicy deliciousness. From the sweet, delicate flavor, you can tell that the sauce most likely contains honey of the highest caliber, the gathering of which must have required a great deal of thought and effort. It's not often that you get to witness such displays of filial respect.

## Moment of Respite

Chasca's specialty. Piled high with ingredients, few can resist the aroma of this dish. Even someone in the midst of an argument might find their anger turn to hunger at the mere whiff of it. Wait a moment, those Saurians who were rolling around in the distance just now... Why have they suddenly started looking this way too?

## Suspicious Magmic Ode

An ancient Natlan dish. If there's still a hint of hope when the coarse, sandy texture touches your tongue, that last shred of optimism vanishes the moment the earthy taste hits your palate. When exactly did it sneak its way in?

## Magmic Ode

An ancient Natlan dish. Traditionally, the ingredients are wrapped in large leaves and steam-baked in a pit using red-hot stones. When billows of steam begin to rise like clouds, this Natlan delicacy, perfect for sharing with larger groups, is ready to serve.

## Delicious Magmic Ode

An ancient Natlan dish. The meticulous roasting locks the juices tightly within the ingredients, while a subtle smokiness lingers like faint golden threads sewn on rare woven scrolls, elevating the flavor to new heights. A single bite will make anyone uncontrollably cheer in delight.

## Suspicious Qingxin Flower Cake

A cake made from flowers. The dry, hard texture and bland flavor bear no resemblance to the delicate nature that flowers should possess. One can't help but wonder if the filling is actually made of scraps of paper...

## Qingxin Flower Cake

A cake made from flowers. Prepared with Qingxin petals still glistening with their morning dew, the filling is wrapped in many layers consisting of two different types of pastry — a flaky crust and a buttery dough. Baked to perfection, Qingxin Flower Cakes are best enjoyed fresh from the oven.

## Delicious Qingxin Flower Cake

A cake made from flowers. With a gentle bite, the blossoms swaying in the mountains seem to bloom in your mouth, and the fragrance of flowers feels as if it seeps into your very soul. As you reluctantly finish the last bite, a faint, lingering scent remains on your fingers...

## Suspicious Drunken Plums in Snow

An elegant-looking Liyue dish. The final presentation seems flawless, but hidden within the carefully disassembled crab meat are small, unnoticed fragments of shell. Before indulging, one must overcome a sense of unease, as there's always the risk of your teeth meeting a shard of hard chitin...

## Drunken Plums in Snow

An elegant-looking Liyue dish. Once the crab is steamed, its roe and meat are carefully removed, stir-fried, then returned to the shell. Egg whites are whipped into a frothy coating to seal the crab shell, topped with finely chopped ham for a touch of color, then the whole thing is baked. Together, the succulent crab meat and fluffy egg whites make a combination that's sure to impress.

## Delicious Drunken Plums in Snow

An elegant-looking Liyue dish. The snow-like coating is soft and airy, like snowflakes gently falling onto your tongue. Then, the rich, fresh crab meat quickly envelops your taste buds, like radiant, resplendent plum blossoms blooming amidst the lonesome, serene snowfall, captivating and enchanting.

## Hymn of Gathered Flame

Mavuika's specialty. A variety of seafood, perfectly grilled, harmonizes into an exquisite symphony of flavor. It resembles an eternal, noble anthem ringing in your ears, with the unquenchable flames igniting in tandem. The stirring, beautiful melody carries an inspiring power. Is this perhaps also a part of the Pyro Archon's immense strength?

## Jade-Cut Flowers

Lan Yan's specialty. Before you, a young girl lowers her head, focused on weaving something with great care... In no time at all, a delicate rattan bowl appears in your hands, holding exquisite silver swallows and fragrant pastries. The girl's sincere, innocent smile seems almost like a spell, urging you to take a bite, and as you do, the flavors linger delightfully on your palate.

## Secret Art

Citlali's specialty. The fresh, tender greens are surprisingly crisp, while the grilled shrimp is firm with a hint of sweetness. The perfectly crafted shape can be easily picked up with just one hand... If only a captivating novel were at hand, paired with such a delicacy, you could easily lose yourself in it for a whole day and night. Is this the unique secret art of Granny Itztli's vast knowledge?

## Suspicious Bathhouse Manjuu

A filled Inazuman dessert. The dry, hard outer casing contains an even drier filling, the cloying sweetness of which makes it difficult to swallow. If you don't wish to drown your anticipation in disappointment, it's probably a good idea not to eat these before enjoying a good soak...

## Bathhouse Manjuu

A filled Inazuman dessert. These moreish morsels have a pleasant sweetness and are a fantastic source of energy. Originally handed out to bathers at the Aisa Bathhouse, these special snacks have since become a reliably welcome present for all occasions.

## Delicious Bathhouse Manjuu

A filled Inazuman dessert. The crispy, flaky outer casing protects a rich and delicate filling, its sweetness dissolving on your tongue like worries melting away in a hot spring. As you eat, your tiredness vanishes without a trace, leaving you relaxed and at ease.

## Dreams of Healing

Yumemizuki Mizuki's specialty. A pair of adorable mini-baku buns nestling together with their eyes tightly closed. Cute and carefree, they leave you wondering what sweet dreams they're lost in... Perhaps, once you take a bite, you might be able to share in their wonderful reveries.

## Suspicious Cheesy Crab Hotpot

A glittering, gold-topped feast. The charred ingredients stick stubbornly to the casserole dish, and after you tried your best to dredge up a spoonful, the first bite sent shivers down your spine. It's like you're being targeted by some sort of magma effigy — your senses scream at you to flee...

## Cheesy Crab Hotpot

A glittering, gold-topped feast. The ingredients are pre-fried and layered in a casserole dish before being baked until the cheesy topping begins to bubble. Whether for a family dinner or a festive gathering, this luxurious classic is sure to elicit gasps of admiration from everyone present.

## Delicious Cheesy Crab Hotpot

A glittering, gold-topped feast. The sweetness of crab meat is like the first ray of dawn that pierces the clouds. The dense, savory aroma of cheese invites the radiance of the morning sun onto your tastebuds, bathing your mouth in a warm, golden glow. The sensation of bliss sweeps a soul-warming path from your tongue to your stomach, uniting all your senses in adoration.

## Suspicious Magma Eggs

A jet-black egg with a crust that has trapped too much heat from overcooking. The ominous color of the shell makes you feel uneasy, and you can't help but fear that something horrible will happen if you take a bite!

## Suspicious Cheesy Mushroom Skewer

A skewer covered in burnt cheese. The acrid smell gives notice that the Red Berryshroom has been reduced to a Black Burnedshroom. It looks so awful that you wonder if you might have turned a harmless mushroom into a poisonous one...

## Cheesy Mushroom Skewer

A skewer covered in mouth-watering cheese. The caps of Red Berryshrooms are removed, filled with a generous sprinkling of cheese, and then grilled to perfection. The rich aroma carries a faint fruity tang best enjoyed while hot.

## Delicious Cheesy Mushroom Skewer

A skewer covered in golden-brown, mouth-watering cheese. The mushrooms are almost as thick as steak. Although they don't smell like meat, the taste is far more splendid. A single bite blesses your whole mouth with the fragrant flavors packed within, as juicy joy overflows in abundance.

## Gold-Standard Healthy Meal

Iansan's specialty. A gold-standard meal, prepped by a gold-standard coach. The freshest ingredients are portioned to perfection and packed full of nutrients, with too many benefits to count! If you can bear eating it daily, maybe you too shall become a gold-standard trainee.

## Mt. Mushroom (For One)

Varesa's specialty. The young lady, with all the air of a bright pink marshmallow, effortlessly serves this mountainous dish with one hand. The fragrance of mushrooms, mingling with cheese, has you reaching for your cutlery before you even know it. Hey, umm... Is it even possible to finish eating this much food in a day?

## Suspicious Petit Gateau Debord: Revised Version

A petite version of the famous Gateau Debord. The small cake is like a piece of driftwood lost in a vast ocean, while the thick chocolate sauce is like a surging wave, enveloping not just the cake — and much of the plate — but also any tiny lingering foothold that hunger might have held in your stomach.

## Petit Gateau Debord: Revised Version

A petite version of the famous Gateau Debord. Even when compared to its namesake, of which only sixteen slices are sold each day, the extraordinary adventures you've experienced together are yet more precious and worthy of remembrance still. Perhaps when Escoffier scribbled down this recipe, she was thinking along these same lines...

## Delicious Petit Gateau Debord: Revised Version

A petite version of the famous Gateau Debord. The velvety sauce is like elusive silk, slipping between your fingers and alighting on your tongue, while the gentle melodies of afternoon tea circle in the air, enchanting your heart... Perhaps this little treat will appear before you again in your dreams tonight...

## Suspicious Candy Shells

Candies in a variety of different shapes. The powdered sugar coating has a grainy texture, reminiscent of grit trapped in an oyster's shell. Perhaps only those willing to battle through the coarseness of this coating will earn the right to enjoy the spoils within — sweet candy.

## Candy Shells

Candies in a variety of different shapes. It is said that a tiny fraction of the Candy Shells sold at the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland contain real pearls, and that the pleasure of tasting these is reserved for only the very luckiest of visitors. Might you be one of them?

## Delicious Candy Shells

Candies in a variety of different shapes. Their vibrant colors make them resemble gleaming gemstones resting majestically in an exquisite box, waiting to give their finder a sweet surprise. What could make someone happier than a trip to the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland? Why, a trip to the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland and a box of Candy Shells!

## Gateau Debord: Magnifique

Escoffier's specialty. Its lavish appearance is even more dazzling than any gateau you've seen before. It has an aura that captivates at first glance and a taste that is impossible not to love, like a soft, warm blanket that envelops every tastebud and suffuses your body with joy... Without a doubt, Escoffier's culinary talents have quietly reached new heights.

## Emotional Support

Ifa's specialty. "Eat up, bro." The voices of a human and a saurian follow one after the other as Ifa brings you a plate of fragrant cookies and Cacucu follows it up with a cup of rich Xocoatl — barely delivered with an enormous flapping of the wings. Caught between these competing aromas, your unexplained anxiety dissolves away... Awesome work, bro!

## Verdant Gift

Escoffier's inspired creation. A well-presented asparagus salad presented like a lush, green bouquet and drizzled with yellowy-orange sauce. A fresh, crisp mouthful that captures the vitality of soft, young shoots at the very instant they break the surface of the soil — it's almost as though Escoffier has moved beyond mastering the careful control of heat and flavor and is now cooking with time itself.

## Wave-Kissed Sands

Escoffier's inspired creation. Flowing cream crashes onto the palate like surf on the crest of a breaking wave, revealing the silky, velvety broth beneath. The soft, rich texture of the soup is a testament to the chef's masterful arts — one imbued with a mystical warmth.

## Gilded Hall

Escoffier's inspired creation. The crispy crust is like a small, golden castle, stoutly protecting chunks of succulent eel, juicy squab, and tender foie gras, all swimming in a rich mushroom sauce. A chorus of different flavors hits your tongue at once, with a complexity and richness deserving of its own footnote in history. Escoffier's culinary tour de force is enough to move you to your very soul.

## Suspicious Drink 455

A specially-blended drink that's all the rage right now. Except... you're not sure if there's something wrong with the formula, or you didn't mix the ingredients enough. The sour bits are too sour, the sweet bits are too sweet — and the fact that you can tell apart the "bits" in a liquid beverage is probably cause for concern...

## Drink 455

A specially-blended drink that's all the rage right now. Besides its smooth and refreshing taste, it's known for replenishing lost energy from long bouts of physical exertion. Why not try a bottle when you're feeling parched?

## Delicious Drink 455

A specially-blended drink that's all the rage right now. Refreshing beyond belief, this invigorating beverage washes over you like sweet rain after a long drought, instantly melting away all fatigue and restlessness. "It's as if everything's finally right with the world!" was one customer's glowing review after finishing their glass.

## Suspicious Meat-Lover's Feast

A combo meal of meat and coffee. It's a chaotic medley of ingredients haphazardly jammed together. At a glance, it appears to be... um, food made from combining meat and shrimp? If you can overlook its jumbled appearance, it'll fill your stomach just fine...

## Meat-Lover's Feast

A combo meal of meat and coffee. A crispy fried chicken cutlet wrapped in fresh greens, paired with peeled shrimp tails. This bold marriage of flavors hailing from land and water sparks an epiphany: Culinary delights, like an adventure into uncharted lands, are full of infinite possibilities.

## Delicious Meat-Lover's Feast

A combo meal of meat and coffee. The special sauce emits an enticing aroma that swirls throughout the air as though diffused by the power of Anemo itself, while the succulent, delectably fresh shrimp dances on your tongue, each bite bursting with juicy, multi-layered bliss... Even as your belly grows full, you pray that this meat-lover's dream never ends!

## Suspicious Nine-Fruit Nectar

A blended juice cocktail. It's sour and bitter on the palate... and somehow manages to have a salty aftertaste? Every sensation seems present except for the sweetness you desire. Such a complex and unusual flavor profile... Did someone accidentally introduce a medicinal concoction to the mix?

## Nine-Fruit Nectar

A blended juice cocktail. Mixed with balanced precision, the drink interweaves the flavors of various fruits and preserves their sweet and tangy deliciousness, elevated by a handful of ice cubes.

## Delicious Nine-Fruit Nectar

A blended juice cocktail. With just one sip, you feel like you've been enveloped in a waterfall of fruit. The sweet aroma of nature's bounty fills your nostrils — each mouthful a perfect harmony of fruity flavors. When the heatwaves strike, this drink is sure to provide salvation for the soul!

## Suspicious Bubblemilk Pie

An innovative stuffed dessert. The bursting bubbles send waves of pain across your tongue — combined with the imagery of their green and crispy coatings, the experience is not unlike cramming exploding Dendro Cores into your mouth...

## Bubblemilk Pie

An innovative stuffed dessert. Crispy puff pastry, creamy filling, and the surprising sensation of bubbles bursting in sequence... This post-meal treat brings satisfaction to every taste bud. Remember to enjoy it while it's warm!

## Delicious Bubblemilk Pie

An innovative stuffed dessert. This sweet indulgence begins with a crisp crackle of golden crust. Warm filling then cascades across your palate as bubbles meet and pop between your teeth, taking you on a journey across an unending spectrum of textures... This is the perfect finale to any feast!

## Suspicious Nanas Cake

A cake with a fascinating shape. It was a little deformed when you took it out of the pot, and its texture is a bit too soft. You can't help but think back on the cooking process... and how the cake tastes like it's just been dredged up from the sea.

## Nanas Cake

A cake with a fascinating shape. Mix the paste well, then place into a mold and heat until fully cooked. The edges are particularly susceptible to burning. If you're looking for a perfect golden color on your Nanas Cake, the most important thing is to control the heat.

## Delicious Nanas Cake

A cake with a fascinating shape. Its golden sheen reminds you of the sunset in Villa Guiztli. Made in the jovial likeness of a Nanasian, you can't help but feel a sense of delight from just looking at it. Bathed in the sweet aroma of eggs and cream, you wish you could preserve those joyful moments spent with everyone in Villa Guiztli forever.

## Suspicious Gentle Sea Breeze

A refreshing drink. A tidal wave of saltiness almost sweeps you off your feet, with not a single hint of sweet in the whole glass. Is this just a cup of blue-colored brine?

## Gentle Sea Breeze

A refreshing drink. Its vivid blue-to-white gradient is evocative of cresting waves caressed by the sea breeze. Having a sip of this while on a holiday is sure to fill your heart with ease.

## Delicious Gentle Sea Breeze

A refreshing drink. The light and gentle bubbles dance on the tip of your tongue. The sweetness of the fruit juice and the salty flavor of the soda blend together in perfect harmony, as though you're stepping through waves in time with the breeze. Cheers and laughter from the resort fill the air...

## Suspicious Shrimp Bisque

A thick, orange-red soup. A single mouthful makes your face burn hot in an instant, giving even the redness of the cooked shrimp a run for its money. After coughing and gagging for a few minutes, you finally manage to breathe again, but by then, you no longer feel like giving the dish another try...

## Shrimp Bisque

A thick, orange-red soup. After stir-frying the spices, add the ingredients and simmer with broth until cooked. Up close, you'll catch a savory aroma laced with fiery, fragrant heat. The vibrant color of the broth whets the appetite at a glance, and it tastes even better.

## Delicious Shrimp Bisque

A thick, orange-red soup. Its flavor is warm and rich, the perfect spiciness of the soup blending with sweet shrimp meat and vegetables. It's as though elemental energy is surging through your body, lifting your spirits in an instant.

## Heatshield Potion

A miraculous potion that boosts Pyro RES and makes one able to withstand high heat.
It works not by cooling the body, but by helping the body acclimate to high temperatures.

## Desiccant Potion

A kind of potion that boosts Hydro RES and makes one able to withstand highly humid environments.
It is said to act like a desiccant and be highly effective at keeping items dry. It can also be ingested for the same effect.

## Frostshield Potion

A miraculous potion that boosts Cryo RES and makes one able to withstand extreme cold.
Induces a chilling sensation when drank, but once this sensation spreads throughout the body, the feeling of being cold disappears.

## Windbarrier Potion

A mysterious potion that boosts Anemo RES and makes one able to withstand strong winds.
It works wonders for adventurers out in the world and is even said to keep the cold away.

## Insulation Potion

A potion that boosts Electro RES and keeps one from getting electro-shocked.
Induces a tingling sensation when drank. It is said to work by filling the body with inversely charged electrical energy, which counteracts the effect of Electro damage.

## Dustproof Potion

A potion that boosts Geo RES and keeps one from getting bothered by sand and dust.
It has a strange taste not unlike that of magnets. It keeps a traveler clean from all the sand and dust out there.

## Dendrocide Potion

A potion that boosts Dendro RES and suppresses the growth of plants.
Rather than killing the plants, it puts them in deep hibernation. It's also said to be good for the body if ingested.

## Flaming Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Pyro, boosting Pyro DMG.
It is made of materials that gestate Pyro, which serves to draw in Pyro energy more effectively. It also makes the user more fired-up and passionate.

## Streaming Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Hydro, boosting Hydro DMG.
It's a slippery medicine for external use, able to better channel Hydro energy. It has a subtle fragrance.

## Frosting Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Cryo, boosting Cryo DMG.
It has a chilling sensation when applied, and helps one to better channel Cryo energy. It also helps to keep you cool-headed and calm.

## Gushing Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Anemo, boosting Anemo DMG.
It has a fragrant smell. It is said that using it during your travels will make you walk as if you're riding on the wind.

## Shocking Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Electro, boosting Electro DMG.
It induces a tingling sensation on the skin and renders the user better able to better channel Electro energy — but comes with a risk of causing an electrical fire that would definitely ruin your perfect hair.

## Unmoving Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Geo, boosting Geo DMG.
You can feel the fine Geo pellets within when applied. It's said to help with physical injuries.

## Forest Essential Oil

Grants greater affinity for Dendro, boosting Dendro DMG.
It's a nourishing external medicine that promotes growth of plants, able to better channel Dendro energy.

## "Pure Water"

It is said to be the legacy of a genius potioneer. It can draw out the purest strength from within one's body.

## Strength Tonic

A potion of mysterious origins that has a simple formula. Some might even call it a healthy drink. As the name suggests, it can make people stronger.