# Materials: MATERIAL_EXCHANGE

## Mushroom

Hardy common fungi. Can grow anywhere with the right amount of shade and moisture.

## Sweet Flower

Particularly fragrant flowers. They can be found easily, even in the dark. Just follow the scent.

## Carrot

A healthy and nutritious vegetable that is crunchy and sweet to the taste. Easy to grow and harvest.

## Radish

Rich in fiber and nutrients. Easy to grow and harvest.

## Snapdragon

Can be eaten once cooked. As a spice, it can bring wonderful flavor to dishes.

## Mint

A refreshingly cool ingredient. The cool, fresh flavor can cut through the heat of many dishes.

## Wheat

Golden, sun-kissed tassels. Needs to be ground down to flour for further use.

## Cabbage

A layered, leafy vegetable. Said to have originally been an ornamental plant, it certainly looks great in the pot.

## Silver Lotus

A rare plant that grows on steep cliffs with nobility. Shines magnificently in the night.

## Pinecone

Filled with oil-rich seeds. Certainly won't be growing into a tree from inside a squirrel's stomach.

## Wolfhook

A berry with thorns that often gets attached to a wolf's pelt. When you look at it, you can almost hear the echoing cries of the wolves in the woods.

## Valberry

A plump and translucent berry that has a fragrant smell and a sweet, refreshing taste. In the past, the storm watchers' only solace was the sweetness of this fruit and hope for the city's peace.

## Cecilia

A beautiful flower with a name that suits its appearance. It only grows where harsh winds blow, and is just as intangible as the true heart of an unbound soul.

## Windwheel Aster

A plant that adores the wind. To the proud children of the wind, or the citizens of Mondstadt, the Windwheel Asters are "the visible winds."

## Philanemo Mushroom

A fungus that grows in the warm caress of the wind. It is as everlasting as the wind, nourishing life.

## Lotus Head

An aquatic plant native to Liyue that grows and blooms in pairs. One is fragrant, and the other bitter. It's said to make a good herbal medicine.

## Jueyun Chili

A spicy plant native to Liyue. Merely smelling it makes one hot and thirsty.

## Noctilucous Jade

A rare mineral that glimmers in the dark. It's said to be a mutated gemstone condensed from the flourishing elements of the world.

## Silk Flower

A crimson flower that blooms like the rainbow clouds in Liyue. It can be made into silky-smooth fabric.

## Glaze Lily

An extremely ancient flower that was said to be commonly seen in Liyue. It transforms the memories of the land into its fragrance during florescence.

## Qingxin

A translucent white flower that only grows on the highest stone peaks. It eschews the warmth and moisture of the plains to gaze out afar from the solitary mountaintops.

## Horsetail

A purple plant that sometimes grows amidst Silvergrass but grows taller, straighter, and plumper — like an aristocrat among the paupers.

## Starconch

Empty seashells brought ashore by the tides. Hold one close to your ear, and hear the longing calls of the sea.

## Violetgrass

A small flower with strong vitality. It is said that its downward-blooming flower keeps its fragrance from dissipating.

## Berry

Small, brightly-colored fruit. They can be found everywhere, and the taste of them wipes the fatigue of a long journey away.

## Mist Flower Corolla

A flower bud encased in solid ice. Even after being picked, the flower continues to emit cold.

## Flaming Flower Stamen

The stamen of a fiercely burning flower. Even after being extinguished, it still emits heat.

## Electro Crystal

A power-rich crystal that draws electricity from the air around it. Holding it makes your hand a little numb.

## Small Lamp Grass

A wild grass that emits light at night. Used in cooking to enhance other flavors.

## Calla Lily

A flower that grows near water sources. When cooked, the petals have a chunky texture, yet are sweet and a little bitter.

## Dandelion Seed

A tiny seed that rides on the wind. Even without its feathered wings, it still holds the hope from afar within.

## Cor Lapis

A precious crystal of condensed pure Geo element that usually grows along with other minerals. It's also commonly called "Cor Petrae."

## Raw Meat

A fresh chunk of meat. Handled properly, it can be used to make delicious food.

## Bird Egg

An incredibly versatile ingredient that can supply all of your daily protein needs.

## Matsutake

A rare fungus that generally grows on or near pine trees. Its delicate aroma gives away its location.

## Fowl

A fresh chunk of fowl. Handled properly, it can make a hearty meal.

## Butterfly Wings

Brightly colored wings. The powder that falls from them shimmers a little. Perhaps this is what allows them to fly?

## Crab

A shelled creature that lives near the ocean. Its flaky, delicious meat can easily be made into tasty dishes.

## Crab Roe

A delicacy specific to female crabs. A rare and prized ingredient that isn't quite to everyone's taste.

## Salt

A savory seasoning. A precise but adequate amount will elevate the quality of the cuisine.

## Onion

A spherical vegetable. As vengeance for cutting it, it will make you cry, no matter how brave you are.

## Pepper

Peppery. Cuts through oily flavors and excites the taste buds. Goes best on meat.

## Milk

Sweet and fragrant cow's milk. Don't waste a single drop, not even that one rolling down your chin.

## Tomato

A bright red ingredient that gives a tangy kick. Yes, the "fruit or vegetable" debate is still going...

## Potato

A chunky vegetable. A gift from the earth that you never tire of with its multitude of cooking methods.

## Frog

Common frog found in moist environments. Full of energy, they secrete a substance that will keep you full of vitality.

## Luminescent Spine

The light-emitting part of a firefly. Used for courtship, and in medicine to help recover strength.

## Lizard Tail

A lizard tail that curled up after losing its owner. Very bitter, but has skin hardening properties.

## Fish

A fresh fillet of fish. Handled properly, it can make a rich dish.

## Crystal Core

The core of a crystal butterfly. It absorbs elemental energy that has escaped into the atmosphere.

## Raw Meat (S)

A fresh chunk of meat. Handled properly, it can be used to make delicious food.

## Fowl (S)

A fresh chunk of fowl. Handled properly, it can make a hearty meal.

## Tofu

Freshly made bean product that has a silky-smooth tender texture.

## Almond

A seed with a peculiar fragrance that gives food a refreshing taste.

## Loach Pearl

A shiny pearl spat out by a loach that has mystical medicinal properties.
Minerals and elemental particles ingested by the loach condense into these mildly magical beads. When threatened, the loach spits them out to confuse predators and escape with its life.

## Bamboo Shoot

A fresh young bamboo shoot, straight out of the ground. It is a delicious cooking ingredient with an exotic aroma, found exclusively in bamboo-growing regions.

## Rice

A grain crop commonly found in Teyvat. People of all walks of life enjoy its distinct grainy texture. As the saying goes, "The same kind of rice can feed one hundred kinds of people."

## Shrimp Meat

A whole piece of deep sea shrimp meat, full of nutrients and bursting with delicious flavor.

## Chilled Meat

Rare, fresh meat.
This species of boar is recorded to have gone extinct several hundred years ago and has been preserved by the extreme temperatures on Dragonspine. For the gourmets of Teyvat, this is an ingredient of unspeakable sacrosanctness.

## Eel Meat

The fresh meat of an Unagi/Eel. If handled properly, it can be used to make fresh, lovely food.

## Glabrous Beans

A common legume in Teyvat with a light aroma. It can be prepared in a variety of ways, and is thus widely accepted by people all over the world.

## Mysterious Meat

A fresh chunk of meat that seems to be radiating an enigmatic aura. Wonder what it'll taste like?

## Coffee Beans

A common fruit in Teyvat with a special aroma. It can be used to make beverages after being ground.

## Fermented Juice

A fermented juice with a unique fruity scent. It is often used as a marinade.

## Strange Tooth

A Dragontooth you picked up in Dragonspine. Perhaps someone would know something more about it...

## Empowered Dragontooth

A Dragontooth infused with power. Its luster and texture appear to have been somewhat transformed...

## Iron Chunk

This iron chunk can be turned into a multitude of handy items in the hands of a skilled craftsman.

## White Iron Chunk

Skilled hands can make this into something brilliant.

## Crystal Chunk

An uncut crystal. Only professional craftsmanship can bring out its true value.

## Magical Crystal Chunk

These crystal chunks can be refined into Weapon EXP materials by using Original Resin.
Crystals from mines that were eroded by the energy of the Ley Lines cannot be processed by ordinary means.

## Starsilver

A rare and precious ore formed by the unique geographical conditions and Ley Lines of Dragonspine.

## Amethyst Lump

An uncut crystal that can only be found in Inazuma. Some professional craftsmanship will bring out its true value.

## Condessence Crystal

A bright and clear crystal with a core that is both tough and malleable.

## Northlander Sword Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star swords. 
Philosophers believe marble has the potential to be sculpted into a beautiful statue. Likewise, these billets have the potential to become something greater.

## Northlander Bow Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star bows. 
Philosophers believe marble has the potential to be sculpted into a beautiful statue. Likewise, these billets have the potential to become something greater.

## Northlander Claymore Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star claymores. 
Philosophers believe marble has the potential to be sculpted into a beautiful statue. Likewise, these billets have the potential to become something greater.

## Northlander Catalyst Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star catalysts. 
Philosophers believe marble has the potential to be sculpted into a beautiful statue. Likewise, these billets have the potential to become something greater.

## Northlander Polearm Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star polearms. 
Philosophers believe marble has the potential to be sculpted into a beautiful statue. Likewise, these billets have the potential to become something greater.

## Midlander Sword Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star swords.
Philosophers believe that there are four purposes behind earthly things. The purpose of these billets is to become a weapon worthy of accompanying a hero.

## Midlander Bow Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star bows.
Philosophers believe that there are four purposes behind earthly things. The purpose of these billets is to become a weapon worthy of accompanying a hero.

## Midlander Claymore Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star claymores.
Philosophers believe that there are four purposes behind earthly things. The purpose of these billets is to become a weapon worthy of accompanying a hero.

## Midlander Catalyst Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star catalysts.
Philosophers believe that there are four purposes behind earthly things. The purpose of these billets is to become a weapon worthy of accompanying a hero.

## Midlander Polearm Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star polearms.
Philosophers believe that there are four purposes behind earthly things. The purpose of these billets is to become a weapon worthy of accompanying a hero.

## Borderland Sword Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star swords.
In terms of the "state" of the many weapons that can be crafted from billets, while their potential has long been contained within the original materials, the exact forms these weapons will ultimately take remain unknown to this day...

## Borderland Bow Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star bows.
In terms of the "state" of the many weapons that can be crafted from billets, while their potential has long been contained within the original materials, the exact forms these weapons will ultimately take remain unknown to this day...

## Borderland Claymore Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star claymores.
In terms of the "state" of the many weapons that can be crafted from billets, while their potential has long been contained within the original materials, the exact forms these weapons will ultimately take remain unknown to this day...

## Borderland Catalyst Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star catalysts.
In terms of the "state" of the many weapons that can be crafted from billets, while their potential has long been contained within the original materials, the exact forms these weapons will ultimately take remain unknown to this day...

## Borderland Polearm Billet

Weapon forging material. Can be used to forge 4-star polearms.
In terms of the "state" of the many weapons that can be crafted from billets, while their potential has long been contained within the original materials, the exact forms these weapons will ultimately take remain unknown to this day...

## Onikabuto

A strange beetle that inhabits areas rich with Electro energy. Its docile and sedentary temperament could not be more different from the fierce, demonic visage displayed on its armored shell.

## Sakura Bloom

Blossoms from the Sacred Sakura at the Grand Narukami Shrine, filled with a fondness for Inazuma.

## Crystal Marrow

A crystal that contains a sliver of Tatarigami power. Adding this material during smelting will greatly increase the strength and toughness of metals.

## Dendrobium

A vibrant plant that has also been named the "lycoris" by the poets. It was once thought extinct in the Inazuman archipelago, only to re-emerge now upon the battlefields. It is said that it blooms most enchantingly where much blood was spilled.

## Naku Weed

Even on windless days, this plant will tremble lightly amid the cries of thunder. The parts of it that resemble petals are in fact extensions of the leaves meant to protect the fragile flower.

## Sea Ganoderma

A plant species that only grows in certain regions and islands of the ocean. Though it looks like a fungus of some sort, it actually comes from a substance secreted by certain soft-bodied organisms.

## Sango Pearl

A precious pearl that grows in the coral of Watatsumi. Gives off a cool sheen like that of the moonlight.

## Amakumo Fruit

The fruit of the Amakumo Grass, which grows on Seirai Island. You can hear it crackling with a tiny current if you hold it up to your ear.

## Fluorescent Fungus

A mushroom that glows like a night-light. Some curious power lies hidden within it.

## Seagrass

A plant that grows in shallow seas. It adds a unique flavor to dishes.

## Lavender Melon

A brightly-colored fruit. The flesh within transforms into food with a unique mouthfeel when cooked.

## Rukkhashava Mushrooms

A fungus that grows in layers upon layers, like a sea of clouds, and which mostly grows on trees deep in the rainforest.

## Padisarah

A holy and noble plant. The conditions for growth in its environment are very demanding. The flower buds can be processed to make valuable spices.

## Nilotpala Lotus

Growing in the forest wetlands, these plants only bloom at night with flowers as bright as the moon.

## Harra Fruit

Growing in the hot humid rainforest, it is a fruit with a special spicy aroma. When ground to powder, spices can be made from it. It is the most valued spice plant in Sumeru.

## Kalpalata Lotus

Flowers from vines that grow on cliff sides. It is called a lotus only because it has a similar appearance to one. Aside from that, it bears no other similar properties to the lotus.

## Zaytun Peach

The fruit of a forest shrub. Its flesh is firm and sweet. It is said to have a calming effect on the mind.

## Sumeru Rose

Bright and beautiful, these pure purple flowers give off a pleasant fragrance that will give any passerby pause. While some like to call this a type of "rambler rose," its relative lack of multiple flowers means that it falls under a different floral classification.

## Henna Berry

A fruit that grows even in the most hostile of desert environments. Its vibrant crimson fruits are made even more lovely against a backdrop of yellow sand.

## Ajilenakh Nut

A fruit that grows on evergreen trees within desert oases. The flesh under the tough skin is thick, sweet, and delicious, making it an important food source amongst the desert peoples.

## Sand Grease Pupa

You can only find such husks deep in the desert where the Quicksand Eels breed. The hardened shell is meant to protect the Quicksand Eels' larval bodies until they finally acclimate to the conditions of the dry desert.

## Mourning Flower

Crimson flowers that bloom on ancient battlefields. They can even flourish in the depths of the desert. Their drooping flowers seem to be in mourning for heroes long past.

## Trishiraite

A splendorous stone that can be found in the depths of desolate mountains, seemingly formed from congealed elemental energy.

## Scarab

A tenacious beetle that finds repose within the vast ocean of desert sand. The golden pattern on such beetles' shells hints at some deep relationship between them and the ancient ruins that dot the desert.

## Viparyas

A flower without seeds. 
Once the earth remembers, the Viparyas will bloom.

## Pluie Lotus

A plant that grows in environments rich with Hydro. This plant can be found everywhere in Fontaine after its long rainy seasons. The plant is named "Pluie" — which means "rain" in the local tongue — for that reason.

## Marcotte

A pink flower with a pearl-like luster and rich scent profile. It is one of the most important ingredients in a perfumer's arsenal.

## Beryl Conch

A conch-like structure that gives off a faint glow. Despite the name, it is not a shell but something condensed from pure elemental energy.

## Romaritime Flower

An ethereal and elegant blue flower. Its tender petals are elastic and water-absorbent, making it the ideal raw material for various daily necessities.

## Tidalga

An algae floating with the tides that sustains itself by feeding on substances produced by other plants. Though often mistaken for zooplankton, based on its nature, Tidalga is actually a type of phytoplankton.

## Lumidouce Bell

A serene and tranquil violet flower. It has a light, soft, and lasting scent and is often used for making luxurious perfumes.

## Rainbow Rose

A delicate and tender pink flower. Despite their name, Rainbow Roses are essentially more akin to Lilies.

## Lumitoile

A soft-bodied animal that emits a gentle light. Often found climbing the walls of buildings near the water or underwater.

## Lakelight Lily

A clear and clean azure flower, it is born where Water Veins come together. It has a simple, cool, and elegant fragrance, pungent and refreshing yet gentle.

## Subdetection Unit

Detection units produced by Fontaine Research Institute using new models of artificed components. Its original purpose was monitoring all kinds of environmental data.

## Spring of the First Dewdrop

A limpid drop of dew floating amidst the waters of Morte Region. It is different from other pure water bodies, as though it is a conglomeration of even more pure and primordial Elemental Energy.

## Clearwater Jade

Jade from Chenyu Vale. Named for its cool, refreshing touch, that is much like clear water.

## Chenyu Adeptea

Tea grown in warm, moist areas in Chenyu Vale. After millennia of careful cultivation, the tea today emits a rich fragrance that can be savored from several streets away.

## Grainfruit

This plant is named after the giant grains that grow along the cob.

## Spinel Fruit

The crystalline trees that grow widely in areas with Liquid Phlogiston produce these gem-shaped fruits after absorbing phlogiston.

## Cacahuatl

A crop rich in flavor. The fleshy part itself features a unique bitterness and its seeds, after being fermented and baked, can be made into other delicacies.

## Sprayfeather Gill

A special feather-shaped species that grows by the seaside. It looks kind of like a seagrass but is in truth a soft-bodied aquatic coral with a unique shape.

## Brilliant Chrysanthemum

A flower with a shape like floating wings. Its petals sway in an unbelievably relaxed, serene manner as they are caressed by the wind.

## Quenepa Berry

Bluish, juicy berries that grow in large amounts near the Scions of the Canopy. Their shape is similar to that of Flamegranates.

## Saurian Claw Succulent

A succulent shaped like the paw of a great animal.

## Embercore Flower

A strange flower that can be found all over the plains and highlands. Mature buds will bloom after being hit.

## Glowing Hornshroom

A fungus that emits a faint light in the darkness. It is so named because its shape resembles the horny crest of an Iktomisaurus.

## Withering Purpurbloom

A flower, the leaves and petals of which look scorched and withered, that can often be seen in places where ash abounds.

## Skysplit Gembloom

A strange plant whose flower's exterior resembles stone. Only in bloom does it reveal a resplendent, crystal-like core.

## Dracolite

Formed gradually in areas rich in Phlogiston, these red, scale-like crystals are blazing-hot to the touch.

## Red Berryshroom

An ordinary-looking mushroom with an extraordinary flavor. Only grows near the orchard at Varesa's house. Since Paimon gave it a cute name, its taste must have been truly memorable for her.

## Fabric

Some fabric of fine make. It will surely be of use in making furnishings.

## Red Dye

Red dye. It will surely be of use in making furnishings.

## Yellow Dye

Yellow dye. It will surely be of use in making furnishings.

## Blue Dye

Blue dye. It will surely be of use in making furnishings.

## Crafted Items

Items produced through the Crafting System.

## Flour

A powder ground from wheat. No matter what it goes into, it brings a sense of satisfaction to the diner.

## Cream

A dairy product made from milk. An essential ingredient in making pastries.

## Smoked Fowl

Fowl that has been smoked. The firmness of the meat gives new texture to dishes.

## Butter

An extract from milk. With the appropriate application, it can bring rich aromas to even the most basic ingredients.

## Ham

Smoked leg meat. Even the thinnest slice is packed full of flavor.

## Sugar

A seasoning derived from Sweet Flowers. Has the power to give both energy and happiness.

## Jam

A gelatinous substance made from fruit and sugar. Even a little bit can easily wake up tired taste buds.

## Cheese

Made from fermented milk. High in energy, it's used in a wide range of dishes.

## Bacon

Smoked strips of pork. Crispy with a bit of fat, but not too greasy. Mmmmm... bacon.

## Sausage

Finely minced meat wrapped in a skin. A staple of every meat lover's daily diet.

## Smoked Fish

No description available

## Dried Fish

No description available

## Spice

A seasoning with varied flavors. It is made from dried Harra Fruits and can enrich the taste of a dish. Therefore, Sumeru locals say, "Spice goes well with anything."

## Medaka

A lively, energetic fish famous for its petal-shaped tail.
Most such creatures lived out their lives peacefully as ornamental fish. But when it was discovered that their meat was flavorful, less bony, and very fatty, they would also come to find themselves carefully prepared and served up on meal tables.

## Glaze Medaka

A lively, energetic fish famous for its petal-shaped tail.
This species has inscrutable behavioral patterns, and they can often be seen bursting into struggling fits out of the blue, as if bearing some sort of unseen pain. This phenomenon, however, does not occur at all when they are alone. Some researchers believe that this peculiarity stems from their natural desire to perform.

## Sweet-Flower Medaka

A lively, energetic fish famous for its petal-shaped tail.
It might be because this fish has a sweet tooth, but every bone in its body seems to serve as an antenna to seek out sweet treats. Following this absolute ideology, they swim through every creek and river in Teyvat in search of tasty sweets. True egalitarians, they will never reject any morsel, and certainly not because there's a hook attached. Have bait, will bite, as they say.
Beginner friendly.

## Aizen Medaka

A lively, energetic fish famous for its petal-shaped tail.
Long ago, there was a funny story that said that you could get Aizen Medaka by throwing normal Medaka into a pot of blue dye. This was most likely born from a child's over-active imagination, but has nonetheless given rise to not a few unscrupulous fish hawkers. This in turn has given rise to some conversations that go something like "Hey, is it just me, or is the blue on your fish washing off?" In response, the Ministry of Civil Affairs specifically posted this notice: "The market is a wet and wild place. Beware of influxes of blue fish."

## Dawncatcher

A rare species of Medaka that has a brilliant sheen. It seems like a variant species of the normal Medaka, but it has a very different appearance and living habits.
There is a rumor that these fish have the mystical ability to predict the weather. If they leap out of the water to catch the dawn's first light as it pierces the skies, then there will surely be a fine, sunny day to come.

## Crystalfish

A rare Medaka that glitters like crystal. Its patterns are very intricate indeed, to the point where it is often called the "Medaka Aesthete."
Some merchants will claim that these Medaka will lay a crystal pearl under certain extreme conditions and that this pearl is both an item of great price and a sign of quality. This has made these fish very sought after by people from all walks of life and caused their market value to soar. However, this is just amusing to the fishermen, who know the inside story: That object is merely a Loach Pearl that the fish ate by mistake. It rolled into the fish's salty intestines, only to spat back out of the mouths of merchants with an agenda. Some grounds for a price hike that is!

## Lunged Stickleback

A swift, fierce fish with spiny fins whose spiny mouth can pierce the current when it swims at full speed. Its capabilities have earned it the nicknames "The Cutter" and "Hard-To-Get."
Unlike others of its kind, the lunged stickleback can live in dried, muddy pools for a long time. Other than its gills, it can also breathe through its vestigial scales, which is a feature much more similar to that of amphibians. As such, apart from dealing with uninvited anglers, it also has to deal with an academic vote of no confidence in it still being a stickleback.

## Betta

A swift, fierce fish with spiny fins whose spiny mouth can pierce the current when it swims at full speed. Its capabilities have earned it the nicknames "The Cutter" and "Hard-To-Get."
Among sticklebacks, this sort would either count as the proudest, or a rather close second place. They are especially prickly during courtships, where even the slightest breeze or smallest ripple might trip their fuse. A hobbyist once observed one such specimen charging at waving seagrass, as if such flagrant dancing was some major provocation against the stickleback king or something.
"If you encounter one underwater, do not look it in the eyes." — Angler's Atlas, Betta Chapter

## Venomspine Fish

A swift, fierce fish with spiny fins whose spiny mouth can pierce the current when it swims at full speed. Its capabilities have earned it the nicknames "The Cutter" and "Hard-To-Get."
The Venomspine Fish's most well-known trait is its poisonous spines, which contain a neurotoxin that is fatal to smaller prey but proves far weaker against large organisms, mostly only causing mild confusion or hallucinations.
"Fill 'er up, Rex, my good lad! Fill 'er up to the brim for big brother!" — A certain fisherman from Liyue who was accidentally pricked.

## Akai Maou

A stickleback with a fierce appearance and a manner to match. It will fight anyone and anything under the sea for food — a veritable and much-feared robber in red. Its fiery-red coloration seems to have much to do with Pyro, for while they cannot quite become flame generators, they do have some control over high temperatures. They can convert energy from their food and focus it on their dangerous snouts, making them underwater scoundrels indeed.
"Need to drill wood to make a flame? This is your best friend." — Angler's Atlas, Akai Maou Chapter

## Snowstrider

A rare stickleback that only dwells in snowy, mountainous regions. It is quite possibly due to this that it has a much cooler temperament as compared to other sticklebacks. This species has an unusually great love for the bitter cold, almost as if they were parent and child. Though they can live in warmer waters, but any removal from such conditions is like striking a spiritual blow to them, and they will become depressed and refuse to multiply.
"Not a recommended catch." — Angler's Atlas, Snowstrider Chapter

## Golden Koi

A large fish said to be the descendant of dragons.
With the horn on its head and its scaleless form clad as if in golden armor, it looks every bit like a king underwater. In truth, its bloodline and behavior could not be more different from that of a dragon — it can neither call forth the wind and rain nor the power of domination and is actually often the victim of food-snatching due to its weak character. A real shame, of course, that it looks so very majestic. As such, it lost the nickname "Descendant of Dragons," and is now termed the "False Dragon" instead.

## Rusty Koi

A large fish said to be the descendant of dragons.
This is a variant species of Koi, and is sometimes termed the "awakened dragon" amongst them. In stark contrast to its rather shabby appearance, the Rusty Koi has shed its opulent gold tabard in exchange for a hard armor of rusty bronze. Very strong-willed, it will fight any interloper that dares to steal its food or enter its territory. In terms of pure fighting capability, it is even a match for smaller sea monsters and has thus been given the nickname "Ironbone Dragon" in honor of its strength, which is considered the backbone of its species' future revitalization.

## Brown Shirakodai

A gentle, elegant butterflyfish variant. It has a lovely, streamlined dorsal fin, and has the nickname "Queen of the Waters."
Earthen-colored patterns run across its body, and its temper is also as steady as stone. They can go a bit overboard, however, and will sometimes lie at the bottom and not move an inch, just like a rock, leading some buyers to think that they've bought some hopelessly moribund old fish.

## Purple Shirakodai

A gentle, elegant butterflyfish variant. It has a lovely, streamlined dorsal fin, and has the nickname "Queen of the Waters."
Lovely purple patterns run across its body, and they love to swim together in schools to fend off natural dangers and predators. But once this quirk of theirs was grasped by seasoned fisherpeople, they realized that all one needed to do was to lure a single fish into the trap, and all the rest would follow.

## Tea-Colored Shirakodai

A gentle, elegant butterflyfish variant. It has a lovely, streamlined dorsal fin, and has the nickname "Queen of the Waters."
Tea-colored patterns swirl around this inquisitive fish that seems strongly interested in everything around it. Unfortunately, its method of expressing interest in anything is to have a nibble to see if it can be eaten. This isn't a malicious move by any means, but it has landed this species in hot water many times all the same.

## Abiding Angelfish

A rare and valuable butterflyfish variant from Liyue. At present, it can only be found near water bodies around the abodes of the adepti. Its pale white lines are very striking, and it has greater longevity than other members of the species and is thus regarded to be a lucky fish blessed by the adepti.
Most people from Liyue will refuse to eat this fish on principle, given the common respect for the adepti, but some fear no such superstition and claim that eating these fish can help one extend one's years.

## Raimei Angelfish

A rare and valuable butterflyfish variant from Inazuma. It loves water bodies suffused with Electro, and seems to derive joy from electric currents.
It is said that these fish were once from the same line as the Abiding Angelfish of Liyue, until traveling merchants exported them to Inazuma. There, their behavioral patterns underwent an unexpected shift. At present, some researchers have begun to use them in conjunction with Electro Slimes for experiments.
"Ma... Mah... Mah tung ith numm..." — A certain greedy gourmet after trying a Raimei Angelfish dish.

## Pufferfish

Round and short pelvic fins, a plump body, and a plain face make up most people's first impression of the pufferfish. This is by and large an accurate assessment of its character as well: dull, slow, and lazy. However, few people know that this rather silly exterior hides a killer technique — this fish is capable of sucking water into its body before expelling it like a cannon from its mouth with such force and pinpoint accuracy that even fishermen might be stunned by it. Truly, it is a first-rate killer in the water.
"Pufferfish ahead? Watch for spittle!" — Angler's Atlas, Pufferfish Chapter

## Bitter Pufferfish

A rare pufferfish variant. As the name suggests, this creature spreads bitterness wherever it goes in the underwater world. Its water cannon projectiles are slower and smaller than those of its ordinary counterparts, but the power of such attacks is undiminished due to the incredibly bitter pheromones within. During their courtship phase, an observer might bear witness to the curious sight of males and females of this species blasting each other with these water cannons. Perhaps passing on the bitterness of life is also a manifestation of love.

## Divda Ray

A strange cartilaginous fish that was once thought to be a fantastical creature, only recorded in some ancient scrolls of art on Watatsumi Island. As the seal over Enkanomiya was opened, their true forms were laid bare before the eyes of all.
It is said that the bodily forms of these curious creatures will change color as time passes. When they are young, they are as gold as sunlight. Rays at this stage of life earned the name "Divda" in those ancient scrolls, which means "the tail end of innocence."

## Formalo Ray

A strange cartilaginous fish that was once thought to be a fantastical creature, only recorded in some ancient scrolls of art on Watatsumi Island. As the seal over Enkanomiya was opened, their true forms were laid bare before the eyes of all.
It is said that the bodily forms of these curious creatures will change color as time passes. When they are young, they are as gold as sunlight. Later in life, however, their colors deepen, and their two 'wings' will be colored with a purple as deep as the night. Rays at this stage of life earned the name "Formalo" in those ancient scrolls, which means "the maw of greed."

## True Fruit Angler

Medium-sized, round fish with horn-like cartilage that is used to dig underwater burrows, build shelters and drive away creatures that try to harm them. 
Specimens with a greenish tint are the common species in this lineage. They look like an unripe fruit on a tree branch, hence the nickname "True Fruit." 
However, there are very few bones in this fish. The meat is fatty and rich, but if it's not handled properly, or you remove its gallbladder too late, the fish's meat will be as sour as unripe fruit. Therefore, "making this fish delicious" has become the standard by which all chefs are measured.

## Peach of the Deep Waves

Medium-sized, round fish with horn-like cartilage that is used to dig underwater burrows, build shelters and drive away creatures that try to harm them. 
This species' whole body is pink and the tail fin is green, colors that are associated with the Zaytun Peach. These fish are, as their name suggests, so sweet that they are considered "ideal for dessert."
Doubtless, owing to various factors, the fish dessert that the fish chefs were hoping to create did not pan out. Because this type of fish is rare and expensive, it is often farmed as an ornamental fish. 
There is a large customer base that doesn't want to spend too much Mora on this kind of pufferfish, but nevertheless can't get enough of its bright colors. There are even enterprising businessmen who have managed to reverse this phenomenon, modeling their Zaytun Peaches after these pufferfish. The sales of those are pretty good.

## Sandstorm Angler

A medium-sized, round fish with horn-like cartilage that is used to dig underwater burrows, build shelters and drive away creatures that try to harm it. 
This sandy-colored, plain-looking fish is an important breed. Researchers have managed to deduce the ecological characteristics of the whole pufferfish lineage from the anatomy of this species. With its immense strength and strongest horns amongst its kind, this fish acts as an "underwater workhorse." They have evolved their protective coloration as a result of long-term activities in the riverbed and the bottom of the lake, along with spending all their days with pervasive river and lake sand as companions.

## Sunset Cloud Angler

A medium-sized, round fish with horn-like cartilage that is used to dig underwater burrows, build shelters and drive away creatures that try to harm it.
As the longest-living species of pufferfish, they have a light gray color and are easy to identify. The color comes from their unique way of survival — their cutis contains a substance similar to bile, which is far more acidic than that of other fish, causing them to be shunned by many underwater creatures.
But when cooked in a special way, the acidity actually adds to the freshness of the fish. As a result, this fish sells very well. At Sumeru's fish markets, you can often see signs that say: "Do not keep Sunset Cloud Anglers in the same tank as other fish meant for consumption."

## Lazurite Axe Marlin

A fish with unique morphology and Sumeru's cousin to the butterfly fish. This fish has a broad skeleton and a unique curved body. Legend has it that the first fishermen to catch this fish had their rods tilted at the end of the tail fin and found that the two, when combined, resemble a polearm, hence giving rise to the name "Axe Marlin." This name has made much more of an impression than its scientific name, the "Anchor Hook Butterfly," and it is thus colloquially used amongst most people.
Although its namesake is a weapon, and its strength surpasses that of many other fish, Axe Marlin mostly have a kind personality, especially those with blue and gold stripes on the body. Due to their hard scales and big size, Axe Marlins are able to handle attacks from other aquatic creatures, waiting until their attacker is exhausted and leaves.
Their strength can also prove challenging for a master fisherman, whose only choice is to treat them as large beasts — to drain their stamina more efficiently and eventually catch them, one must go all out the moment an Axe Marlin bites.

## Halcyon Jade Axe Marlin

A medium-sized fish with unique morphology and Sumeru's cousin to the butterfly fish. This fish has a broad skeleton and a unique curved body. Legend has it that the first fishermen to catch this fish had their rods tilted at the end of the tail fin and found that the two, when combined, resemble a polearm, hence giving rise to the name "Axe Marlin." This name has made much more of an impression than its scientific name, the "Anchor Hook Butterfly," and it is thus colloquially used amongst most people.
The jade-colored Axe Marlin prefers to live in areas where aquatic plants flourish, and where its shape easily blends in with the background. Small fish that wander through the grass often bump into their camouflaged bodies and become dazed, but the marlin doesn't feel provoked, and will instead offer shelter to its neighbors.

## Streaming Axe Marlin

A fish with unique morphology and Fontaine's cousin to the butterfly fish. This fish has a broad skeleton and a unique curved body. Legend has it that the first fishermen to catch this fish had their rods tilted at the end of the tail fin and found that the two, when combined, resemble a polearm, hence giving rise to the name "Axe Marlin." This name has made much more of an impression than its scientific name, the "Anchor Hook Butterfly," and it is thus colloquially used amongst most people.
It is said that these sea-blue Axe Marlins were a special type that migrated from Sumeru to Fontaine. Compared to their more mild-tempered cousins in Sumeru, Streaming Axe Marlins are tougher and can survive in far more inhospitable environments. They are also known to travel extremely long distances, comparable even to those covered by some merchant vessels. As a result, some sailors see them as an emblem of courage and patience.

## Rippling Heartfeather Bass

Peculiar fishes that look like a heart from the side, which are said to be related to bass. Their dorsal and ventral fins are comprised of flexible bones that are as slender as feathers, hence why researchers proposed the name "Heartfeather Bass."
As an important subspecies of the Heartfeather Bass family, Rippling Heartfeather Bass are much better at swimming than their appearance suggests — they can even travel across roaring waves. It is said that their fins produce a rippling sound when they swim above the water against the current. Identifying the fish is already extremely challenging given their protective coloration, so most anglers have never heard this unique sound with their own ears.

## Blazing Heartfeather Bass

Peculiar fishes that look like a heart from the side, which are said to be related to bass. Their dorsal and ventral fins are comprised of flexible bones that are as slender as feathers, hence why researchers proposed the name "Heartfeather Bass."
"Blazing Heartfeather Bass" have a unique coloration that shines like sunlight, making them extremely eye-catching in the water. This is said to be a special self-defense strategy which causes other fish that rely on their vision to mistake them for unknown burning objects, keeping potential predators away as a result. Contrary to their flaming appearance, they actually maintain a low body temperature and have a relatively modest food intake. Sometimes, they even go out of their way to stay in the shallows just to get some sunshine.

## Maintenance Mek: Initial Configuration

Compact assistance meka developed to increase the overall utilization rates of meka teams, providing aid for underwater projects. They were originally designed to remove junk, vegetation, and other underwater debris in order to prevent these from clogging up the vital parts of other clockwork meka, thereby minimizing failure rates. From another point of view, they are undoubtedly benefiting Fontaine's ecosystem greatly as underwater cleaners.
Equipped with high-sensitivity sensors, the meka can efficiently "nose out" target items through smells as well as detect the optical characteristics of underwater junk. As a result, they can be attracted by certain types of bait and are occasionally caught by anglers, who refer to them as "Water Maintenance Fish" or "Iron Fish."
Made of light wood and cheap metal, this model represents the first batch of Maintenance Mek produced after achieving reliable manufacture, and possesses the fundamental capabilities required to fulfill the purpose for which they were designed. Their lifespan, however, is somewhat limited. To make up for that, this model was released in great numbers, and they work in "group shifts" — when one group stops functioning after reaching the end of their life cycle, another group that has been deployed underwater beforehand is then activated and takes the next shift. In the eyes of ordinary people, these "Iron Fishes" seem to be able to reproduce themselves in a never-ending stream. Catching a few of them from time to time is certainly no cause for a guilty conscience.

## Maintenance Mek: Water Body Cleaner

Compact assistance meka developed to increase the overall utilization rates of meka teams, providing aid for underwater projects. They were originally designed to remove junk, vegetation, and other underwater debris in order to prevent these from clogging up the vital parts of other clockwork meka, thereby minimizing failure rates. From another point of view, they are undoubtedly benefiting Fontaine's ecosystem greatly as underwater cleaners.
Equipped with high-sensitivity sensors, the meka can efficiently "nose out" target items through smells as well as detect the optical characteristics of underwater junk. As a result, they can be attracted by certain types of bait and are occasionally caught by anglers, who refer to them as "Water Maintenance Fish" or "Iron Fish."
Compared to the mass-deployed "Initial Configuration" model, the "Water Body Cleaner" model is more mature and coated with erosion-resistant material. The researchers responsible for this project introduced periodic callback and maintenance instead of just leaving them on their own after release. They would send out homing signals through flashing of a certain frequency in order to retrieve the meka, which they would then release again following maintenance and examination. Over time, certain individuals began to use this flashing method as a type of "bait" to catch these meka, and it is now widely known among the angling community.

## Maintenance Mek: Situation Controller

Compact assistance meka developed to increase the overall utilization rates of meka teams, providing aid for underwater projects. They were originally designed to remove junk, vegetation, and other underwater debris in order to prevent these from clogging up the vital parts of other clockwork meka, thereby minimizing failure rates. From another point of view, they are undoubtedly benefiting Fontaine's ecosystem greatly as underwater cleaners.
Equipped with high-sensitivity sensors, the meka can efficiently "nose out" target items through smells as well as detect the optical characteristics of underwater junk. As a result, they can be attracted by certain types of bait and are occasionally caught by anglers, who refer to them as "Water Maintenance Fish" or "Iron Fish."
Under certain conditions, Maintenance Meks will treat the food of some underwater creatures as targets to be cleaned, and thus sometimes find themselves embroiled in conflicts in which they are at a disadvantage due to their small size and lack of power. Over time, an increasing number were being damaged as a result. 
To protect the previous two models and ensure safe cleaning, researchers utilized existent frameworks and did their best to increase the power density of core structures. In the end, they developed a third model with certain combat capabilities, which was primarily designed to drive away underwater creatures by ramming into them. The new model was rapidly manufactured on the basis of previous processes.
However, the plan to further enhance "Situation Controllers" was suddenly terminated by the Fontaine Research Institute. After all, if these little things were capable of driving ferocious underwater creatures away, then what were all the other underwater meka for? In reality, these "Situation Controllers" were of no real use against the underwater creatures that actually posed a threat to the other meka, and could only deal with common fishes and damage the ecosystem. As a result, researchers had to shut down some of them intentionally and restrict their offensive capabilities.

## Maintenance Mek: Platinum Collection

Compact assistance meka developed to increase the overall utilization rates of meka teams, providing aid for underwater projects. They were originally designed to remove junk, vegetation, and other underwater debris in order to prevent these from clogging up the vital parts of other clockwork meka, thereby minimizing failure rates.
Compared to the other batch-produced models, these special limited-edition "Platinum Collection" meks stand out with their clean and bright casing. When trying to attract support from wealthy merchants for the Maintenance Mek project, the development team would send them a fish tank containing one of these exquisite contraptions as a gift — and fine gifts they were indeed! Unfortunately, none of these attempts worked, so the development team adjusted their plans and tried to sell them off as toys to make up for the lack of project funds instead.
In the end, due to the accident that we all remember, the whole development team was dismissed and all of their future projects were canceled. At present, all of the remaining Maintenance Meks in Fontaine are totally unsupervised, and the "Platinum Collection" batch are no exception — they have all been lost to the water. Disappearing completely off the radar, they have turned out to be the most unique and expensive "fishes" in Fontaine. According to an in-depth investigation and cross-examination of the existing data by journalists of The Steambird, "the deployment of Maintenance Meks has not made any significant difference to the pollution levels of Fontaine's waters, and the effect of the project is still in question." Nowadays, surviving "Platinum Collection" meks still wander the waters of Fontaine, and they are considered among the most prized of catches. After all, a "Platinum Collection" mek is now as rare as the most valuable Ornamental Fish in other nations.

## Maintenance Mek: Gold Leader

Compact assistance meka developed to increase the overall utilization rates of meka groups, providing aid for underwater projects. They were originally designed to remove junk, vegetation, and other underwater debris in order to prevent these from clogging up the vital parts of other clockwork meka, thereby minimizing failure rates. From another point of view, they are undoubtedly benefiting Fontaine's ecosystem greatly as underwater cleaners.
Compared to other mass-produced models, this special "Gold Leader" assistance meka utilizes a clear gold outer casing along with special control equipment. The project team designed it to fulfill the role of a command relay station in particularly complex underwater environments, receiving and re-transmitting commands from the controller to all other meka within the group, effectively fulfilling the important role of leader.
However, as the whole maintenance meka project stopped functioning, these leader meka lost their reason for existence. Only their highly recognizable clear golden casing gives them value in the eyes of the anglers who collect them.

## Jade Heartfeather Bass

Peculiar fish that look like a heart from the side, which are said to be related to bass. Their dorsal and ventral fins are comprised of flexible bones that are as slender as feathers, hence the proposed name "Heartfeather Bass."
Jade Heartfeather Bass are named for the jade-like coloration they take on in the water. Despite their gentle appearances, they possess remarkable resilience and can adapt to diverse aquatic environments. The clear water in Chenyu Vale is especially suitable for them, where they thrive and live a carefree, comfortable life.

## Floral Rapidfighting Fish

Despite the name it has been given, this creature is not actually a fish, but a medium-sized amphibian. It has a rather unique appearance with a distinctive flat head that bears a striking resemblance to a fist blade, giving it the look of being constantly ready for fierce battles with its natural enemies. In fact, they are gentle in nature and not aggressive in the slightest. The real purpose of their formidable-looking "blades" is to reduce water resistance when swimming through rivers. Thanks to their special head structure, they can navigate swiftly against the flow of turbulent currents, earning them the name "Rapidfighting Fish."
Owing to their vivid pink hue, these Rapidfighting Fish have been given the prefix "Floral," which has caused some tourists to mistakenly associate them with the Flower-Feather Clan or Qucusaurs. It is said that this color provides particularly effective camouflage against their natural adversaries, especially when in shallow waters against a backdrop of reddish-brown rocks.

## Diving Rapidfighting Fish

Despite the name it has been given, this creature is not actually a fish, but a medium-sized amphibian. It has a rather unique appearance with a distinctive flat head that bears a striking resemblance to a fist blade, giving it the look of being constantly ready for fierce battles with its natural enemies. In fact, they are gentle in nature and not aggressive in the slightest. The real purpose of their formidable-looking "blades" is to reduce water resistance when swimming through rivers. Thanks to their special head structure, they can navigate swiftly against the flow of turbulent currents, earning them the name "Rapidfighting Fish."
These bluish-toned Rapidfighting Fish are capable of diving down into deeper waters. But due to their fondness for the warmth of direct sunlight, as well as all the fun they have playing with young Koholasaurs, they tend not to stay at the bottom for very long...

## Magma Rapidfighting Fish

Despite the name it has been given, this creature is not actually a fish, but a medium-sized amphibian. It has a rather unique appearance with a distinctive flat head that bears a striking resemblance to a fist blade, giving it the look of being constantly ready for fierce battles with its natural enemies. In fact, they are gentle in nature and not aggressive in the slightest. The real purpose of their formidable-looking "blades" is to reduce water resistance when swimming through rivers. Thanks to their special head structure, they can navigate swiftly against the flow of turbulent currents, earning them the name "Rapidfighting Fish."
This subspecies of Rapidfighting Fish, living as they do in liquid Phlogiston, possess exceptionally tough skins that are particularly resilient to high temperatures, earning them the moniker "the fish that can't be grilled." Of course, most fishing enthusiasts who get their hands on a Magma Rapidfighting Fish tend to treat them as precious ornamental fish, nurturing them with loving care rather than sending them to the kitchen...

## Greenwave Sunfish

Medium-sized fish with a flat body and a gentle temperament, these fish are considered to be one of the least irritable creatures in the waters of Natlan. Capable of consuming almost anything, their utterly indiscriminate eating habits make them natural cleaners of the underwater world, a trait that has earned them high praise among locals.
Legend has it that in the distant past, Greenwave Sunfish inhabited waters where the nutrient levels were excessively high, to the point that thick layers of algae would float upon the surface. It was thanks to their presence that this algae was kept in check. Even today, the crystal-clear, azure waters of the People of the Springs may be in part a testament to their contribution.

## Dusk Sunfish

Medium-sized fish with a flat body and a gentle temperament, these fish are considered to be one of the least irritable creatures in the waters of Natlan. Capable of consuming almost anything, their utterly indiscriminate eating habits make them natural cleaners of the underwater world, a trait that has earned them high praise among locals.
In some folk tales, the intertwining colors with which the skins of these Sunfish are adorned, with their bright reds and light blues, are said to be the result of them having "drunk the remnants of the sunset." Both sunlight and firelight are cherished and revered by the people of Natlan, and as such, writers from Liyue and Fontaine have seen this story as epitomizing the "unique romance of Natlan."

## Phony Phlogiston Unihornfish

A peculiar type of fish with a single horn. Round and firm, its belly is as bouncy as a balloon.
The horn-shaped crystals that grow on the head have some similarities to solid phlogiston, but research indicates that these "horns" are clear and sparkling when they are newly hatched, like polished glass. But after living in a liquid phlogiston environment for an extended period, the accumulation of numerous colored substances causes the current colorful appearance, and gives rise to their joking nickname of "Phony Phlogiston."
Every few years, the "Phony Phlogiston" crystal on the Unihornfish's head will slough off fragments as it grows, and these fragments are incredibly precious ingredients for creating dyes. Graffiti aficionados consider them to capture the "color of flame."

## Pseudoshark Unihornfish

A peculiar type of fish with a single horn. Round and firm, its belly is as bouncy as a balloon... Actually, there really is a balloon-like swim bladder in there.
While the Phony Phlogiston Unihornfish can provide graffiti enthusiasts with precious paints, they can only live in liquid phlogiston environments. Thus, the Graffiti Alliance began to explore raising this kind of fish in ordinary aqueous environments. To accomplish this, the previous Graffiti Alliance's leader's previous predecessor began to work with the Natlan Fishing Association, expending an enormous sum to import clockwork fish from Fontaine, using "Maintenance Mek" tech to build an ecological simulation mek with onboard data collection capabilities and conduct extensive observations and research. Alas, the results were most disappointing: the horn-like crystal structures on Unihornfish heads ceased to shine with flame-like light after the fish left their liquid phlogiston environment, and so, the plan ended in failure.
Fortunately, due to the way their dorsal fin extends above the water while they swim, these mek Unihornfish look kind of like sharks from a distance. Thanks to this, the People of the Springs ended up buying an appropriate quantity of these "Pseudoshark Unihornfish" from the Graffiti Alliance and Natlan Fishing Association. They are used for giving tourists who go surfing a thrilling yet safe experience, as well as to scare lawbreakers in certain waters.

## Secret Source Scout Sweeper

A nimble, fish-like mechanical construct reminiscent of the technology in ancient ruins. It can move in various liquid environments, including liquid Phlogiston — perhaps it was designed to detect and automatically approach heat sources. 
Due to this "heat-seeking" trait, skilled fishers can use heat-emitting bait to lure and capture them. When disassembled, they yield remarkable components from ancient civilizations, making these "mechanical fish" highly valuable...

## Lantern Fiber

Used in Lantern Rite as material with which to construct Xiao Lanterns.
This commonly encountered fibrous material can be processed into lantern wrappings so that the lanterns can float away, carrying their beautiful wishes far afield.

## Wick Material

Used in Lantern Rite as material with which to construct Xiao Lanterns.
The commonly encountered velvety material can be processed into lantern wicks so the lanterns can float away, carrying their beautiful wishes far afield.

## Plaustrite Shard

Used in Lantern Rite as material with which to construct Xiao Lanterns.
A mysterious shard of elemental rock that can float by itself. It is the secret to the flying lanterns. It is also said to be the thing that powers the Jade Chamber's floating mechanism.