# Materials: MATERIAL_AVATAR_MATERIAL

## Brilliant Diamond Sliver

Character Ascension material.
"Welcome to this world."

## Brilliant Diamond Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"Welcome to this world."

## Brilliant Diamond Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"Welcome to this world."

## Brilliant Diamond Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"Welcome to this world."

## Agnidus Agate Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Agnidus Agate Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"A pilgrimage for a wish; a battle to earn a name..."

## Agnidus Agate Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"A pilgrimage for a wish; a battle to earn a name...
Burnt to cinders for a dream."

## Agnidus Agate Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"A pilgrimage for a wish; a battle to earn a name...
Burnt to cinders for a dream.
If the intention yet remains, achieved ██'s truth he has."

## Varunada Lazurite Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Varunada Lazurite Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"My ideals have no stains."

## Varunada Lazurite Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"My ideals have no stains.
I must correct you. People here bear no sins in the eyes of the gods..."

## Varunada Lazurite Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"My ideals have no stains.
I must correct you. People here bear no sins in the eyes of the gods... Only laws and the Tribunal can judge someone.
They can judge even me. So praise my magnificence and purity."

## Nagadus Emerald Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Nagadus Emerald Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"I had a very, very long dream..."

## Nagadus Emerald Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"I had a very, very long dream..."
"In it, people were holding hands, dancing in a circle, be they sages or fools, dancers or warriors, puppets or statues of gods..."

## Nagadus Emerald Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"I had a very, very long dream..."
"In it, people were holding hands, dancing in a circle, be they sages or fools, dancers or warriors, puppets or statues of gods..."
"That dancing circle embodied everything about the universe. Life has always been the end, while it is wisdom that shall be the means."

## Vajrada Amethyst Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Vajrada Amethyst Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"This body is the noblest and most eminent of all in this world."

## Vajrada Amethyst Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"This body is the noblest and most eminent of all in this world.
It should hold absolute control over this world."

## Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"This body is the noblest and most eminent of all in this world.
"It should hold absolute control over this world.
"It once promised its people a dream: the never-changing 'eternity.'"

## Vayuda Turquoise Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Vayuda Turquoise Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"Still, the winds change direction."

## Vayuda Turquoise Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"Still, the winds change direction.
Someday, they will blow towards a brighter future..."

## Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"Still, the winds change direction.
"Someday, they will blow towards a brighter future...
"Take my blessings and live leisurely from this day onward."

## Shivada Jade Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Shivada Jade Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"Sorry..."

## Shivada Jade Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"Sorry..."
"...to also have you shoulder the grievances of the world."

## Shivada Jade Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"Sorry... to also have you shoulder the grievances of the world.
"Since you could endure my bitter cold, you must have the desire to burn?
"Then, burn away the old world for me."

## Prithiva Topaz Sliver

Character Ascension material.

## Prithiva Topaz Fragment

Character Ascension material.
"The currencies that flow through this land are my flesh and blood."

## Prithiva Topaz Chunk

Character Ascension material.
"The currencies that flow through this land are my flesh and blood.
For thus did I become the guarantor of the people's hard work, wisdom, and future."

## Prithiva Topaz Gemstone

Character Ascension material.
"The currencies that flow through this land are my flesh and blood.
For thus did I become the guarantor of the people's hard work, wisdom, and future.
This is the trust I have placed in them. Betray it, and you taint my blood."

## Teachings of Freedom

Talent Level-Up material.
Freedom is the spirit of the land of the wind.
The freedom to live is one of such. It is the freedom to live freely and healthily without concerns of one's own safety.

## Guide to Freedom

Talent Level-Up material.
Freedom is the spirit of the land of the wind.
The freedom of travel is one of such. It is the freedom to traverse the land freely without being obstructed.

## Philosophies of Freedom

Talent Level-Up material.
Freedom is the spirit of the land of the wind.
To sing is one such freedom. To sing on the land created by the Anemo Archon is to send your heart away with the song on the wind.

## Teachings of Resistance

Talent Level-Up material.
Resistance is the backbone of the land of the wind.
The history of Mondstadt is one of resistances. People rose up to prevent past conflicts from ever being forgotten, like sprouts breaking through the soil, like the eternal wind eroding through stone walls.

## Guide to Resistance

Talent Level-Up material.
Resistance is the backbone of the city of Wind.
The history of Mondstadt is one of resistances. People rose up to grant the citizens of Mondstadt the freedom they now enjoy, like the Anemo Archon blowing away the snow, or like Vennessa rising up to fight.

## Philosophies of Resistance

Talent Level-Up material.
Resistance is the backbone of the land of the wind.
The history of Mondstadt is one of resistances. People rose up to allow the future Mondstadt's poetry to freely be that of the wind and be spread across the land.

## Teachings of Ballad

Talent Level-Up material.
Poetry is the soul of the land of the wind.
Poetry is the manifestations of beautiful feelings. On a beautiful day, the breezes carry with them poetry that touches the heart of people like the wind caressing the leaves.

## Guide to Ballad

Talent Level-Up material.
Poetry is the soul of the land of the wind.
Poetry is the manifestations of the will to encourage. In the dark days, the gales in the streets and alleyways whisper words of fury, like the battle drums, like the low rumbling before the storm.

## Philosophies of Ballad

Talent Level-Up material.
Poetry is the soul of the land of the wind.
Poetry is the manifestations of the desire to spread the word. Though nothing is eternal, though nothing will be the same, the wind's poetry will still spread beyond the skies, the land, the seas to every corner of the world.

## Teachings of Prosperity

Talent Level-Up material.
Prosperity is the people's pursuit in the land of Geo.
Prosperity is the blessing of Liyue, it is the foundation of the great city built by the gods and the people of Liyue, and it is the source of the peace and safety of the land.

## Guide to Prosperity

Talent Level-Up material.
Prosperity is the people's pursuit in the land of Geo.
Prosperity is the promise made by Liyue to its children: To repay the hard-working laborers with enough gold to brighten up this land.

## Philosophies of Prosperity

Talent Level-Up material.
Prosperity is the people's pursuit in the land of Geo.
Prosperity is Liyue's past, present, and future. This prosperity is unmatched and unobtainable by any other nations — it all belongs to Liyue and its inhabitants.

## Teachings of Diligence

Talent Level-Up material.
Industriousness is the foundation of the land of Geo.
Diligence is having the bravery and the strength to conquer mountains and seas and to pursue gold and prosperity through honest, hard work.

## Guide to Diligence

Talent Level-Up material.
Industriousness is the foundation of the land of Geo.
Industriousness is the catalyst that flows in the blood of the people of Liyue, able to turn rocks into gold. It is what lies behind the greatness of its great commercial port.

## Philosophies of Diligence

Talent Level-Up material.
Industriousness is the foundation of the land of Geo.
Industriousness is believing in one's own ability to earn a place in the land of the gods through sweat, wisdom, and power.

## Teachings of Gold

Talent Level-Up material.
Gold is the symbol of the land of Geo.
Gold is the blood that flows deep within Liyue's veins, the muscle that makes up Liyue's beating heart, and the bones that make Liyue stand proud.

## Guide to Gold

Talent Level-Up material.
Gold is the symbol of the land of Geo.
Gold symbolizes conversion. This is the unspoken understanding between Liyue's mountains, land, city, and people. In Liyue, industriousness is converted into gold, and gold into prosperity.

## Philosophies of Gold

Talent Level-Up material.
Gold is the symbol of the land of Geo.
Gold is the wealth of Liyue, but Liyue's true wealth is the hearts of its people that shine like gold.

## Crown of Insight

A precious Talent Level-Up material.
Once a medium for the storage and transfer of wisdom in ancient times. Now, wisdom is found in ancient texts and in profound speech. Nevertheless, this Crown of Insight must still be able to impart some transcendent power and wisdom to its bearer.

## Teachings of Transience

Talent Level-Up material.
Transience is the dream of the nation of thunder.
Fleeting glories are the highest expression of mortal beauty, for are we mortals not like the flashing lightning itself? Like a lovely dream or blossoming spark, we shall leave a gorgeous mark on the eternal night sky.

## Guide to Transience

Talent Level-Up material.
Transience is the dream of the nation of thunder.
We find the greatest joys in mortal life in transient dreams, for is life itself not like the shadow of the thunder? Pursue your dreams into the clouds if you wish, and enjoy the unexpected silence of the dim lamp-lit nights.

## Philosophies of Transience

Talent Level-Up material.
Transience is the dream of the nation of thunder.
The fleeting nature of this mortal world is the essence of beauty, for are our lives in this world not akin to the levin flash? Yet the might of the divine comes suddenly, and before the roar of eternity, who can stand?

## Teachings of Elegance

Talent Level-Up material.
Elegance is the form of the nation of thunder.
Elegance brooks no flattery, and the elegant are ever noble. They are like the sea eagles who soar on high to contend with the resounding storms. They will not cater to philistine vulgarity, as one would not cast a flower crown into the mud, staining its dignity.

## Guide to Elegance

Talent Level-Up material.
Elegance is the form of the nation of thunder.
Elegance shuns arrogance. The elegant are ever humble, and only by discarding vanity and sloth may one see clearly — and is there not beauty and loveliness even in the basest of appearances?

## Philosophies of Elegance

Talent Level-Up material.
Elegance is the form of the nation of thunder.
Elegance abhors vulgarity, and the elegant ever walk alone. Resisting base evils, unmoved by base loves, never taking refuge in base ignorance — that is how one perceives the chasm between the elegant and the contemptuous.

## Teachings of Light

Talent Level-Up material.
Light is the yearning of the land of thunder.
The ruler who claims to have perceived all forever aims to hoard celestial glory. But this vision that cannot be shared only leads people to long for it more fiercely, like moths diving into the flame.

## Guide to Light

Talent Level-Up material.
Light is the yearning of the land of thunder.
Though the sun rays themselves should be blocked by layers upon layers of clouds, there are still those in the thunder god's land who dream of piercing that wrathful sea of lightning to pursue the glory of the divine, fearing not that they shall be cruelly struck down.

## Philosophies of Light

Talent Level-Up material.
Light is the yearning of the land of thunder.
Though they must live forever on the earth, humanity will always reach for the light. Mortals will pursue and surpass, and they will never stop. A sealed eternity may, perhaps, look magnificent, but its essence is death.

## Teachings of Admonition

Talent Level-Up material.
Admonition is the branches of the nation of wisdom.
Admonition comes from a pure heart. Only sensible words of goodwill can express profound wisdom and free the sprout of knowledge from the shackles of arrogance.

## Guide to Admonition

Talent Level-Up material.
Admonition is the branches of the nation of wisdom.
Admonition is paired with wise thinking. Careful deliberation affords humble words a clarity that convinces the wise and enlightens the foolish. Such words allow wisdom to flow like an unobstructed river.

## Philosophies of Admonition

Talent Level-Up material.
Admonition is the branches of the nation of wisdom.
Admonition is completed by good deeds. What is done confers real meaning upon what is said. When one's mind, words, and deeds are aligned, their nourishment shall guarantee the fruition of wisdom's tree.

## Teachings of Ingenuity

Talent Level-Up material.
Ingenuity is the leaf-veins of the nation of wisdom.
Ingenuity springs forth from benevolent consideration. They say that "a poisonous tree bears no kind fruit." Similarly, ingenious nascent ideas are always born from determined and benign minds, for only they are worthy bearers of wisdom.

## Guide to Ingenuity

Talent Level-Up material.
Ingenuity is the leaf-veins of the nation of wisdom. Ingenuity sets words of integrity on the right path. One who thinks out of goodwill and in a clever and careful fashion never deviates from the path of boons. Yet one who thinks with contempt and malice shall taint their words with despicable colors.

## Philosophies of Ingenuity

Talent Level-Up material.
Ingenuity is the leaf-veins of the nation of wisdom.
Ingenuity is completed by harmonious conduct. What is done completes what is thought. Wisdom blooms where the mind, words, and practice converge.

## Teachings of Praxis

Talent Level-Up material.
Praxes are the roots of the nation of wisdom.
Praxes stem from an unwavering will. All wisdom is manifested through the unyielding pursuit of goodness. Where goodness is not practiced, ingenuity and eloquence wither.

## Guide to Praxis

Talent Level-Up material.
Praxes are the roots of the nation of wisdom.
Praxes validate words of honesty. Though one speaks and acts out of goodwill, one has not yet obtained wisdom. Wisdom, born from action, is a signet pressed upon honest words.

## Philosophies of Praxis

Talent Level-Up material.
Praxes are the roots of the nation of wisdom.
Praxes bring forth the fruit of wisdom. Practice grants itself meaning, and it is only by treading a path that unites action, speech, and thought that the wise may reach perfection.

## Teachings of Equity

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shore of the Nation of Water is equity.
Equity sets boundaries on rights. Without equity, the rights granted by law will be abused, and become a tool to damage our virtuous customs.

## Guide to Equity

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shore of the Nation of Water is equity.
Equity is the foundation upon which Fontaine was founded. Equity forms the standard of the law. If law loses the essence of equity, it will become a chessboard played for profit.

## Philosophies of Equity

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shore of the Nation of Water is equity.
Equity is the foundation upon which Fontaine was founded. Equity requires the continuous and steady support of morality and law, and morality and law constantly change based upon the invariant principle of equity.

## Teachings of Justice

Talent Level-Up Material.
The sword of the Nation of Water is justice.
The law of Fontaine walks with the sword of justice in hand. Without the guidance of justice, all law is reduced to meaningless words, to be tampered with and slaughtered at a whim.

## Guide to Justice

Talent Level-Up Material.
The sword of the Nation of Water is justice.
The law of Fontaine walks with the sword of justice in hand. Justice must be blind, and those who wield the sword of justice must not be led astray by their own interests or affairs.

## Philosophies of Justice

Talent Level-Up Material.
The sword of the Nation of Water is justice.
The law of Fontaine walks with the sword of justice in hand. Justice means judgment and reconciliation, the blade of judgment arrests the actions of evil, while reconciliation maintains order.

## Teachings of Order

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shield of the Nation of Water is order.
All law in Fontaine ultimately serves to maintain a stable order. Without order, there is chaos, and there can be no fairness in chaos.

## Guide to Order

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shield of the Nation of Water is order.
All law in Fontaine ultimately serves to maintain a stable order. Without the guarantee provided by order, justice will be reduced to unlimited violence, a weapon used by all against all.

## Philosophies of Order

Talent Level-Up Material.
The shield of the Nation of Water is order.
All law in Fontaine ultimately serves to maintain a stable order. Equity and justice come from order, and serve order. Like the still, ripple-less surface of the waters of Fontaine, order is the cornerstone of Fontaine's existence.

## Teachings of Contention

Talent Level-Up material.
Contention is the principle by which all is weighed in the Nation of Pyro.
What defines strength, and what weakness? Only victory and defeat. The results of a contest are more convincing than any words.

## Guide to Contention

Talent Level-Up material.
Contention is the principle by which all is weighed in the Nation of Pyro.
Though humans cannot fly at the speed of winged beasts, nor match the flexibility of slimes, yet still, they have their own unique strengths. Sometimes, understanding both why and how to compete is the key to knowing oneself.

## Philosophies of Contention

Talent Level-Up material.
Contention is the principle by which all is weighed in the Nation of Pyro.
Its purpose is to make yourself stronger. After the outcome of a competition has been decided, the victor gains the confidence to be sure of their direction, while the loser gains insights on how they must become stronger. Beyond winning or losing, this is the true meaning of contention.

## Teachings of Kindling

Talent Level-Up material.
Offering up kindling is the established rule of the Nation of Pyro.
For something gained, something must be given. If you wish to obtain something, you must first pay the corresponding price, just like the offerings that should be made as kindling in the process of incineration.

## Guide to Kindling

Talent Level-Up material.
Offering up kindling is the established rule of the Nation of Pyro.
To acquire a certain amount of something, one must first pay the corresponding price. Sometimes, you may end up paying too much to obtain something; while other times, you may pay too little, and lose it as a result. Understanding how to strike this balance between giving and receiving is one of the meanings of offering kindling.

## Philosophies of Kindling

Talent Level-Up material.
Offering up kindling is the established rule of the Nation of Pyro.
What is meant by offering kindling is to offer up a sacrifice before one obtains something, though it does not always guarantee a response or return. Its true meaning lies in paying a price without expecting a reward — for in the end, the day when the fruits will be reaped is sure to come.

## Teachings of Conflict

Talent Level-Up material.
Conflict is considered reason in the Nation of Pyro.
Rather than avoiding conflict, one should face confrontations head-on. Once the outcome has been made manifest, the path forward should be determined accordingly.

## Guide to Conflict

Talent Level-Up material.
Conflict is considered reason in the Nation of Pyro.
Conflicts can always be resolved by greater powers. This fact means that they can always be managed, as opposed to developing into something uncontrollable. Conflict is also a kind of limitation, preventing people from endless shirking of responsibilities without weighing the costs. It demands that participants settle their scores decisively and efficiently.

## Philosophies of Conflict

Talent Level-Up material.
Conflict is considered reason in the Nation of Pyro.
The premise of conflict is that all parties involved must confront their own desires with the utmost sincerity. Only then, amid the fight or debate, can they remain mindful of what they wish to achieve and stay true to their original objectives.

## Primordial Essence

Particles condensed by the strength of the original elements. As a basic material, it is widely used in classic alchemy.

## Slime Condensate

A thick coating found on slimes. Most commonly seen material in elemental workshops.

## Slime Secretions

Mildly purified slime secretions. Harmful to the skin. Please avoid direct exposure.

## Slime Concentrate

Concentrated slime essence. When left alone, it will begin to move on its own.

## Damaged Mask

A broken bone mask that once belonged to some hilichurl.
Now more broken than complete, it can no longer perform its primary function.

## Stained Mask

A bone mask, covered in unidentifiable stains, that emanates a mysterious odor.
Yet such is the devotion of hilichurls to masks that they will wear it nonetheless.

## Ominous Mask

A glossy bone mask with oil markings painted on it, meant to intimidate enemies.
No one really knows why hilichurls are so fascinated with masks. Some say that it's because they don't want to see their own reflections in the water.

## Divining Scroll

A scroll that likely relates to some kind of magic. Exudes an inexplicable but ominous warmth.

## Sealed Scroll

An old scroll lacking in detail and clarity. By following the images on it, some magical creatures can recreate a small part of its magic.

## Forbidden Curse Scroll

A scroll inscribed with ancient images. It is said that few can decipher its meaning, and the few scholars that have all went mad.

## Firm Arrowhead

A roughly produced arrowhead. Though unimpressive, neither it nor the bow should be underestimated, for even the bravest knight can be felled by an arrow from the rear.

## Sharp Arrowhead

A well-made arrowhead. Sharp enough to penetrate armor with the ease of a rock through the surface of water.

## Weathered Arrowhead

An old arrowhead coated in blood. The arrowhead has long since lost its sharpness and thus its use as a weapon.
However, it represents the pride of a hunter and acts as both an amulet and a medal.

## Heavy Horn

A crude horn used by hilichurls to warn each other. Given the damage to the horn, it won't be warning anyone any time soon.

## Black Bronze Horn

A metallic monster horn that can only be obtained from especially strong hilichurls, since blowing on the horn takes real strength.

## Black Crystal Horn

A metallic horn with an ominous shine decorated with black crystals of an unknown source. It has hardly been used at all. It is likely a ceremonial item of the hilichurls'.

## Gloomy Statuette

An idol made in the likeness of some unknown person.
Even though this carving has seen many years pass, it still has not been damaged in any way. It seems that its previous owner must have cherished it like some holy icon.

## Dark Statuette

An idol made in the likeness of some unknown, one-eyed person.
You can feel a strange warmth emanating from within as you hold onto it, like the shoulder of a dear friend. Perhaps this icon can indeed give people who understand its significance the courage to carry on.

## Deathly Statuette

A one-eyed carving that emanates an ominous energy, with no indication of what it's made of.
As you gaze upon this idol, you can almost hear a strange, comforting whisper...
"See, my child. All that lies under the throne of heaven shall be destroyed by upheaval. The eternal peace of the pitch-dark void shall embrace us all."

## Dead Ley Line Branch

Fragile branches from deep within the earth. Even after years of aging, from beneath it's mottled surface you can see that its power is not yet entirely lost.

## Dead Ley Line Leaves

A twig from deep within the earth. Though it is far from where it once lay, its leaves still pulsate with energy.

## Ley Line Sprout

It is said that there was a great tree whose roots once spread out to every corner of the world, and this branch is said to be part of it. It is almost if it was never broken off and taken far away, for its vitality is such that it still sprouts new leaves even now.

## Chaos Device

Comes from ancient defunct relic structures. A part that once held the structure together. Its aesthetically-pleasing engineering is quite exquisite.

## Chaos Circuit

Comes from ancient defunct relic structures. Was once a logic circuit responsible for movement functions. Sadly, no one is able to make sense of how it worked.

## Chaos Core

Comes from ancient defunct relic structures. The core that once drove a mechanical beast. Should you come to understand its workings and reproduce it, you could perhaps change the world.

## Mist Grass Pollen

Strange spores created by Mist Grass in enclosed spaces. They are the Cicins' favorite food.

## Mist Grass

Well-preserved Mist Grass. Some would take advantage of the Cicins' love for the Mist Grass to control them.

## Mist Grass Wick

A rare bundle of Mist Grass that gives off a faint glow. Those who carry it invite both the Cicins and misfortune.

## Hunter's Sacrificial Knife

A sharp alloy weapon. Though its owner has been lost, it still reflects a disturbingly cold light.

## Agent's Sacrificial Knife

An oddly-shaped weapon made with superior Snezhnayan technology that once belonged to a senior agent. Proper training is required for using this strange weapon.

## Inspector's Sacrificial Knife

In the hands of its lord, this fierce weapon has handled many "debts." No one has eyes in the back of their heads, and this weapon and its related techniques are designed around that weakness.

## Recruit's Insignia

An insignia to identify the recruits. Makes one wonder about what the ones joining the Fatui's war machine were thinking.

## Sergeant's Insignia

An insignia with a different shape to distinguish the sergeants from new recruits. Perhaps there are complicated emotions behind it.

## Lieutenant's Insignia

An insignia to identify officers. The Fatui possess a colossal army, so there must be something extraordinary about the ones who achieved this rank within the group.

## Treasure Hoarder Insignia

A signet that proudly represents its owner's position as member of the Treasure Hoarders. The pursuit of treasure knows no bounds. That said... Is being a thief something to be proud of?

## Silver Raven Insignia

A raven insignia used by members of the Treasure Hoarders to identify each other. The Treasure Hoarders ask for no resume. Anyone who has an insatiable desire for treasure and is backed up by an equal amount of courage can become a worthy member.

## Golden Raven Insignia

A raven insignia that symbolizes the pride and the guiding principle of the Treasure Hoarders. Whether it's hidden amidst the vastness of the land or in the depths of the seas, as long as there are treasures to be hunted down, the spirit of Treasure Hoarders, who will stop at nothing to acquire them, will never die.

## Whopperflower Nectar

Nectar extracted from the stamen of a Whopperflower that contains trace amounts of elemental energy.
The taste of the nectar has a hint of Sweet Flower in it.

## Shimmering Nectar

Nectar that is full of pure elemental energy.
Scholars generally concur that Whopperflowers are advanced life forms among the elemental plants, but there has yet to be a satisfactory explanation regarding their predatory habits.

## Energy Nectar

A thick and sticky honey that is full of energy.
The Whopperflower hunts by tricking its prey, a process it uses to possibly evolve into a more powerful and pure form.

## Fragile Bone Shard

A bone shard once carried by a Geovishap.
Although they are quite fragile, they seem to still harbor some indescribable power.

## Sturdy Bone Shard

A fragment of an unknown creature's bones that appear to be prized by Geovishaps for some reason.
The fragment appears to be quite aged. Despite being dragon-like beasts with no spoken language, they still seem to have some sort of special affection for these bone shards.

## Fossilized Bone Shard

A fossilized bone fragment sometimes found after defeating Geovishaps.
Geovishaps all dream of growing into great dragons one day. They see these fossils as dragon bones and greatly cherish them, perhaps because they too hope to attain the dragons' longevity and power.

## Old Handguard

A battle-worn handguard that was once mounted on an Inazuman blade.
For those adept in the art of the sword, the tsuba is a defense from the edge of an opponent's blade. For beginners, it is a defense made for their own right hand, to protect it from itself.

## Kageuchi Handguard

A handguard mounded upon a sword of some distinction.
Inazuma has a long tradition of sword-making. When making swords, smiths will often make several different weapons at once, before choosing from among them the "shinuchi," or the best weapon, while the others are known as "kageuchi."

## Famed Handguard

An intricately-made handguard that was mounted upon a famed weapon.
Some believe that swords have souls and lives of their own, and thus deserve their own names. Those who love their blades will be acknowledged by them in turn. But those who see their swords as friends or even lovers should be warned that this relationship is built on death and bloodshed. The passions of those who dance with their blade amid crimson showers must surely be cooled someday by fickle steel.

## Chaos Gear

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin machine.
This is the energy source of that biomimetic mechanism.

## Chaos Axis

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin machine.
Even the great techniques and unknown power of this device must come to nothing should the machine that contained them ever fail to maintain structural integrity.

## Chaos Oculus

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin machine.
The "Ruin" part of the name comes from the areas where they are most active. However, Ruin machines actually have little in common with the detritus in which they are often found.
In the ancient past, these ruins were once part of a civilization mighty enough to almost touch the dome of the firmament, while "ruin" still waits in the deep places of the earth, awaiting the order to arise and tread all kingdoms underfoot.

## Dismal Prism

This was once a prism that could polarize light, but has grown dull through the passing of years.

## Crystal Prism

A prism that can bend light.
Illusory images can be made using such prisms, giving such devices — in a manner of speaking — the power to sway human hearts.

## Polarizing Prism

A prism that can bend light.
In the darkness, these prisms can spread thin light into a wider area. Perhaps this is due to this quirk that these prisms can grant a measure of peace to those whose hearts are oft shrouded in darkness.

## Spectral Husk

An energy core that allows the Specters to float. It contains a small amount of elemental energy.
Most of the rest has already dispersed.

## Spectral Heart

An energy core that allows the Specters to float.
These elemental life-forms have strange behavioral patterns and will periodically surge in number before disappearing.

## Spectral Nucleus

A complete energy core that can sometimes be found after defeating Specters.
There is a debate among those who just have to divide the world into winners and losers: what floats better — a Specter or an Anemo Slime?

## Concealed Claw

Residual body tissue left behind by one of the Riftwolves.
By ordinary logic, these objects, so alien to this world, should not have remained behind after these abnormal creatures were excised from the land.

## Concealed Unguis

Body tissue left behind by one of the Riftwolves.
Though they are quite wondrous indeed, these hunting hounds of "Alfisol" are nothing of note before Durin of "Humus."

## Concealed Talon

A sharp nail left behind by one of the Riftwolves.
All the marvels in the world must pale before "Cretaceus," the greatest work of them all.

## Fungal Spores

A small amount of glittering spore powder left behind by Floating Fungi. Seems that a sneeze is all it takes for this powder to vanish without a trace.

## Luminescent Pollen

A small parcel of luminescent Fungal Spore powder, a common medical ingredient in the land of rainforests. Merchants usually sell them in paper packets.

## Crystalline Cyst Dust

A huge lump of spore powder collected from a structurally complete spore cyst. Put it in an appropriate environment, and the area might be filled with a thriving aggregation of Floating Fungi later...

## Inactivated Fungal Nucleus

Body tissue left behind by a Fungus that has been exposed to intense elemental stimulation.
Its soothing texture makes it shockingly good for stress relief. However, frequent usage can also easily lead to the Fungi multiplying, and thus the material is not suitable for any commercial use.

## Dormant Fungal Nucleus

Body tissue left behind by a Fungus that has been exposed to intense elemental stimulation.
There was once a protracted debate among Amurta researchers on whether the Fungi should be categorized as plants or animals. In the end, they reached an agreement and closed the case for good — the Fungi shall be its own category, neither plant nor animal.

## Robust Fungal Nucleus

Body tissue left behind by a Fungus that has been exposed to intense elemental stimulation.
It is generally believed that the Fungi evolved into more mobile forms to better disperse their spores.
A poet once depicted a shared dream of the Fungi in which their spores covered every inch of the mountains and oceans. The world had never been more tranquil. Then the Fungi turned into fish, birds, beasts, men, and gods, relying on rainfall, land, and their own kind who had returned to the earth.

## Faded Red Satin

A piece of red satin used to cover the eyes. The fabric is slightly torn.
Many Eremites tend to cover their eyes with textiles, but the original intention of this practice has long been lost to the sands of time.

## Trimmed Red Silk

A piece of red silk trimmed with simple decorations.
A seasoned warrior can detect weaknesses from their foe's eyes and thus take advantage. The Eremites have long since lost a master to serve, and now they have no one to trust but themselves. Word has it that they are more than convinced that all things betray, even their own eyes.

## Rich Red Brocade

A piece of red brocade woven with golden thread.
Those born in the gilded desert under the sun occasionally sing a song, of which the meaning has been forgotten. They would praise the scorching sun that illuminates the earth as equally as ever and bewail the afterglow at the end of the dusk. Some unfamiliar words recur at the end of the song, which are said to be the names of ancient gods. Legend has it that when the King of the Desert was still alive, his people chose to cover their eyes as they dared not look upon him, whose brilliance was beyond that of the sun.

## Chaos Storage

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin Drake.
Ruin Drakes can absorb Elemental Energy from the outside and store it in this component inside their "neck."

## Chaos Module

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin Drake.
The dragons were once the most primitive and ancient bodily form of the supreme elements until they were defeated, conquered, or assimilated.

## Chaos Bolt

Comes from a now-inactive ancient Ruin Drake.
Among the lost ancient kingdoms, there was a group of people who were obsessed with the idea of mimesis. Be it the Hypostases' pure ordered elements or the ancient primitive power of the dragons, these people believed that they might all be replicated and modified to the point where they had surpassed their natural counterparts.
By this means, a superior and unsullied bodily form could replace the continuously decaying and shattering order.

## Damaged Prism

A damaged component obtained from defeating a Primal Construct.
These uniquely-shaped machines are the eternal sentinels of the desert ruins, and they possess the power to pierce the mountains and reshape rocks. The same principles that power many mysterious devices above and beneath the earth also power these machines.

## Turbid Prism

An old component obtained from defeating a Primal Construct.
It is said that these machines are different from those ruin machines that come from deep within the desert, for they were not made as heralds of destruction or conquest.

## Radiant Prism

An exquisite component obtained from defeating a Primal Construct.
The lord of the barren desert once had a dream, and once made a great many promises.
The legends of the desert say that these machines were originally vehicles for these unknown promises, which now live on only within their mechanical memory banks.

## Desiccated Shell

The ruined shell of a Consecrated Beast.
A tangible effigy to the grand calamity that devoured the lands of yore, usually only discovered in places few dare tread.

## Sturdy Shell

The sturdy shell of a Consecrated Beast.
The remains of a ruinous beast that once gnawed at the flesh of great, fallen beings. Even should the beasts sup a sliver of power from the gods of yesteryear, they too will greet the same end as said gods.

## Marked Shell

The marked shell of a Consecrated Beast inscribed with ancient script.
On the pallid contours of the shell, the regrets of a time long past have been inlaid. One day, the bones of the beast will scatter like dust in the wind, and then, finally, may the exalted deceased greet their final rest...

## A Flower Yet to Bloom

A wild flower that a Hilichurl Rogue treasured. It was plucked before it could bloom.
The hilichurl takes nothing with it in its sojourn across the wilderness save this flower.

## Treasured Flower

A wild flower that a Hilichurl Rogue treasured, bereft of any special qualities.
Flowers can be used as gifts or offerings to express one's feelings in many cultures.

## Wanderer's Blooming Flower

A blooming wild flower that a Hilichurl Rogue treasured, bereft of any special qualities.
The eternal outlander asks not for reward, but only to see their deeds come to fruition...

## Transoceanic Pearl

A small crystal obtained from a defeated Fontemer Aberrant.
Fontemer Aberrants arise from Fontaine's sea. They are believed to be a unique life form born from the mysterious energy in the water.

## Transoceanic Chunk

A crystal obtained from a defeated Fontemer Aberrant.
It gives off a somewhat mysterious energy.
Although many legends speak of great life forms residing in remote seas beyond human reach, ordinary oceans can hardly compare to the vibrant seas of Fontaine.

## Xenochromatic Crystal

A large crystal obtained from a defeated Fontemer Aberrant.
It contains a mysterious energy.
All rivers and seas originate in Fontaine, but the water loses all its unique properties once it flows outside Fontaine's borders.

## Meshing Gear

Clockwork meka's gear.
It is a crucial part of the meka's transmission structure. The whole system will malfunction if this gear is absent.

## Mechanical Spur Gear

Clockwork meka gear.
Although many breakthroughs have been made in the kinematics of clockwork meka, its dynamics research has not seen any major advancements beyond the framework laid down by Alain Guillotin four hundred years ago.

## Artificed Dynamic Gear

Clockwork meka gear.
Precision processing and advancement of material science are the keys to clockwork meka development in Fontaine. With the help of advanced equipment, any engineer is capable of making a meka that outshines "Lord-Artificer" Alain Guillotin's creation.

## Drop of Tainted Water

A small drop of water obtained from a defeated Tainted Hydro Phantasm.
The life force in it has yet to ebb away.

## Scoop of Tainted Water

Water obtained from a defeated Tainted Hydro Phantasm.
The life force in it has yet to ebb away.
Today, with the Oceanids extirpated from Fontaine, strange elemental life forms that are far from elegant have appeared in the waters.

## Newborn Tainted Hydro Phantasm

A new life form that arose from the dispersed Tainted Hydro Phantasm. It is trapped inside a bottle.
The life contained within the waters is formless, and formless life is born of water and gains water's shape.

## Rift Core

A shard left by Breacher Primus.
It bears no resemblance to any other known form of life in the world.

## Foreign Synapse

A shard left by Breacher Primus.
This strange life form originates in Elynas and inhabits the area.

## Alien Life Core

Breacher Primus's core.
There is no way to exterminate this life form. One reduced to nothing but its core will resurrect the next day or in decades. Luckily, it is neither aggressive nor intelligent, so Fontainians can just keep their distance.

## Old Operative's Pocket Watch

A standard-issue pocket watch given to Fatui Operatives.
The erosion and oxidation on the casing serve as a loyal record of its owners' days spent as an instrument, enforcing the Fatui's will.

## Operative's Standard Pocket Watch

A standard-issue pocket watch given to Fatui Operatives.
The head of the watch is not well-designed, as the outer casing has way too many sharp angles, which can cause excessive wear and tear on clothes. As such, there will always be those who will stuff this watch into a more practical, less distinctive casing for use.

## Operative's Constancy

An accessory with a Delusion mounted on it. This is source of the Fatui Operative's power.
That said, taking it off would not detract from the fact that said Operative has physical abilities far beyond that of ordinary humans, forged through long years of training and combat experience. As for them, they are well-aware that they have sacrificed their past, present, and future upon the altar of the Fatui's ideal paradise, such that the damage they cause themselves on account of using a Delusion's power matters not at all.

## Feathery Fin

A fin fragment taken from a defeated Xuanwen Beast's back.
Even though Xuanwen Beasts can't fly over long distances, these feather-like fins enable them to swiftly pursue their prey.

## Lunar Fin

A fin taken from a defeated Xuanwen Beast's back.
The soft, moonlight-esque glow on the fin gives off a sense of serenity.

## Chasmlight Fin

An elegant fin taken from a defeated Xuanwen Beast's back.
The faint light it reflects contains traces of adeptal energy. In the still of the night, even the most violent beasts briefly sink into a peaceful slumber, reminiscing on times when dreams belonged not only to humans.

## Ruined Hilt

A stone hilt obtained from an ancient statue.
Its luster has long been lost to the depredations of seawater.

## Splintered Hilt

A stone hilt obtained from an ancient statue.
The chips and grooves speak to the brutal battles its owner once weathered.

## Still-Smoldering Hilt

A stone hilt obtained from an ancient statue.
Only the recentness of its separation from its owner may explain the as-yet unextinguished flame within.

## Juvenile Fang

A tooth that fell from a Natlan Saurian.
It looks like it belonged to a juvenile creature. If there was a way to determine the age of its previous owner, perhaps it would show that they had not yet roamed the world for long.

## Seasoned Fang

A sturdy tooth that fell from a Natlan Saurian.
Wear and tear bear witness to the experiences and battles of its previous owner. Among the many Saurians of Natlan, one with such a tooth must have been considered a formidable warrior indeed.

## Tyrant's Fang

A sharp tooth that fell from a mighty Natlan Saurian.
Its serrated edge and fearsome shape attest to the ferocity of its owner in battle. Among the many Saurians of Natlan, one with such a tooth must have been a ruthless tyrant indeed.

## Sentry's Wooden Whistle

The symbol of a Natlan tribal sentry.
Warriors are not born as warriors. They must first acquire the skills of combat by learning under the tutelage of those who have already done so. This is the origin of the trainee position of sentry.

## Warrior's Metal Whistle

The symbol of a Natlan tribal warrior.
A metal whistle that is given to individuals who have been officially recognized as tribal warriors. It is used to communicate and alert others to danger by those that patrol the tribe's vicinity. This is a duty that falls upon the warriors of the tribe.

## Saurian-Crowned Warrior's Golden Whistle

Among Natlan's tribes, this is the symbol of a mighty, Saurian-Crowned warrior.
A golden whistle that is bestowed only upon those who have won great honor for the tribe and shown valor of the highest order. Its symbolic significance now outweighs its practical use, for a Saurian-Crowned warrior is able to handle most crises alone.

## Shard of a Shattered Will

A fragment that houses a Wayob Manifestation.
It is a broken shard of a shattered stone idol. Its capacity for channeling the Wayob's will and power is also extremely limited.

## Locus of a Clear Will

A jade idol that houses a Wayob Manifestation.
You can roughly make out the form of an idol figurine. It has a greater capacity for channeling the Wayob's will and power.

## Sigil of a Striding Will

An obsidian talisman that houses a Wayob Manifestation.
It consists of a jade idol figurine encased in obsidian. They say that in the past, people often used such figurines to attempt to communicate directly with the Wayob of the Night Kingdom. Perhaps this also explains why the Wayob can dwell within it and manifest itself in physical form.

## Ignited Stone

A shard obtained from the body of a defeated Avatar of Lava.
Though it has been shattered to a great extent, on the inside, it still continues to burn. Perhaps this is a testament to the extraordinary vitality of phlogiston.

## Ignited Seed of Life

A condensed pile of burning matter obtained from the body of a defeated Avatar of Lava.
It emits a slight heat.
Attempting to stop a stone pile of this size from incessantly burning away would be a hard task indeed. It is said that this is some primordial form of life.

## Ignited Seeing Eye

A core retrieved from within the body of a defeated Avatar of Lava.
It emits a considerable heat.
It is said that once such a core has formed, left to itself, it will develop into a new Avatar of Lava. In ancient times, it was once believed that all forms of life could be traced back to conflagration, and that in the spark of burning matter lay the origins of the soul and sentient wisdom. Perhaps the very existence of Avatars of Lava would bear out such a belief — or perhaps it was the emergence of this theory itself that explains how they came to inhabit the land of Natlan...

## Axis of the Secret Source

Comes from a now-defunct Secret Source Automaton.
It appears to be just a component that was used to connect two mechanisms.

## Sheath of the Secret Source

Comes from a now-defunct Secret Source Automaton.
It appears to be the mechanism by which the Secret Source Automaton was powered, but its core is now empty.

## Heart of the Secret Source

Comes from a now-defunct Secret Source Automaton.
It appears to be an intact core by which the Secret Source Automaton was powered, a strange device that seems to have been produced as a universal component. According to legend, the ingenious thinkers of antiquity drew upon the same wisdom used in the creation of golden patterns to design the blueprints by which these extraordinary machines functioned. Perhaps this core was one of them.

## Refractive Bud

A leaf bud dropped by the monster known as the Tenebrous Mimiflora after being vanquished.
It is said that when this creature emerged from the Black Tide, the first things it grew were these tender buds capable of deflecting elemental power.

## Bewildering Broadleaf

An arrow-shaped leaf dropped by the monster known as the Tenebrous Mimiflora after being vanquished.
After corroding the Ley Lines and extracting the memories within, the creature grows these leaves as a means of storing the information it has deciphered. There may be a close link between these intricately patterned leaves and the forms that their host can mimic.

## Illusory Leafcoil

A core formed from tightly coiled leaves, the remnant of the monster known as the Tenebrous Mimiflora after being vanquished.
It may appear lifeless and dull on the surface, yet a faint, ominous power can still be sensed pulsing within.
People often wonder where the memories that such creatures drew from the earth go when they are slain. Perhaps the answer lies within this core...

## Cold-Cracked Shellshard

A chunk of shell carved from a Furnace Shell Mountain Weasel's back after its defeat.
Where it once blazed brightly, this piece has long since gone cold. The fire-like luster it once held is no more.

## Warm Back-Shell

A portion of shell removed from a Furnace Shell Mountain Weasel's back after its defeat.
Furnace Shell Mountain Weasels accumulate Phlogiston in their shells from feeding to be used in emergencies. The sight of them blazing fiery trails over the Sacred Mountain has not been seen since ancient times.

## Blazing Prismshell

A whole piece of radiant shell liberated from a Furnace Shell Mountain Weasel's back after its defeat.
It is said that the more Phlogiston a Furnace Shell Mountain Weasel has stored in its back, the higher its status in the pack. The reasoning for this phenomenon may be quite simple: More dominant Furnace Shell Mountain Weasels likely have less need to call on their Phlogiston reserves than their less prominent peers.

## Hurricane Seed

The imploded form of an Anemo Hypostasis upon its defeat.
Contains the essence of Anemo energy.
It is said that the power to create hurricanes resides within its seemingly fragile body. This butterfly of pure Anemo energy must surely be waiting for the day when it can conjure up storms once again.

## Lightning Prism

An Electro Hypostasis channels nearby elemental energy to repair damaged elemental entities. Contains the essence of Electro energy.
An ordinary prism separates white light into its component colors; a Lightning Prism, however, channels flowing energies and weaves them into lightning. It will continue to do so even after the Electro Hypostasis has been defeated.

## Dvalin's Plume

A feather from the tail of the Dragon of the East.
As a dragon's feather it has experienced more than a thousand years' worth of winds. One senses within it a yearning for freedom so strong that it could whip up a light breeze to rescue it from its current confines. Its former owner's recognition of you is what makes it content to stay in your hands.

## Dvalin's Claw

A claw from the Dragon of the East.
It once contained the shadow dragon Durin's vile poison, having torn through the latter's flesh in battle. Thanks to your purification and healing, it is no longer toxic.

## Dvalin's Sigh

A bit of power taken from the whirlwinds evoked by the Dragon of the East.
Beautiful and transparent, both trade winds and tornadoes will work in his name. The winds move as his companion, his voice, and his freedom.
His enemies are the thousands who stand against the wind.

## Tail of Boreas

A handful of tail scales from the Great Wolf King of the North.
Even without his physical body and beyond death, Boreas still possesses extraordinary powers. He took a form comprised of ice and wind to embrace a new challenge, but even such a form could not house all of his power. The ice scales that fell during the battle still retain some of their spiritual energy.

## Ring of Boreas

A bit of crystallized ice from the Great Wolf King of the North.
This land was once a realm of freezing-cold blizzards and ice storms filled with razor-sharp ice shards, all at the command of Boreas. Though his power may have diminished, he could still freeze the land in an instant.

## Spirit Locket of Boreas

A bit of the Great Wolf King of the North's power drawn from its soul.
This land was once a realm of freezing-cold blizzards and ice storms filled with razor-sharp ice shards, all at the command of Boreas. In his final moments, he finally realized the chilling north wind could only extinguish life, not nurture it. Therefore, Boreas let his powers freely flow into the land to protect it and its inhabitants.

## Basalt Pillar

A pillar formed by the shell of a Geo Hypostasis, composed of high-density Geo energy.
It is a testament to Geo's status as the heaviest of the elements. Maybe the reason a Geo Hypostasis creates this pillar out of its shell and raises itself is just to get closer to the sky, not to combat enemies.

## Hoarfrost Core

The exposed core of a defeated Cryo Regisvine. Pure Cryo energy is contained within it.
Energy and thoughts that swell deep within the earth will eventually erupt on the surface. Even the deathly silent frost will attach to living things on the ground, turning even ordinary vegetation like vines into huge, vicious predators.

## Everflame Seed

A seed that fuels the unending flames of the Pyro Regisvine. It emits Pyro energy as if it will burn all that has ever sprouted from the ground.
Endless desires flow among turbulent energy deep within the earth. What desire could steadily hold such fire to the plants and long so eagerly to bathe everything in unquenchable flames?

## Cleansing Heart

A palmful of eternal water left by an oceanid.
Though it has already diffused among the depths of the lake, its purity remains all the same. But why would a creature so pure and clean as an oceanid covet the appearance of a being that roams the land, and assume such a form with pure water? They need not breathe nor do they require sustenance...

## Tusk of Monoceros Caeli

The horn of a whale that you obtained from defeating Childe, who had unleashed the might of his Delusion.
It is said that the shape of one's constellation determines one's character. The image of a whale cruising across the celestial heights represents a solipsism that seeks to crush and devour all in its path.
Embracing this aspect of himself, Childe gleefully summoned one such beast before throwing himself into battle against you.

## Shard of a Foul Legacy

The shard of a weapon that you obtained from defeating Childe, who had unleashed the might of his Delusion.
It is stained with a profound color that is not of this world, no doubt due to the land of endless darkness that the young boy saw with his own two eyes.
Perhaps it has nothing to do with the power of a Delusion, but as they say, the weapon reflects its user...

## Shadow of the Warrior

A fragment of power that you obtained from defeating Childe, who had unleashed the might of his Delusion.
It is the product of a will to fight that has been honed over countless slaughters.
If humans do indeed have destinies, then his must surely have been twisted by such deeds. Why else, then, would he always be at the heart of every conflict?

## Juvenile Jade

A crystalline substance taken from a Primo Geovishap. Within it is contained the potential to become a dragon.
These dull crystals are precipitated within the bodies of vishaps sleeping in the mountains. Liyue folklore holds that they will gather power over many years, after which this crystal will, at last, replace their original heart, and the vishap will become a true dragon — one that can shake the mountains and split the earth.

## Dragon Lord's Crown

Horns created from hardened jade crystallized over a thousand years are the natural crown of the dragon king.
Infused with spirit and carved from bedrock, it was born from the mountain's heart to show the strength of the earth to the land amidst monoliths, and its long golden horns are the mark of its ancient strife with an ancient lord.
For a time, this horn was shattered and lost its luster, but now it gleams cold and gold as it sits in your palm.

## Bloodjade Branch

Nurtured by the might of the dragon king, these bone branches glitter with strange, unique colors.
Hatred coursed through the natural streams and kissed the cold moonlight, and from them were these crystalline branches born and grown...
Even though they were severed in battle, these branches steeped in dragon blood rustle as if eternally ill-at-ease.

## Gilded Scale

Scaled armor that grows naturally over mystical stone, tough and silent, and filled with the strength of the dragon king.
Across the years as countless generations returned to the mulch of the earth, gold and obsidian embedded themselves into flesh and blood forged from bedrock before spreading and turning into scales.
Searing agony, wordless cries... perhaps they will all vanish when the grudges that spawned them, too, finally come to an end.

## Crystalline Bloom

An ice crystal of exceeding purity that is created in the frigid blooming of a Cryo Hypostasis.
These frosty crystals will continue to grow according to their own cold, rigid laws, till one day a flower of winter shall bloom and freeze everything. Perhaps it is stagnant time, that never-thawing bosom, that is the essence of this undying flower.

## Marionette Core

This core can power the inorganic Maguu Kenki and cause it to wield a blade like a living being.
Flesh decays, and with it decay all martial arts mastery and all poignant memories.
Perhaps only by converting one's four limbs and body into sturdy mechanical parts, and by at last sacrificing one's very own heart for a sophisticated mechanical one, can one transcend the impermanence of the fleshly form...

## Perpetual Heart

The core that powers the autonomous movements of the Perpetual Mechanical Array.
Some theorize that the symbols on these cores have knowledge and logic inscribed upon them in a language that eyes cannot perceive. Some go a step further and believe that these unique Ruin machines autonomously decided to forsake a biomimetic form to pursue strength of function on account of their especially large cores and complex inscriptions.

## Smoldering Pearl

A crystallization of a Pyro Hypostasis that constantly emits heat.
Even the burning flames shall one day grow cold, and even the ashen firewood can will itself back into a raging blaze. It must then be the will of the world that Pyro Hypostases should constantly cool down and heat up, much like the universe teems with endless life... until the fated darkness shall one day descend and bring it all to naught.

## Molten Moment

A certain deformed fragment containing great might. You obtained this from defeating La Signora, who unleashed her original power.
"I had a long, long dream."
"I dreamed that you and I met again in the pure white world that we created."
"But I woke up at last, having long been consumed by the raging flames, while you had long returned to the earth along with that poisoned blood."
"But none of it matters anymore. I must continue forging ahead. I must incinerate everything behind me. I must believe in that pure, spotless, everlasting realm that he spoke of — that I saw in the 'delusion' he let me see, at the end of the horizon of Her Majesty's dreams."

## Hellfire Butterfly

A warped shard that houses great might. You obtained this from defeating Signora, who unleashed her original power.
The seal of ice was broken under duress, and as her former will surged forth from its pale white prison and she remembered her old name once more, the undying butterfly danced amidst burning flesh and blood. And she remembered her past, wandering the land, spreading the flame, burning away all evil — and she recalled the face of the person she could never meet again.

## Ashen Heart

A deformed fragment that contains powerful emotions. You obtained this from defeating Signora, who unleashed her original power.
Even tears cannot extinguish the flames. Molten-hot agony and rage rush through her veins, oozing from her tear ducts.
The First Fatuus found her just before her heart could be destroyed by the eternal blaze. He understood that only deeper hate and obsession could quench the fire that devoured her and make her his ally...

## Dew of Repudiation

A strange water droplet left behind by the collapse of the Hydro Hypostasis.
It has strong rejection properties, and this forms the basis of one of the Hydro Hypostasis' attack patterns as well. They say that water contains memories and willpower, and that these things can grow when bodies of water meld together. However, the waves conjured by the Hydro Hypostasis are incompatible with the currents that flow above and below ground. Even if it were to flow into the surpassingly pure waters of Petrichor, this drop of water will likely resist assimilation as strongly as mercury.

## Storm Beads

Crackling Electro pearls left behind by the Thunder Manifestation.
It is said that Thunder Manifestations will only descend upon lands where powerful hatred dwells. The singers say that it is the unbearable disappointments and sufferings of life that drive them to forever wander the broken earth, unleashing sky-searing lightning as they go.

## Riftborn Regalia

A broken horn that you obtained from defeating the Wolflord. That said, it should not have left anything behind after your hunt.
Even a lord among the Riftwolves is nothing before monsters of a higher pedigree.
"Gold" mass-produced these malformed wolf packs almost as if by accident, like shrunken drawings on discarded sheets of paper, and the horns on this one represent its authority to command its dark brood to dissolve space itself.

## Dragonheir's False Fin

A piece of biological tissue that you found after defeating the Bathysmal Vishaps.
Although it looks like a fin of some kind, it does not actually have any function at all.
The people of Byakuyakoku once investigated the Bathysmal Vishaps quite deeply. Their most distinctive feature was the ability to choose what traits it wished to pass on to its offspring. Because of their great hatred for man-made light sources, these vishaps will lose any visual acuity by the time they reach maturity. At the same time, they have also evolved a certain degree of elemental polymorphism for combat purposes.

## Mudra of the Malefic General

A puppet joint obtained from the Plane of Euthymia. The gesture here symbolizes the concept that "one sees and one does."
Even now that "she" has become a calamitous deity, she can still utilize such transcendent gestures, her sword flashing forth as swiftly as her eyes may see.
And yet, as the countless disasters ground on for far too long, the baleful general's shell had to embrace a new spring.

## Tears of the Calamitous God

A puppet joint obtained from the Plane of Euthymia. The gesture here is in the shape of the baleful Eye of Stormy Judgment.
Since they are able to bring down curse and catastrophe alike with a mere gaze, it might seem natural to blame life's misfortunes on calamitous deities. However, if you think about it a little harder, if your will is strong enough, and if your convictions are firm enough...
The catastrophes go on for too long. Even a baleful gaze must wash itself with tears.

## The Meaning of Aeons

A small piece of headgear obtained once the dust settled in the Plane of Euthymia.
One thought may end all calamity, and there will always be thoughts that may transcend time.
Amid all this, one wonders if Makoto's true meaning was successfully communicated or not.

## Runic Fang

A "fang" with which the mysterious, snakelike machine of old dug into mountains' depths. There are many ominous runes carved on it.
It is said that giant serpents lurk in the dark fissures deep beneath the ground. Burning with eternal resentment and malice toward the world above, they throw themselves into digging great tunnels, yet none know what their malicious purposes are...

## Majestic Hooked Beak

An elongated bill that you found after defeating the Jadeplume Terrorshroom.
Researchers still consider it a miracle even now that some soft Fungi have evolved these rock-hard hooked beaks. This magnificent king amongst Fungi has been leisurely pacing on the finish line of evolution. Now and then, it emits a long call to all the living beings in the rainforest: Even the most helpless and timid creature may one day become the monarch of the woods.

## Thunderclap Fruitcore

The core of an Electro Regisvine, wrapped in razor-sharp leaves, wantonly emits Electro energy.
The roaring energy rampaging deep within the earth is eager to pour out its rage, thus even tainting these unfortunate vines with its mania, causing them to wail and flail their branches frantically. One can hardly tell whether it longs for others to taste the pain of being continuously electrocuted and charred or if it is struggling, looking forward to its inevitable doom.

## Perpetual Caliber

A motive device obtained from a mysterious ruin machine.
The machine it once powered may have been destroyed, but it continues to rotate all the same.
There should be no such thing as an energy source that can sustain itself forever in this world, and most research results obtained in the field of "perpetual motion" have been eventually proved false. Yet, this device is proof that a now-destroyed civilization once reached heights that present-day nations could not hope to match...

## Light Guiding Tetrahedron

A core component obtained via defeating a mysterious ruin machine.
To this day, these ancient devices have not forgotten the dreams of their masters or their own duties: to build a thousand palaces, to administrate three thousand machines, to sow ten thousand flowers that shall never bloom again, and to recreate a paradise now buried beneath the desert sands for the sake of all who live in this world.
Though the lord of the desert no longer lives, and those dreams have long been corrupted by sinful whispers, and though all the magical pillars have been broken and have collapsed, the great beast once favored by the king hides still within the great searing storm.

## Quelled Creeper

The final coalesced form of the Dendro Hypostasis. The tough vines protect a pure cubic elemental crystal.
Dendro defies any common logic yet exists in perfect harmony with life. Elemental Hypostases, on the contrary, are most distant in appearance to all living beings. The combination of these two should probably never have appeared in this world. It is said that such elemental hypostases have the intelligence to "learn" and have thus understood the colors and dreams of the forest, a process that has transformed them into this shape over thousands of years.

## Puppet Strings

Tubes that were inserted into the mechanical puppet's back. The colors that flow within them are sometimes dull, and at others, vibrant. The contrast is so great as to be fearful.
They provided power to the mechanical puppet, and at the same time served as its strings, controlling it and binding it.
Once the support of these tubes is lost, the puppet becomes as weak as a newborn infant, barely able to even move.

## Mirror of Mushin

The mirror that was set in Shouki no Kami's chest to separate him from the outside world. The mitsudomoe symbol is emblazoned on it as a deliberate show of status and might.
This symbol, however, is no show of obeisance to the master of lightning, but is instead a blade pointed at the existing powers that be in this world. Nor is the mirror a means to shut out the looks of judgment from onlooking people, but is rather a bulwark against this base and sullied world. Within this great temple shall punishment be meted out and ignorance be cleansed.
Dreams shall be overturned, desires shall be cut away, and karma shall be reset.

## Daka's Bell

This ball joint, used to connect mechanical limbs together, is shaped almost like a bell. Though it may seem dainty, it can be used to carry an unimaginably large amount of energy.
If connected to one's arms, then one will lose all feeling in them.
And all strength in one's legs will dissipate if such joints are connected to them.
Connect this joint to one's skull...
Ah, hatred, pain, madness, pride — none of these will be washed away.
Most fortunate.

## Pseudo-Stamens

The pale wing-sheathes hiding in a Wenut's tail are as thin as the blooming stamens of a flower.
It is said that in the past, even before the beginning of time, they used to travel through the moist land under meadows and forests, similar to birds flying across the sky and fish swimming in the water. It is generally believed that their mimicry of flowers is to lure lost prey caught by sandstorms. There is also a theory, however, that their imitation of a blooming flower was inspired by the splendid blossoms countless epochs ago, which have long gone the way of the desert winds.

## Evergloom Ring

A mystical weapon obtained after defeating the Four-Armed Envoy of dark tidings.
Rings are shaped like passageways, which is why arcane formations that are meant to produce some mystical effect are often ring-shaped. Such rings are perhaps gateways intended to guide the universe itself.

## Worldspan Fern

A fern taken from the oasis within Apep's body.
At the dawn of time, the world belonged to the dragons. There, the ferns were the first to sprout in the lush verdant world of Apep's court.
In the ages after, these ferns would become trees, vines, roots, and leaves, blanketing the world with their touch. But Apep still remembers the first frond as it stretched freely toward the sky, making a sound so delicate as to go unheard.

## Primordial Greenbloom

A primordial flower procured from the oasis within Apep.
With the passing of eons, flowers grew in fragrance and volume, and they gained a collection of titles as numerous as the stars in the night sky.
However, this first flower to bloom never bore any name. For the dragons of old, even if a rose lost its name, it would not lose its scent. Naming things is but how lesser, ephemeral beings understand the world. Life is not constrained by words, and will always grow and evolve.

## Everamber

A piece of amber taken from the oasis within Apep. Inside the amber, a small, long-extinct insect remains frozen in time.
To the tree, it was circumstance that led this little life to be wreathed within its amber. But for said life, this was fate.
Following the heaven-sent disaster, wood, vines, roots, and all manner of flora withered and turned to dust. A great many life forms disappeared.
But in the stillness of amber, a nameless insect endures in this otherworldly oasis, reaching a future that no others of its kind could.

## Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelia

An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelia. It powers this artificed dancer.
According to its creator's design, the story of the artificed dancer with delicate joints ends at a merry moment. Coppelia will send whoever attempts to disturb that moment to a chapter of misfortune with her superb combat skills.

## Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelius

An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelius. It powers this artificed dancer.
The artificed dancer whirls to a platinum tune, performing an unending waltz of icewind. Coppelius's dance will not stop. He will continue whirling till the bell tolls.

## Emperor's Resolution

The war hammer of the Emperor of Fire and Iron.
The mighty crab has crushed countless foes with this giant claw. Be they clockwork meka, other Fontemer Aberrants, or hunters with ill-placed curiosity — all have yielded under its power.
Fontemer Aberrants are different from human beings in that the concepts of aristocracy or inheritance are entirely foreign to them. None of them are born superior. One that survives deadly predators and adversities can accumulate infinite power as it keeps hunting and feeding over centuries. Such a creature is often referred to as an overlord for the fear it inspires.

## "Tourbillon Device"

The core component of the Experimental Field Generator.
A precision-machined mechanical component that counteracts the effects of gravity via high-speed rotation. The revolution speed is so fast that it is almost impossible to capture with the naked eye.
Throughout its long history, the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering has always warred against a flood that once washed countless lives away, and may yet cover the earth and sky one day far in the future, searching for a means to survive.
Arkhium, with its immense energetic potential and power to shatter the shackles of the earth, was once considered the key to the gate of salvation.

## Fontemer Unihorn

The electricity-emitting section of the Millennial Pearl Seahorse, and its regalia, the symbol of its surpassing might — now snapped off amidst a clash against a mighty challenger.
As the greatest predator that can arise from seahorses, this being's evolutionary journey is not the same as that experienced by other Fontemer Aberrants. It did not start from a base form before growing larger and stronger, but instead grew limbs and a horn that have no place on an ordinary seahorse. Even its musculature and skeleton have changed. It really seems to resemble a fantastical beast from legends of yore more than its original shape. In the imaginations of poets and authors, even seahorses can frolick upon the earth.

## Lightless Silk String

A slender strand that somehow ended up entangled on your weapon while fighting the All-Devouring Narwhal.
In ancient Fontaine, some thought that Fortuna, which ruled the world, was woven from countless fibers, like the strings of a harp. Strings that resonate with the majestic music would bring happiness to all, while discord would destroy the fabric of the universe.

## Lightless Eye of the Maelstrom

A strange "substance" obtained from fighting against the All-Devouring Narwhal. Its actual weight far exceeds what would be expected given its size.
Everything gathers around heavy objects, just as gold attracts more than iron, or the ground more than in the breeze blowing above. Just as light cannot escape from the vortex of darkness, cause and effect is attached to fate, perhaps irreversibly so.

## Lightless Mass

A fragment produced from the intense battle against the All-Devouring Narwhal.
The universe is a dark and cold place.
But look carefully. Inside are always faint glimmers of light, like pearls gleaming from within the sand, splinters of diamond sprinkled over asphalt, lights lancing through the fog on a misty night, and sparks that ignite the brightest blazes.

## Water That Failed To Transcend

The only remnants of Hydro Tulpas after their parts are dispersed.
This substance is very similar to the crystals extracted from the bodies of Fontemer Aberrants, but they contain a lot of tiny impurities, like the bubbles in glass crafted by clumsy craftsmen.

## Cloudseam Scale

Cold and solid scales from a Solitary Suanni. They retain pure adeptal energy even after falling off and cannot be damaged by ordinary weapons.
Ordinary beasts can sometimes be affected by errant adeptal energy and become more powerful than usual. However, a suanni's adeptal energy originates from within themselves, which is why their leader is often regarded as equal to adepti.

## Fragment of a Golden Melody

A golden fragment that fell from the centaur golem's chest. Putting the tune inscribed upon the shattered rubble back together, it appears to be a small sliver of a grander musical movement.
People once believed that the song of eternal happiness and harmony would resound throughout the world till the end of all destinies. But harmonies can be changed. When the rebellious God King fell from his throne, the imperishable capital was reduced to refuse and rubble — for whom, then, shall the lyre in the hands of a legion-less commander play?

## Fading Candle

A candle that you picked up in the ruins after completing the duel against The Knave.
Legends passed down claim that when the candle's flame flickers in the hands of sinners, the light may become shadows, making footsteps faint and masking fatal intent.
You cannot tell what material this is made of, and it weeps no wax after burning, releasing only black ash that scatters into the wind, drifting towards the distant unknown.

## Silken Feather

A crystal that you picked up in the ruins after completing the duel against The Knave.
The already-cooled blood and fire still maintain the shape of a feather, that is framed with solidified sleek black threads.
Before their thoughts have matured, young children are reliant on the meticulous care of their parents, just as fledglings need the aegis of an adult wing.
It is to fulfill such wishes that "Father" wove dangerous spider-silk into a facsimile of feathers, that she might grant her family some warmth.

## Denial and Judgment

An earring that you picked up in the ruins after completing the duel against The Knave.
The red symbol upon it resembles the image in her eyes, a declaration and a rejection alike.
The orphaned live lives filled with suffering from childhood — this she sees and keeps in her heart.
As fate casts an examining eye on humanity, so too will humans cast judgment upon fate.

## The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames

"Heroes ignite the sacred flame, illuminating the world, yet eventually they shall rest, nestled among the stars."
"They left behind a stone, a weaving. With these as our foundation, we have erected an everlasting civilization."

## Mark of the Binding Blessing

A horn fragment obtained after defeating the Goldflame Qucusaur Tyrant.
A strange mark known as the "Flamelord's Blessing" extends out across its surface. Saurians that bear this mark are said to wield an ancient power of terrible potency. Yet given their slighter statures, this power is too great a burden for the Saurians of the present day to bear. As such, it has been the cause of much calamity, and many tragedies have stemmed from the uncontrollable power it has unleashed.

## Overripe Flamegranate

A strange Flamegranate obtained after defeating the Gluttonous Yumkasaur Mountain King.
Normally, Flamegranates that keep growing once they have already ripened simply fall into the mud and rot. But Flamegranates that have fallen from the Mountain King's mane, perhaps owing to the unique internal temperature conditions, exhibit a rarely-seen "Overripe" state. Flamegranates in this state are stable, phlogiston-packed, brightly colored, and possess a rich and highly distinctive flavor.

## Gold-Inscribed Secret Source Core

This is a core component that separated from the body of a Secret Source Automaton: Configuration Device that lost its ability to move after being defeated.
Some say that the cores that power all the Secret Source Automatons are the same type, and that they simply carry different information, as attested by the fact that the golden patterns on them are different. At first, the many commands were only added to the circuits to aid their smooth running, but it seems that all the superimposition and layering of orders onto one another has wound up creating a rudimentary artificial intelligence.

## Ensnaring Gaze

An object obtained after defeating the monster known as the Tenebrous Papilla. It may look like a piece of fruit, but it is not.
Formed from energy that has condensed in a single spot, its "eye" seems to gaze out from a distant, dark otherworld.

## Eroded Horn

The Lord of Eroded Primal Fire's blazing horn, cut off in the heat of battle.
Legend has it that the original primal flame was the birthplace of light and wisdom, and the horn of the Pyro Dragon shone like a pillar of fire, illuminating the savage, desolate world.
And though the base of the flaming horn has been corroded, the light that once illuminated the world remains without blemish.

## Eroded Sunfire

Though the battle with the Lord of Eroded Primal Fire has ended, this ring-shaped flame yet burns.
In the beginning, in the deepest, darkest of nights, the master of flame emulated the sun, thus supplanting the light of the starry skies.
Though the flame's glow has been halfway corroded, it still reflects the world of old in its glory.

## Eroded Scale-Feather

A pitch-black scale that fell to the ground after the battle against the Lord of Eroded Primal Fire.
The ancient dragons once used their fallen scales as a means to transmit secret messages and edicts.
This scale has been utterly corroded by the power of darkness, the light that was once engraved upon it wholly devoured, leaving naught but twisted, dark remnants.

## Talisman of the Enigmatic Land

A talisman that somehow appeared in your inventory after you passed the Wayward Hermetic Spiritspeaker's test.
In some records kept by the Masters of the Night-Wind, priests masterful in Spiritspeaking can use meditation to pass their consciousness through the light and shadow that reflects off obsidian, thus reaching the enigmatic underground realm that only the dead may enter. This deed is, however, perilous, and priests who perform it must often wear such talismans to guard their souls from being lost in that mysterious land. However, this talisman's symbolic value far outstrips its real effects. Perhaps the hermit-priest who grants this to a warrior who passes the test only does so as a simple blessing.

## Sparkless Statue Core

A core pulled from the blazing remains of the Lava Dragon Statue. 
It is said that the entity known as the Lava Dragon Statue is a special existence born from the limitless accumulation of Phlogiston. Originally, it was believed that pure energy would produce a being with human-like intelligence. However, this attempt ultimately failed. Unlike in ancient times, it seems that pure energy can no longer naturally give rise to complex, intelligent, and controllable organisms capable of growth.

## Ascended Sample: Knight

A rare sample resulting from the alchemical activation of a substance.
In the esoteric codices, the bronze knight knows not whether its mission is to conquer or to protect. Since its alchemical elevation, it has merely been seeking to discover its purpose. The age of bronze was an age of heroes.

## Ascended Sample: Rook

A rare sample resulting from the alchemical activation of a substance.
The name of this piece derives from the word for the "Chariot" in the ancient language of Sumeru. In divination, the Chariot card is depicted with two heavenly steeds — one black and one white — symbolizing the alchemical principle of balancing opposing properties.

## Ascended Sample: Queen

A rare sample resulting from the alchemical activation of a substance.
The "Queen" was once known as the "Minister," but as the rules of the game evolved, it grew to become the most powerful piece and a representation of the authority of the family behind the throne — a true symbol of gilded royalty.
Perhaps the promotion of an ordinary foot soldier shares some similarities with the transmutation of matter, yet even should they manage to turn to gold, the most a pawn might hope for is to be represented by an upturned rook.

## Secret Source Airflow Accumulator

A special structure removed from a dragon-headed Source Mechanism. It is no longer active.
It may once have been designed to allow all manner of objects to escape the bonds of celestial bodies before being trialed in the Source Mechanisms. If everything had gone smoothly, this technology might, in time, have been applied to more important areas...

## Tile of Decarabian's Tower

Weapon Ascension Material.
The place now known as Stormterror's Lair was once the capital city of Decarabian, the God of Storms. Since this dream of prosperity was created entirely by his divine might, the broken pieces left behind by the shattering of that dream still possess great power.

## Debris of Decarabian's City

Weapon Ascension Material.
Decarabian, the God of Storms, was content with the capital city he had raised, and accepted the worship of the people from atop his tower. But he knew not that the people did not bow to him out of respect or adoration.

## Fragment of Decarabian's Epic

Weapon Ascension Material.
Andrius once declared war upon Decarabian, but failed to even scratch the capital of the Lord of the Tower. If it were not for the song of freedom that shattered the city in an instant, Decarabian's dream would have gone on forever.

## Scattered Piece of Decarabian's Dream

Weapon Ascension Material.
The people did not bow to Decarabian out of respect or adoration, but because the harsh winds had laid them low. This was the shattered dream and ambition of the Anemo Archon before the rise of Barbatos.
He tried so hard to make his dream come true, and so the fragments of that dream are still mighty.

## Boreal Wolf's Milk Tooth

Weapon Ascension Material.
Andrius' wolf pack is its blessed honor guard, and even the milk teeth of a wolf cub possess great potential.
In the past, the gods had the responsibility to love all people. Andrius was therefore quite unusual in that he became leader of the wolves, while only welcoming abandoned babies and wanderers when it came to humans.

## Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth

Weapon Ascension Material.
The life of a wolf is not without violence; broken bones or cracked teeth are nothing special.
Andrius found humans to be a disappointment, but believed babies to be innocent. If both the wolf pack and the adopted children chose each other, then they become a Lupical, a fated family.

## Boreal Wolf's Broken Fang

Weapon Ascension Material.
The wolf pack also understands that humans are not solitary creatures. The honorary broken tooth is a parting gift said to bring protection and luck.
In the legends of a far-off world, a female wolf once adopted two great humans. Their home was known as the Cave of Wolves, or Lupercal - that word meaning the same thing as Lupical does in this world.

## Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia

Weapon Ascension Material.
The Wolf King, believing himself to despise humans, thought himself unable to envision a happy life for humanity, making him unworthy of becoming the Lord of the Winds of the world. Therefore, he chose to disappear. Yet, in truth, he gazes on the ones abandoned by the world ever so gently.

## Fetters of the Dandelion Gladiator

Weapon Ascension Material.
It's a human thing to exaggerate a hero's story, even to the point of elevating the fetters that once bound the hero to the level of an enemy of true freedom.
As a result, these fetters were granted extraordinary powers.

## Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator

Weapon Ascension Material.
The chains that once bound the great hero Vennessa. In truth, all gladiators would have worn chains in that era, and Vennessa was but one of many.

## Shackles of the Dandelion Gladiator

Weapon Ascension Material.
Vennessa was not truly bound by her chains. If she had so wished, no ordinary physical constraints forged in Mondstadt could have held her, for the land there yielded no ore of exceptional quality, nor did it possess the divine flame of her ancestral home.
She was only bound by her responsibility to take care of her tribespeople.

## Dream of the Dandelion Gladiator

Weapon Ascension Material.
Vennessa may have been freed from slavery, but she then found herself subject to many other, even greater forms of bondage. What began as a duty to her tribespeople extended to all of Mondstadt, then to the concept of freedom itself, and beyond a point even to the whole world.
What she really hoped for, in truth, was that the world might grow stronger.

## Luminous Sands from Guyun

Weapon Ascension Material.
The stone pillars that tower amid Guyun Stone Forest were once the stone spears Morax used to defeat his enemies. Over time, the gods' substance has seeped into the pillars that pin them down, lending them divine power. The pillars sometimes shed fragments of hatred and curses.

## Lustrous Stone from Guyun

Weapon Ascension Material.
The learned know that Guyun Stone Forest is far more than simply a miraculous sight on the sea to behold: It is the cemetery of the former gods of Liyue. Hatred and filth have periodically risen up from it, but all have been subdued by a demon-conquering young man.

## Relic from Guyun

Weapon Ascension Material.
The stone spear has a glimmering core formed by the power of the defeated gods. Their hatred is not directed at Morax, however, for they have lost themselves a long time ago and are incapable of holding personal grudges.

## Divine Body from Guyun

Weapon Ascension Material.
That which lurks within and animates this relic are the divine remains of lamenting gods. They are unrealized ideals, designs for a prosperous humanity that could never be. They may now lie deep within stone and sea, but they will not go quietly into the night.

## Mist Veiled Lead Elixir

Weapon Ascension Material.
Jueyun Karst is the realm of the mighty and illuminated adepti. But other than the ability to control the elements of the world, Jueyun Karst is also home to three other untold secrets: Alchemy, Sigils, and Sub-Space Creation.

## Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir

Weapon Ascension Material.
With Fulu (Sigils), the adepti can store their power in the form of symbols, and with Waijing (Sub-Space Creation) they can fashion a cosmic paradise with the power of their minds. The manufacture of elixirs, however, has always been shrouded in mystery, for certain death follows for any who swallow them.

## Mist Veiled Gold Elixir

Weapon Ascension Material.
Elixirs are in fact pills made from metal alloys. They were created by the adepti, and are able to grant weapons transcendent powers. However, they are rarely seen in the world due to the hubris of the practitioners of martial arts, who prized the ways of combat over the paths of the adepti.

## Mist Veiled Primo Elixir

Weapon Ascension Material.
An elixir of the highest quality. It embodies a state of intertwining order and chaos, and is said to mirror how the world was when it was first created. Of course, a certain someone knows that this was not the case.

## Grain of Aerosiderite

Weapon Ascension Material.
A black meteor once fell beyond Liyue's Sea of Clouds, said to have fallen to vanquish a monster. However, it was stained by powerful tainted blood, so this item no longer possesses the pure power of Rex Lapis.

## Piece of Aerosiderite

Weapon Ascension Material.
Rumors of sea monsters are commonplace in Liyue, since the other shore is an unknown region that lies outside of Teyvat. Without the protection of The Seven, all that lies beyond is unknown chaos. Only power beyond the order of Teyvat is able to stain the power of Rex Lapis black.

## Bit of Aerosiderite

Weapon Ascension Material.
The coastal nations of Teyvat refer to the region beyond the protection of The Seven as the Dark Sea. It is said that many defeated gods refused to live under the new order of The Seven, so they fled to remote islands and became evil gods. However, their powers came from the same source as Rex Lapis, separate from this all-devouring darkness.

## Chunk of Aerosiderite

Weapon Ascension Material.
When Khaenri'ah was destroyed, a great sinner created endless monsters with dark, alien blood flowing through their veins. They rampaged across the land, destroying all in their paths. They were mutated lifeforms, and the mutations were caused by powers from beyond this world. The black serpentine dragon Durin that attacked Mondstadt was one such mutated being.

## Coral Branch of a Distant Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
Watatsumi Island is the furthest from Narukami Island in the Inazuman island chain, and its name means "the god of the oceans" in the island's ancient tongue. Legend has it that when the great serpent first arose within the abyssal nation of ever-night, its fluorescent body was covered in myriad-colored coral.

## Jeweled Branch of a Distant Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
This coral cannot be found anywhere in Teyvat, but was a gift that the great serpent obtained when it broke into the Dark Sea. For that abyssal snake, to be filled with coral was to be mighty, and its power would be shaved away as those corals were lost. In other words, those corals contain power far beyond the norm.

## Jade Branch of a Distant Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
Fleeing into the Dark Sea, the god that had lost everything met the abandoned people who had nothing within the ocean depths. Thus it elected to remain and become their "Orobashi no Mikoto," their "Watatsumi Omikami."
It is said that the great snake god once broke off all the coral branches on its body to give light to the children who were curled up in the darkness. They also say that it used these coral branches to create a huge ladder to allow those children to once again reach the surface and see the light of day.

## Golden Branch of a Distant Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
The meaning that lies behind the name "Watatsumi" is simply the unrequited hopes that the abandoned people who dwelt in the deep sea pinned upon the serpent god that led them.
And it was also because the serpent god now had people who worshiped it that it stayed in the world it should have long fled, breaking off the coral branches that adorned its body, treading upon land where it should not have, and facing a foe it could never hope to match — till at last, its divine form was sundered along with the mountains, its ichor turned into plasma, and its will and power became a curse that could never be extinguished: Tatarigami.

## Narukami's Wisdom

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the past, the ancients would climb the peak now known as Mt. Yougou and bend wood that had been charred by lightning into a hook to offer as an effigy unto the thundering force that lit up the skies and shook the earth. This shape would eventually become the "Electro Mitsudomoe" symbol, symbolizing the favor, wisdom, and might of Electro, and also the people who represent these values.

## Narukami's Joy

Weapon Ascension Material.
Those who belong to the Shogunate Commissions are those who administer and exercise power. In the monster-filled tales of the ancient past, those who were deeply trusted by the Shogun would bear talismans with this hooked design on their person, and just as the word "commission" means to "joyfully serve" in the old tongue, those who received her favor would return it with love and loyalty. Yet, after a certain point in time, nothing would be as it was before.

## Narukami's Affection

Weapon Ascension Material.
All demons who wander in the wilderness or live amongst mortals will be attracted by the sight of the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, represented by the Electro Mitsudomoe. Though their lives may be longer than any creature, they will at last come to their end. If those with limited lifespans hanker after eternity, then they can only pray that "Eternity" remembers them. And she did indeed answer their prayers, remembering them all, friend and foe alike, in her heart. No matter whether it was the demon owls who resided amidst the fog and ripped through the skies, the bake-danuki who dared to trespass her imperial gardens, or that female oni, lovely as the moon and mighty in battle, yet who would eventually come to blows with her... Whether it was the tengu who soared on dark wings or the Kitsune Saiguu who once walked by her side, but who eventually disappeared forever...
These countless tales have come to rest within her heart, and someday, they will surely shine again in the eternal paradise of her dreams.

## Narukami's Valor

Weapon Ascension Material.
The treasure of the lord of thunder is her majesty, and that majesty is embodied in her valor and wrath. Her wrath comes from the love that persists in her heart, and her valor supports that anger. Thus, whomsoever should block the path towards eternity or lay a finger on Inazuma's people shall become her foe.
They say that there were four great spirits, three divine foxes, and two great swords — but that the symbol of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, could only be a single strike, unsurpassed and brilliant as a meteor.

## Mask of the Wicked Lieutenant

Weapon Ascension Material.
Folktales tell that once upon a time, there lived an oni named Torachiyo. Torachiyo was a highly skilled warrior, such that it was once said the Torachiyo might dance amid a thousand blades, juunihitoe robes becoming shredded like falling violet petals, and yet not receive a single wound. Yet this oni would eventually betray the Shogun and revolt, becoming shorn of an arm and a horn in the battle before fleeing and slaying itself in a fit of furious madness.
Hearsay holds that the stubborn oni often hold fear and distress in their hearts. That they should fantasize about eternity yet fear the moment, and are apt to become swallowed by terror or anger is their just reward. This mask depicts Torachiyo, fangs bared.

## Mask of the Tiger's Bite

Weapon Ascension Material.
"Sumirezome Sangetsu Kogetsukan" depicts the fierce oni Torachiyo shattering the Shogun's naginata with a single bite, thus gaining the upper hand for a time. As such, masks that are based on him have finely crafted fangs.
In the denouement of this tale, the wounded oni fled into the forest, deathly afraid of showing himself even to the cold moonlight. The wind that whispers through the alleys and valleys can be said to resemble his quiet cries of agony, and so there is a poetic seasonal expression for this in Inazuma: "Torachiyo's Wind."

## Mask of the One-Horned

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the lost songs of the oni nursemaids, Torachiyo was an elegant young man, strong of body and fair of face. He was once a beloved lieutenant of the Shogun, and he followed her into the dark abyssal realms to repel the defiled ones, winning renown for the oni, whose blood thinned with each passing day.
None now sing these songs, but the mask of a horned oni, even in a different form, still possesses power beyond the norm.

## Mask of the Kijin

Weapon Ascension Material.
Chiyo, a warrior of the oni tribe with the Electro Mitsudomoe emblem emblazoned on her back, was once swallowed whole by a beast from beyond this world that had a tiger's body and a serpent's tail while holding back the forces of darkness. At last, she tore the creature's innards apart from within, breaking free.
This is the origin of the phrase "Chiyo the Tiger-Bite," and would be changed over many years to "Torachiyo."
But within the belly of the beast, she was stained by a deep sin and saw her comrades ripped to shreds by those blood-red teeth. Steeped in darkness as far as the eye could see, she would eventually draw her sword upon the Almighty Narukami Ogosho. Her sword-arm and one horn would be cloven, and she would flee from the city into the forest like a wounded beast. There, they say that she was taken for some unknown monster and slain by the tengu, or perhaps by the Shuumatsuban — or perhaps by a scion of the Iwakura Clan training deep in the mountains, for her features had been twisted by hatred and the agony of her wounds. Or perhaps she even met the oni-masked, sword-bearing doll near the corpse of the giant serpent, and there ended her life's journey.
Few among those who fought against the abyss in those days were spared pitch-dark dreams. Those who slew monsters and then became them were hardly the minority. The border between worlds grows fragile, and corruption of this kind is perhaps not merely monodirectional.

## Copper Talisman of the Forest Dew

Weapon Ascension Material.
Under the instructions of the First Sage, the ancestors of the forest people made these talismans using withered trees to commemorate the Lord of Verdure.
The talisman's shape was inspired by the forest dew. It symbolizes the permeation of wisdom into mortal minds.

## Iron Talisman of the Forest Dew

Weapon Ascension Material.
Later, the Lord of Verdure taught people the mystery of the forging of black iron. The innocent mortals thus grasped the knowledge of using fire to forge blades.
The Lord of Verdure took pleasure in their knowledge — Lethal as fire and blades were to her, they made ordinary people powerful.

## Silver Talisman of the Forest Dew

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the myriad lore of the forest, the one in the striped cape that resembled blazing flames was the Greater Lord of the Labyrinths and the Owner of the Moon-Mirrored Spring.
When he bowed his head and struck up a friendship with the Lord of Verdure, the tokens of their friendship were the gems that glimmered like water and silver that gleamed like the moonlight.
To repay such a gesture, the Lord of Verdure promised to keep secrets for the Greater Lord of the Labyrinths and safeguard the intricate and beautiful dreams of the rainforest.
No one could have foretold that the magnificent mansion of secrets and dreams would later fade away amidst the shroud of the dark flame of oblivion, after which its ash returned to the soil and became nutrients for the virgin rainforests.

## Golden Talisman of the Forest Dew

Weapon Ascension Material.
"Mortals hold dear three things only: the spring water that embraces the moonlight, verdant life, and ageless youth..."
The nature of "wisdom" is not domination over all minds or scheming to gain all the benefit. Instead, it is about empowering even ordinary beings to one day overcome their imposed constraints.
Though the roar of the tiger is no longer heard in the forest and the resilient guardians would seclude themselves within the dreams of children... On the night when every secret golden seal is lifted and all dreams glow like amber in the moonlight, perhaps she and her beloved people will eventually win genuine freedom.

## Oasis Garden's Reminiscence

Weapon Ascension Material.
People used to say that the Lord of Flowers was the Lord of Joy and Happiness. Freshwater sprang from her sleeves, and thus was the oasis of blossoming flowers born in the desert. Flowers and grasses followed in her footsteps, and gleaming moonlight cleared the way for her.
In the bitter days when the sky turned its back on the ground, the Lord of Flowers extended her mercy to each and every one of the mortals, letting them regain their happiness and egos, allowing leisure and luxury to resume.

## Oasis Garden's Kindness

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the literature buried deep beneath the yellow sands, the Lord of Flowers was the Mistress of Dreams.
She bestowed dreams upon the exiled, the manic, and the foolish. In those dreams, they were presented with their dearest delights. Burdened by the brutality of reality, they were fascinated by the charm of the Lord of Flowers and captivated by her beauty and care.

## Oasis Garden's Mourning

Weapon Ascension Material.
The Lord of Flowers was in an amicable relationship with the Jinn.
The Mistress of Flowers and Oases joined hands with the Lord of Deserts and built Ay-Khanoum, the "City of Amphitheaters," which carried the meaning of "City of the Moon Maiden" in the ancient language of the Jinn.
Later, however, it was said that the Lord of Flowers died due to the malice of the burning sun and yellow sand, after which the blossoms of purple Padisarahs were never seen again in the oases.
After the departure of the Lord of Flowers, the sandstorms keened, the Jinn sobbed, and the moonlight-silver gem disc lost its original, glad purpose, giving off a mournful glimmer.

## Oasis Garden's Truth

Weapon Ascension Material.
"Who would worship a departed god?"
The Lord of Flowers was once in alliance with two other gods. Apart from wisdom and power, she also brought mercy and joy to her people.
Just as the earth needs more than the burning sunshine and pouring rain, to the people of the Lord of Flowers, joy and love, singing and music, and wine and extravagance were just as vital as strength and sensibility.
It is said that flowers blossom so that they may enjoy a spectacular death, and that death was precisely the wholehearted pursuit of the Lord of Flowers — for death adds bitterness to lost joy, and intensifies with time across endless memories.
The ignorant Lord of Deserts was never aware of her reasoning. He only reveled in her immense charm and grace — and as misguided as such fervent affections might be, they were well within the calculations of the Lord of Flowers.

## Echo of Scorching Might

Weapon Ascension Material.
A long time ago, the people of the Lord of Deserts carved these imperial insignias based on robust beetles to memorialize the bright sun that marked the shifting of day and night, as well as the infinity of such times.
Though the name of that Lord is no longer mentioned, these imperial insignias have been preserved through time, each bearing a faint ambiance of those past glories.
These insignias travel with the descendants of the Eremite Tribe, silently telling the tales of their then-Lord.

## Remnant Glow of Scorching Might

Weapon Ascension Material.
To weave together myriad thoughts and reign over countless souls — this is the essence of power.
However, power is not cold-blooded tyranny. Its true ideal, at its heart, is to create a utopia free of worry, schemes, and slavery.
It was just as the silent lord saw in the crystal's secrets, and just as the lost companion had once taught.
The dark insect insignia and the steel judgment thus laid the foundations of the kingdom's rules.

## Dream of Scorching Might

Weapon Ascension Material.
Silver moonlight and clear springs once completed the scenery of the oases. But as the Lord of Flowers faded in the darkening sandstorm, so was the worriless golden paradise submerged by death.
In the poetry of the Eremite Tribe, the moon cast its silver light on the crimson mantle, causing Al-Ahmar, the Mourning King, to be driven to madness.
In a melancholic desert ballad, driven by the haunting nostalgia, the lonely king created an ever-youthful dreamland in the center of the desert, where undisturbed water sprang up and perpetual dusk remained.

## Olden Days of Scorching Might

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the era when the ignorant Lord of Deserts ruled, his power descended upon every inch of the land like the scorching sun.
Ancient stone tablets record that he turned his power into seven rays of blinding light or seven pillars, which he granted equally and mercifully to everyone. No one was neglected, nor was anyone discontented.
That was a forgotten golden era, an era when the Lord of Flowers had faded into the sands and the Lord of Verdure was determined to leave. Only the descendants in the yellow sand chose to follow their god. Even as the grim shadow of calamity loomed, the power in which they had faith shone brightly like amber and gold.
Yet calamity befell nonetheless, and the golden insectoid insignias were buried beneath the depths of shrine and palace, under collapsed pillars engraved with images of eagles and bulls.

## Fragment of an Ancient Chord

Weapon Ascension Material.
A harp with rotten keys. Its voice blocked, it cannot be played nor its sound heard.
It is said the descendants of the forgotten music once lacquered mechanical wooden harps with gold in order to revive the magnificent remnants of the ancient dynasty, futilely attempting to match them to the silent golems...
A long time passed, and then more, and the rotten, off-key harps remained in the grasp of those silent giants, caressed by the waves, playing only sorrowful strains.

## Chapter of an Ancient Chord

Weapon Ascension Material.
Legends say that the survivors of that ancient dynasty once cast a harp out of black iron to commemorate and mourn.
A harp cast of black iron cannot be played. To mourn that ancient dynasty that was once so proud of its golden music, those remaining forged this heavy instrument and its yet weightier silence.
But no matter what, the black iron harp remained as silent as that lost era.

## Movement of an Ancient Chord

Weapon Ascension Material.
In that great disaster, the golden palace sank with its throne, the music was shattered, the notes turned to silence...
But the remnants of that empire never gave up their desire for salvation and to surpass fate.
To save their waning civilization and their desire to transcend, the Golden Troupe played melodies most wondrous, enticing children to offer their precious souls to the sleeping golems.

## Echo of an Ancient Chord

Weapon Ascension Material.
The God King's Grand Symphony is composed of countless melodies linked together, but its main thesis is submerged under the common destiny of the Water Nation.
The harmonies of those carefree years and sonatas were once the greatest representation of civilization and order, but when the prosperous empire descended into a playground for tyrants, the brutal despots tore the connection with the source asunder under the cover of golden cloaks, and discord finally swarmed through the empire—
The original song of fate continued to ring out on a score of fading gold, unperturbed by all... until all was dissolved, and all returned to chaos.

## Dross of Pure Sacred Dewdrop

Weapon Ascension Material.
Legends say that before the birth of life, there was a dense primordial sea. It is the purest origin of all things, and one day, it will also swallow all life... and those things which did not arise from it will be filtered out, becoming naught but floating detritus.
"The existence of detritus also has meaning — What kind of thing would be rejected by the source of all things that swallows all life?" the young Harmost asked the great usurper, pondering this conundrum.

## Sublimation of Pure Sacred Dewdrop

Weapon Ascension Material.
"Life that came from the primordial sea is inevitably fated to return to it." Thus spoke the Harmost Boethius. "But there are infinite possibilities for humans to transcend, and even the waters of the primordial sea cannot completely dissolve them..."
The arrogant usurper once attempted to mix insoluble Ichor with pure water, to contain wisdom and memories, allowing his subjects and servants to discard their physical bodies, and obtain independent, eternal lives.
But the pain of severing soul and body cannot be endured by any ordinary life, and the usurper's order tore apart and shattered souls...
The Ichor was dyed black by the crying and howling of so many souls, and it lost its harmony and wisdom, leaving only chaos and madness.

## Spring of Pure Sacred Dewdrop

Weapon Ascension Material.
This is a relic from a time when the Lochknights still roamed — the knights said, there were still loyal spirits in the mountain springs and valleys where none tread, guarding those pure, unpolluted springs...
However, the creator of artificial Ichor couldn't tolerate any discord in his great symphony. It is said that wherever the Harmost Boethius went, the natural nectar was buried, the aqueducts of the empire were built, and the spirits born of pure water vanished without a trace...

## Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop

Weapon Ascension Material.
A dense and pure solution, derived and refined from drops of the vast primordial sea. The ancient God King once believed it would bring eternal life and infinite wisdom, but listening carefully— it was quietly, faintly prophesizing the final end of all dissolving into one.
This was once the God King's unfinished Grand Symphony — a boundless, sourceless golden Ichor replacing the wild primeval waters, and the glorious immortal sages bringing nectar-like enlightenment to the ignorant corners of the world.
But the God King's delusions ultimately sank into the depths of the black abyss, and with the ravages of time, the golden Ichor was eventually corroded by the primordial soup...
The tuner turned a blind eye to the evil omens, and supporting his broken body, continued to give life to his compatriots according to the plans once laid, so that the old order might one day return...
Even today, many mad poets and painters of Fontaine see the apocalypse experienced by Boethius, a reminder of the inescapable cycle of the world.

## Broken Goblet of the Pristine Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
Legend says that when the first usurper came to the primordial sea, the first sovereign gave him a goblet of water.
Later, he became the unquestioned god-king, and used this goblet of water to refine the mysterious drops of dew, establishing a splendid and powerful empire.
But that is now an ancient story, whose main characters now sleep in the phosphorescence of the schools of the deepwater fish.

## Wine Goblet of the Pristine Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
What kind of empire can last for a thousand years? After returning from the kingdom of dragons, the usurper once pondered this question.
Combining the immortal stone with the Ichor essence extracted from primordial water, and carved into a race as black as iron — with arcane lithos for skin and Ichor for blood, never again fearing the curse of returning to the primeval past...
The silent golem still dreams the dream of the empire — not knowing it has been over a thousand years since the empire's obliteration.

## Silver Goblet of the Pristine Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
In the years when the golden shroud covered the land, pure spring water had to be hidden away in concealed mountain streams, and the Lochknights were born in these sanctuaries.
The knights swear by armor of silver, to protect the spirits born from pure water, to protect their fellows who also keep faith in the one true font, resisting the omnipresent golden power that blotted out the sky and outshone the sun.
But that is an ancient legend... Not long after the empire collapsed and sank, the knights who resisted the usurper shed their armor, and their stories were hidden in a tangled web of stories and ballads.

## Golden Goblet of the Pristine Sea

Weapon Ascension Material.
When the Usurper of the sunken city played the last movement of the golden symphony, the favored musician stole the golden goblet brimming with Ichor.
Shocked by the foolhardy betrayal of the God King, the musician summoned the last guards, and used the insoluble Ichor to seal the dragon beneath the tall tower, and sank into the abyss with the capital.
Afterwards, this noble thief vanished silently from history, and only the "Golden Troupe" faithfully remembers his prophecy.

## Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Terror

Weapon Ascension Material.
According to ancient tribal tradition, all that a person takes comes from this world — so naturally, all that they gain shall also be given back to it.

## Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Hesitance

Weapon Ascension Material.
After the original civilizations crumbled like shattered jade — and those envoys from the skies above, under whose guidance the earthly civilizations had thrived, were devoured by the awakened dragons — humanity plunged into savagery, losing the ability to perceive the world anew.
Thus did they revert to their most primal beliefs, convinced of the inherent mystery of the earth that nurtured all things. This marked the dawn of the era where hunted prey began to be offered as sacrifices.

## Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Resolve

Weapon Ascension Material.
It is said that the Sage of the Stolen Flame, after imparting the secret knowledge of the mastery of flames in all their many forms to the tribespeople, hoped that they would climb the ladder of civilization and abandon the wrongful practices of their forebears.
Yet dogma deeply entrenched is difficult indeed to shake, and the now empowered youngsters instead ignited conflicts within their own tribes merely for the sake of more offerings. This may explain the sage's eventual disillusionment and withdrawal from history.
Notably, it was precisely during the reign of the Sacred Lord of the ineffable city that the practice of offering live sacrifices was banned outright. Though the Sacred Lord's true motivation for abolishing many of their customs was the consolidation of authority, this particular act might also be seen as the start of a new kind of civilization.

## Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Splendor

Weapon Ascension Material.
"If you wish to possess all that the world has to offer, you must first offer all you have to the world."
After the Sacred Lord of the ineffable city forbade the people from praying to the Night Kingdom, the spiritual bonds that had once been established fell into ruin.
The scarlet-eyed youth, guided through numerous trials, now faced his final test: to emulate the first human to ascend and confront his own demise by offering up his heart with a golden dagger.
Self-sacrifice was seen as an honor reserved for the victor — and thus, without even a moment's hesitation, he sliced open his chest with the gleaming blade.
In the end, his sacrifice received the response it deserved, and he was able to return from the kingdom where water flows as rays of light to set out upon a grand new endeavor.

## Delirious Decadence of the Sacred Lord

Weapon Ascension Material.
It is said that the controversial mastermind who later came to be known as the Sacred Lord of the ineffable city was once imprisoned. The first human to ascend, who at the time had not yet attained divine form, showed him great compassion.
Thus, after emerging from the mighty wing-shadows of a once-great race, he was accepted by the tribe who had once been his.
Since then, he has concealed his true visage beneath a mask, hiding the golden patterns that mark it, and resolved to offer up everything to the master who holds his vow.

## Delirious Desolation of the Sacred Lord

Weapon Ascension Material.
During the war with the dragons, that mastermind of all the tribes — the same one who had hidden his face behind a mask — deciphered the golden patterns on the non-human ruins for the warriors. The knowledge with which he did so is now long lost.
It was from their enemies that he learned the language and thought patterns required to do this. For him, wielding these skills against them was perhaps a deeply satisfying act of revenge.
Yet his unconcealed hatred for them was a recurring cause of great concern among his fellow heroes.

## Delirious Demeanor of the Sacred Lord

Weapon Ascension Material.
It was in that era that the first human to ascend arose from the throne to enter the Sacred Flame, while the mortal world awaited the arrival of their successor.
It was also the era that the mastermind took up the reins of all authority in their stead.
Unfortunately, this self-proclaimed Sacred Lord, this usurper who believed that the god he had loved and shed golden tears for should forever remain the one and only — overstepped his authority. Placing selfish desire above the commandments left by that revered god, he established a city in which the heavens and the earth were separated from one another.

## Delirious Divinity of the Sacred Lord

Weapon Ascension Material.
The Sacred Lord of the ineffable city often murmured non-human languages in his dreams, and when he beheld himself in the mirror, he saw how the single pupil that was visible through his mask was gradually becoming vertical. This only served to further fuel his growing hatred for the dragons.
It is said that when the scarlet-eyed youth burned down that city above a city, submerged in shadow as it was, he witnessed a half-human figure before the royal hall who had been driven mad. As if tearing off its very face, it ripped away at its indelible divine visage, revealing gaping holes that were fearsomely draconic.
Consumed by the golden flames it spewed, the disfigured form of that deranged soul fell from a great height into the pitch-black mire below. Forsaken by all, thus was the tragic end that this delusional outcast is said to have met.

## Night-Wind's Mystic Consideration

Weapon Ascension Material.
In ancient times, shamans, priests, or those known as mystics were always on the hunt for methods by which they could communicate with the silent underground realm. Ever since the Wayob gradually began to manifest, reacting to the resonance between the lone hero and the Nightsouls, this had been so.
Entrancement, disembodiment, and theurgy were the main methods they chose, each accomplished through the aid of meticulously polished ritual tools.

## Night-Wind's Mystic Premonition

Weapon Ascension Material.
Ancient psychics believed that the Wayob, as formless entities of consciousness, were beings stripped of externality and thus the closest thing to the essence of the spirit.
The process of polishing rough stones until all texture had been removed, turning them into mirrors of pure light, was also seen as a ritual for removing the surface representations of worldly phenomena. Perhaps the reflections that these psychics saw upon the smooth surface of the mirrors were projections of their own spirits...

## Night-Wind's Mystic Augury

Weapon Ascension Material.
When intangible spirits attach themselves to objects, they merge and transform into various forms through a process known as spiritual fusion. Once this has taken place, these spirits are capable of conveying dreamlike visions to humans in a state of trance.
It fell upon those who frequently engaged in such dialogues with the spirits to interpret these vision-like dreams, translating omens from beneath the earth into language that could be understood by the tribe, or transforming their warnings into stories. It is said that this is the origin of the tribal storytellers, and also why most outstanding storytellers hail from the Night-Wind.

## Night-Wind's Mystic Revelation

Weapon Ascension Material.
Regardless of how they are polished, representations of worldly matter cannot be made to transcend their physical nature — they will always remain material in essence. Similarly, pure human spirit can neither be expressed solely through the "tree" of intention, nor embodied through obsidian mirrors that need constant polishing. As the power of the Night Kingdom and the Nightsouls grew, so too did the types of objects that could be used for spiritual fusion. Eventually, the Wayob came to be capable of conveying revelations of the Night Kingdom through various thoughts alone, dispensing of the need for devotees to perform the ritual of polishing stones into mirrors. Thus were such ritual tools rendered obsolete.

## Festering Dragon Marrow

Specialized refinement material for Festering Desire.
This is the product of purifying Durin's vile venom, which has seeped into and spread throughout Dragonspine's ley lines. By using it on a bloodthirsty sword with a strong affinity for such materials, you can increase that sword's power.

## "The Visible Winds"

Specialized refinement material for the Windblume Ode.
An intricately-made ornament that symbolizes the windmills and windblumes, and is that which adorns the limbs of the Windblume Ode. The wind is invisible and intangible, but the windmills that keep turning and the swaying flowers in the emerald fields are "the visible winds" that show people that the breeze will always care for all life in Mondstadt.

## "Fragments of Innocence"

Specialized refinement material for "Dodoco Tales."
Pages scattered on the wind. Each one is filled to the brim with childlike wonder, and their dimensions are an exact match for "Dodoco Tales." The abundant innocence and pure love therein will never fade, and just like the never-ending adventure in the book — this passionate fairy tale shall forever soar in the wake of the author's footsteps.

## Emperor's Balsam

Specialized refinement material for the Luxurious Sea-Lord.
The intense fragrance of this paste seems to have sealed the spirit of sea life within. Smear it on the Luxurious Sea-Lord to temper this unique claymore and make it harder still.

## Ako's Sake Vessel

Specialized refinement material for "The Catch."
This was the favored liquor vessel of Ako Domeki, who once ruled over the Seirai region. The sea has brought it onto an angler's hook.

## Alkahest

Specialized refinement material for the Cinnabar Spindle.
A silver substance shining with an otherworldly light that is a deadly corrosive poison to things of this world. And yet it also has the power to sublimate matter...

## Ointment of Sight

Specialized refinement material for the Oathsworn Eye.
Special Deep Sea Unagi oil, which was once used to maintain Enkanomiya's sacred artifacts, has been carefully processed for the purpose of making this shining eye most bright indeed.

## Glowing Gem

Specialized refinement material for Fading Twilight.
Cor Lapis delicately refined by ancient arts practiced by the early inhabitants of The Chasm. It glimmers slightly with a light that resembles either the radiance of dawn or the dying twilight. Appearing in caverns where none may see either form of light, it must have brought some small comfort to those who fought against the dark enemy.

## Original Fish Ointment

Specialized refinement material for "End of the Line."
Ointment refined from a catch from the great lake in the north. It has the effect of temporarily restoring the energy of the fish that could be made into fine bows.
It is said that in the lake dwell aquatic creatures that cannot be seen anywhere else in Teyvat.

## Plume of the Changing Winds

Specialized refinement material for "Missive Windspear."
An ancient feather carved from turquoise. It was once used as an ornament or a token of sorts.

## Parasol Talcum

Specialized refinement material for "Toukabou Shigure."
A powdery substance meant to bind bamboo to an umbrella.
Even as the seasons change and the past dissolves, memory and thoughts will always remain, slumbering beneath an umbrella to rest in the shroud of a dream.

## Unfading Silky Grace

Specialized refinement material for "Mailed Flower."
Decorations can always provide a little something beyond an item's value and function. In times like these, an unwithering flower can lend some romantic essence to even a weapon.

## Congealed Pupa Wax

Specialized refinement material for Ibis Piercer.
In the Great Red Sand, the youth who later became the King of Invokations was requested by the descendants of the Ibis King to spend a few days formulating bowstring wax from Sand Grease Pupae. However, the legendary bow disappeared along with the Ibis King, and only the recipe for making pupa wax was passed down from generation to generation. Perhaps it's still waiting for the day when it can be used again.

## Martens' Omni-Fix

Specialized refinement material for "Fleuve Cendre Ferryman."
Not only can it prevent oxidation and erosion by forming an isolation layer on certain materials, but it also helps lubricate, clean, and polish. It was once all the rage in Fontaine. In the advertisements back then, a legendary figure from the Fleuve Cendre used it to maintain the famous curved copper tube.

## Dandelion Bookmark

Specialized refinement material for "Ballad of the Boundless Blue."
In many poems and tales, Dandelions are a symbol of unrestrained freedom, traveling to faraway lands. Placing a bookmark with the image of a Dandelion within the pages of a book is not a form of confinement, but rather allowing it to wander in a world far vaster and brighter than our own.

## Surging Sacred Chalice

The specialized refinement material for the Sword of Narzissenkreuz.
Conches were often favored materials in ancient Fontainian civilization for making ritual implements, and the sacred unguents within this conch chosen as a sanctified chalice have finally emerged. Symbolically, this chalice is the primordial word, the oils are the honed will, and the holy sword itself is reason, which breaks through all.

## Super-Duper Invincible Shining Sparkly Magic Crystal

Specialized refinement material for "Ultimate Overlord's Mega Magic Sword."
Can gather many wishes (including super cool cardboard ones) and put them together, forming an ultimate super-duper mysterious power.
Though you can buy a toy version in Damoville Purveyor that looks similar (okay, basically exactly the same), in reality, there is (probably) a qualitative difference between the two, so definitely don't mix them up!

## "Exalted Earth"

Specialized refinement material for "Dialogues of the Desert Sages."
In introductory alchemy studies, mercury is often called "Exalted Earth," for it can even greedily devour gold. As such, it is also used in alchemy to represent metal.
It still possesses the potential for transformation even after being dried and turned to dust.

## Cam and Cables of Law

Specialized refinement material for "Cloudforged."
A new type of component the Yuheng commissioned the Blackcliff Forge to make. According to the smiths, its dynamic load "wouldn't lose to adeptal mechanisms." By installing it on its counterpart prototype weapon, the latter's power can be considerably increased.
The world ruled by humanity is like the taut bowstring of a quality bow: It can only avoid snapping and collapsing with the appropriate quantity of tension.

## "The Sea's Silent Shade"

Specialized refinement material for the "Ash-Graven Drinking Horn."
The fine and warm colored sand has a texture as gentle as the sea breeze at sunset.
According to an ancient Meztli legend, the sea is the stars' home, and the sinking starlight will eventually turn into pale ocean sand. Listen quietly, then, to the swaying whispers of the stars and the tides within the bottle.

## Shuttle of Odara

Specialized refinement material for "Calamity of Eshu."
Refracting an eerie, prism-like light, this jade pendant emits a chilling aura that does not disappear, even were it to be cast within a roaring blaze.
In ancient shamanic traditions, the "shuttle" symbolizes a medium that pierces through different realms. It is said that in the era of barbarism, before humans knew how to count their days or to weave their tales, the mighty dragons who then roamed the Soulfire Plains had a word for a construct that traversed the pitch-black darkness between the stars. In their long-forgotten language, they called such creations "Void Shuttles" — blazing javelins that could pierce anything, even a veil thick enough to enshroud an entire world.
Of course, given that the source of this story was the crafty trickster Sanhaj, it may well be that this was nothing but another of his countless tall tales, told with the sole intention of earning himself a meal and a drink. Today, some of the most respected priests of the Masters of the Night-Wind still hold this view.

## Smoldering Phosphorescent Flame

Specialized refinement material for "Tamayuratei no Ohanashi."
Embers of phosphorescent fire scattered by a youkai who once donned the form of flame, traveling the length and breadth of Inazuma. Just as each and every oil lamp remembers the words of those who once gathered beneath its glow, there may well be memories retained within these dispersed embers that are of great import to some.

## Composite Bow Tuning Kit

Specialized refinement material for the "Sequence of Solitude."
In legends of old, the Marechaussee Hunter who stole from the rich and gave to the poor was Walter, known as both a "Master" of tricks and an "Executioner" who leveraged precision-engineered devices to augment his archery. It is said that this strategy minimized physical strain on the wielder, enabling Walter to strike down hordes of pursuing villains and fiends with ruthless efficiency.
This quality was only further exaggerated in fantastical filmic retellings, birthing the trope of "Mechanically Enhanced Warriors."
Meanwhile, this Composite Hunter's Bow — designed to push the limits of long-range stealth shooting — demands repeated calibration and fine-tuning to achieve peak performance.

## Drifter's Crystal Marrow

Specialized refinement material for "Flame-Forged Insight."
At first glance, it's just like any old mineral you might find throughout Natlan, but due to differences in local geology, even the same type of rock can have slight differences in Stonemarrow that can only be uncovered upon closer inspection. That's why the travelers who once wandered through Natlan collected this mineral — some things need to be held in the palm of the hand before you can appreciate their uniqueness.