# Special Lighting and the Stars of Tomorrow!

Melies: Aha, mwahahahahaha... My two radiant guests, you're finally here!
Melies: #You must be the legendary adventurers of Teyvat and rising superstars, Traveler and Paimon!
Traveler: That's us alright!
Paimon: We're certainly well known among the Adventurers' Guild, but superstars of Teyvat... perhaps just slightly over the top? After all, there are still many people out there that haven't heard of us...
Paimon: Paimon feels like everyone we've met who comes straight out with such flattery... ends up asking us to do something for them!
Paimon: Out with it then, what do you want?
Melies: Oh no-no-no-no, I don't want anything from you! I simply wanted to put forward a win-win proposal...
Melies: Join forces with me, Fontaine's most talented "experimental" film director Melies, to become the next big star of the big screen!
Melies: Once you've made it, money... connections... it's all yours!
Melies: Wherever you go in Teyvat, no one will dare to stand in your way, and you'll find yourself walking down an endless red carpet, rolled out just for you!
Traveler: I'd rather not attract even more unwanted attention...
Paimon: But we don't even have much experience acting on Kamera! If it were true that we could get famous just by collaborating with you...
Paimon: ...Then why aren't you already a super famous director, huh? And where are all the other stars that you've worked with?
Melies: ...
Melies: Ugh, you saw right through me...
Melies: If only someone would set up a special training school for actors! I need someone who not only knows how to fight, but also how to control their expressions and inject emotion into their lines. In short, I need someone who can do it all!
Melies: But such genius simply doesn't exist! So far, I've only finished planning the regular acting parts of my Avant-garde production. I haven't even started on the action scenes, let alone finished my first film...
Melies: I'm worried that I'll have to resort to employing stunt doubles, so that's why you two are such perfect candidates!
Traveler: Does "stunt doubles" mean what I think it does?
Paimon: You've hit the nail on the head! It's the perfect solution to having actors who can't fight...
Paimon: We are pretty good at fighting, but won't people be able to tell that we're not the same people just by looking at our faces?
Melies: In theory, yes. But the action scenes are absolutely central to my experimental production.
Melies: If you do a good enough job, I'll make the regular acting scenes into silhouette shots. There weren't even many lines to begin with...
Melies: I'll make the other actors cake themselves in makeup, and adjust their silhouettes so they fit your profiles. With a bit of lighting magic, no one will even know the difference!
Melies: In a way, the regular actors would actually be your doubles! Anyway, they aren't as well-known as you two. I'll even pay you royalties!
Paimon: So basically, if we help you, we'll be handed the starring roles on a plate... just like that?
Melies: You'll also receive a large payment, and it'll do wonders for your reputation!
Paimon: #Then it really does sound like it'll pay off! What say you, Traveler?
Traveler: Why pass up such a juicy opportunity?
Melies: Thank you so much for lending a hand! What a dream come true!
Melies: Then without further ado, please head over to my experimental studio right away.
Melies: There will be four fighting scenes in the film, each with a completely different ambiance. Each scene will also have its very own "Special Lighting."
Melies: When the "Special Lighting" comes on, the action will intensify in line with the corresponding place in the script...
Melies: With your experience, I'm sure you'll get the hang of it in no time! Once all the remaining scenes are filmed, we'll finally be able to wrap this thing up.
Traveler: Time to put our acting skills to the test...
Traveler: You want us to shoot the fighting scenes?
Traveler: But I like it when people stand in my way...
Traveler: Do you need our help?
Paimon: Not just prone to exaggeration, but also a user of strange adjectives...