# Semi-Automatic Forging

Estelle: Hmm. There's still room for improvement here. The hammering force still isn't quite right. The materials used are all the same, so is this due to the difference in forging methods? One where the harder material is made into the outer layer, and one where it becomes the inner layer instead...
Estelle: If that's the case, should the corresponding force be pre-set, or should I make an adaptive mechanism that sets the force based on forging method instead?
Paimon: Huh. Y'know, this machine really is fascinating up close, the way it just clangs on the metal by itself — at this rate, it feels like you wouldn't need a blacksmith at all!
Estelle: Haha. This machine isn't smart enough to "not need a blacksmith" yet. When you need to make something, there are still countless little details that need to be tuned, and the tempering and polishing needs to be done manually as well.
Estelle: However, one day, I will turn it into a fully automated forge.
Estelle: Anyway, do you have a commission for me?
Traveler: That hinges on how well the Auto-Smith can perform...
Estelle: Then, I gotta show you what I've got!
Paimon: Huh, so you're the blacksmith too, and not just the boss?
Estelle: That's right. I wear both hats, wield both hammers, however you want to put it. Surprised, huh?
Estelle: People who find out about me for the first time all end up making the expressions you're making right now. "Where are the solid chunks of muscle on her arms? She's even leaner than the average person."
Paimon: "Yeah, that's right. Can someone like that really work as a blacksmith..." Hmm, those aren't Paimon's thoughts. Paimon just continued your hypothetical conversation without even realizing it...
Estelle: Haha, no offense taken. Truth be told, letting someone as feeble in body as I serve as a blacksmith is the main point of this machine.
Estelle: Humans can use tools, and exquisitely-designed tools can make the impossible, possible.
Estelle: Some say that all automated forgings are hollow and soulless. But if you ask me, the machine is just as much of a tool as a regular smith's hammer. Really, I would love to see those smiths knock metal into shape with their bare hands...
Estelle: Anyway, I digress. I'll forge a razor-sharp sword for you right away... Hmm. But it seems like I've run out of materials.
Estelle: *sigh* It appears we've used up too much of our materials during the previous rounds of experiments. What should I do...
Paimon: Ohh, Paimon knows! For the next phase, Paimon must pull on a mysterious lever. Once Paimon has done that, the forge will rattle and chime before transforming into a mobile mechanism that will leave to seek materials on its own!
Estelle: Hmm... Automated material-gathering machines... Feels like that would be a high-demand design as well. But how shall they differentiate between different forms of matter? Could they perhaps use the external reflectivity of surfaces to judge the properties of an object?
Paimon: Miss Estelle...?
Estelle: Ah, apologies, I got distracted. As it stands, the Auto-Smith is just a hammering mechanism. It cannot transform nor roam on its own. All the materials it uses must still be delivered by human beings...
Paimon: Aww...
Estelle: But if you're interested, you can also give me any spare materials you have collected. When one is testing and tuning their Auto-Smith, there is always a scarcity of resources.
Estelle: In return... Let me offer you some designs from this workshop!
Traveler: I smell trade secrets...
Estelle: How should I put it? To me, what matters isn't the "product" that is forged, but the "tool" used for forging.
Estelle: Letting the Auto-Smith work with different materials to procure more data sets will help the machine create better products down the line. The designs, contrarily, are of lesser importance.
Estelle: So, we are interested in more than just forging materials. Feel free to bring over anything that you think might be useful.
Paimon: Hmm, you aren't trying to scam us with some strange and useless designs, are you? What if the next time we're back, we'll just find an empty shop, with no sign of you, the Auto-Smith, or the materials we handed over to you...
Estelle: No, that would never happen! This counts as a long-term partnership. In such relationships, nothing is more important than trust. I will make sure that the designs will be of the highest quality.
Estelle: Besides, even if I could run, it won't be easy for the Auto-Smith to sprout legs and follow...
Paimon: That's a fair point...
Traveler: Well, that settles it then!
Estelle: I hope this partnership will benefit both of us. Yes, I'm looking forward to seeing what kinds of materials you will bring to the forge.
Traveler: I'm looking forward to working with you!
Traveler: Are you sure that's okay?