# Filmmaking Notes

Xavier: Ho, we meet again, my gallant adventurer friend!
Traveler: Hello, my gallant film producer friend.
Xavier: How've you been recently?
Traveler: How've you been recently?
Xavier: Oho, we're in sync! The mark of a friendship that has withstood the test of time, surely? But since I was a little faster, why don't we start with you?
Traveler: Same as always, working for the Adventurers' Guild.
Xavier: #Haha, composed as always, I see. Were it anyone else, I'd call him out for pulling my leg. But with you, I know it's all true.
Xavier: As for me, things are the same as always — wrap shooting for one film, and it's time to start prepping for the next...
Xavier: Recently, I've had this idea for an adventure plot — a group of people who start as strangers, but are forced to travel together after an accident to overcome a slew of trials and thrills...
Xavier: Hmm, I haven't decided what sorts of thrills exactly, but things will go well enough for them to grow into heroes. As for the ending...
Xavier: ...It's also undecided! Maybe our heroes shall go their separate ways, or blaze a trail into the realm of sequels.
Xavier: I've got a few plot ideas besides that one. Frankly, I feel like I have a whole sea of them in my head that tips over every time I lie down at night, drowning me in inspiration.
Xavier: On the one hand, I am sleep-deprived. But on the other, I'll never run out of great ideas for as long as I live.
Traveler: Sounds like everything's going smoothly.
Xavier: Well, not everything. There's always funding and sponsorships...
Xavier: Sometimes, I'll run into generous sponsors with great taste or get opportunities like the Fontinalia Film Festival, but those big breaks are few and far between, so I've had to think of my own solutions.
Traveler: Do you need any help?
Xavier: Oho? Thanks for the concern — but no, I'm in no dire need of special assistance.
Xavier: I'd avoid resorting to a friend's kindness to achieve my dream as much as possible. All I need from a friend are their kind regards, and to keep in touch.
Xavier: I'll figure out some way to solve my financial problems. For instance, I'm helping my sponsors shoot some commercials. It doesn't pay very much, but it's a good source of stable income.
Traveler: Commercials?
Xavier: Yes, ever since film became popular, many merchants and organizations have developed a taste for this new innovative marketing method. They'll go to someone with a plan, and have them help shoot the film.
Xavier: Rather than focusing on narrative elements, a commercial needs to capture the audience's attention quickly, so they are faster-paced, and we filmmakers need to be more creative with our methods.
Xavier: Oh... and the sponsors themselves are full of ideas, not all of them good. Some give contradictory suggestions, while others are befuddlingly unreasonable...
Xavier: Ha, don't let anyone else hear a word of that, though.
Traveler: That sounds rough.
Xavier: It's alright. There's a price to be paid for creating the stories I truly want to. It's like eating seafood — can't get at that sweet meat within without cracking the shell, can you? Don't worry about me.
Xavier: Also, if you thought my previous examples were absurd, you should've seen the sponsor who insisted that I have my thriller film protagonist, a tough, no-nonsense guy, show up in the film's opening chugging a carton of their baby milk...
Xavier: More commercials shot on the side means fewer product placements in my films... Put that way, commercial shootings seem like a much more pleasant option.
Xavier: Ah, yes. Now that I think about it, there is a little something I could use your help with. Interested?
Traveler: What is it?
Xavier: Well, it's been an age and a half since we last worked together. We shot tons of good films then, and if memory serves, you quite enjoyed the process too!
Xavier: Want to try making a commercial together this time? They're quite different from films, but they have charms all their own.
Xavier: I shot all the needed material beforehand, so you won't have to run around filming new scenes. All we need to do is add a little creative spice to the editing...
Traveler: So this is post-production and editing?
Xavier: Great! In that case, come find me when you have time. Don't worry about the final product. I just want to do something meaningful with an old friend, and if anything comes up with the sponsors, I'll handle it.
Xavier: Besides, commercials are meant to be interesting! Let us follow our muses and go with the flow. Who knows? Things might turn out better than we think!
Traveler: If you need creative spice, you've come to the right person!
Traveler: With a little bit of saving the world on the side.
Traveler: Long time no see, Xavier.