# Missing title (1167601975)

Neuvillette: It seems, from your expressions, that you still have more things you wish to ask.
Neuvillette: Ask away. I will tell you the truth as I know it.
Traveler: About the initial verdict that was passed on Childe...
Neuvillette: I have investigated his case along many avenues, and I have learned that he once fell into an unknown chasm when he was young. There, by chance, he awakened the All-Devouring Narwhal.
Neuvillette: But, whether it be by sentiment or reason, that should not have been enough to consider him the root cause of the disaster. At most, he would have had tangential liability.
Neuvillette: As for the judgment passed by the Oratrice during the trial...
Neuvillette: Whether it was due to that liability by association, or Focalors deliberately using him to buy time for us on the assumption that he would be able to hold the creature off... I cannot say.
Paimon: Guess Focalors had Fontainians in mind the whole time. In the end, it was thanks to her that they finally became real humans...
Paimon: Uh, hang on a second! Paimon's suddenly got another question.
Paimon: Back when Fontainians hadn't yet become real humans, were the children they had also transformed Oceanids?
Neuvillette: Life has always flowed like water. Do you recall how Fontainians would often come to the Fountain of Lucine to pray for children?
Paimon: Yeah. Lynette said that the Fountain is where all the waters in Fontaine converge...
Neuvillette: In truth, even those couples did not know that such prayers were no mere custom, but instead a form of ritual...
Neuvillette: Those Oceanids who were blessed within the spring water would later descend as new humans in the coming months.
Paimon: Uh... Paimon... sorta gets it now? Either way, seems like this ritual won't be of any further use — but it'll probably live on as a local custom!
Paimon: Uh, hang on a sec. Paimon's still got a question about the Gnosis...
Paimon: When we spoke to Lyney earlier, he mentioned that your attitude towards giving away the Gnosis had clearly changed...
Paimon: We guessed that there might be some reason for it that only you were aware of...
Neuvillette: Hmm. No wonder the House of the Hearth is the Fatui's intelligence division. They are certainly sharp.
Neuvillette: So, regarding this specific issue, I was just getting ready to share something with you.
Paimon: Uh... What is it?
Neuvillette: In truth, I exchanged some further words with that lady named Skirk after sending you two back to the surface. It went something like this...
Traveler: About Fontaine's future...
Paimon: Yeah, about that, Wriothesley said Furina has already left. What's that all about?
Neuvillette: Ah, Lady Furina... The people are only aware that her death sentence has not been carried out. She abdicated the post of Hydro Archon and left affairs related to that title to me, before leaving the opera house.
Neuvillette: I related Focalors' words to her faithfully and completely. After hearing them, she seemed neither saddened nor comforted...
Neuvillette: She simply said that... she was tired, and needed to rest.
Neuvillette: Having said that, she then packed her things and moved out of the opera house, not unlike how an ordinary person might.
Paimon: Erm... But she's still got a place to stay, right?
Neuvillette: You need not worry. I will make arrangements to ensure that she will not want for food, clothing, board, or travel.
Neuvillette: In truth, I am... somewhat happy for her. The wear and tear on her spirit will, of course, take time to heal...
Neuvillette: But now that she no longer has to play the role of "Focalors the Hydro Archon," she can finally lay down her burdens and lead a normal life.
Paimon: What about you, then? What are your plans, now that you've regained your full powers as the Hydro Dragon?
Neuvillette: After Focalors passed on, the Oratrice also ceased to function.
Neuvillette: This matter will directly affect our trials. After much careful consideration, I've decided to take over its role in our courts. From now on, I shall hear cases and pass verdicts by myself.
Paimon: Looks like you're still considering stuff from the perspective of the Iudex, huh.
Neuvillette: As an elemental dragon, there are indeed many things that I must do. But this power, and this duty... In a manner of speaking, you could say that both were granted to me.
Neuvillette: As such, before I attend to my other responsibilities, I must first and foremost continue to serve Fontaine as its highest judge. The duty of the Hydro Sovereign and the duty of the Iudex shall coexist within my person.
Neuvillette: Additionally, the Hydro Archon's departure has brought about another problem... Which is that the opera house shall no longer produce Indemnitium.
Paimon: That's true. That power was derived from the peoples' faith in the Hydro Archon, wasn't it?
Paimon: Wait. But the various meks and machines in the city are all still okay. Where are they getting their energy from?
Neuvillette: As I am now, I have full command over Pneumousia, and it can serve as a complete substitute — another reason why I cannot quite leave Fontaine immediately.
Paimon: Wow. This ancient dragon's authority stuff is really quite useful, huh?
Traveler: About Fontaine's Gnosis...
Paimon: Ooh, that's right. They say you've given it to The Knave as a "diplomatic gift," or something...
Neuvillette: Leaving aside their intentionality, the two Fatui Harbingers have indeed done much for us during this crisis.
Neuvillette: Their sole remaining goal in Fontaine, at least at this point, would seem to be the Gnosis.
Neuvillette: The Oratrice has ceased to function. The Hydro Archon's divine throne is now no more. And I do not need the Gnosis's power...
Neuvillette: As such, it has lost all meaning for Fontaine.
Neuvillette: If the Fatui have impure designs, then we might as well accede to their request now... and avoid unnecessary conflict.
Paimon: Gah, what complicated considerations... Paimon thought you were just giving it to them out of gratitude to The Knave, and as an apology to Childe.
Traveler: About the next stop on my journey...
Neuvillette: You will soon be heading to Natlan, I presume?
Neuvillette: I'm afraid that I have little talent as a travel guide, so all I can do is tell you what I know about that land.
Neuvillette: As far as I'm aware, Natlan can be said to be "a nation of dragons."
Paimon: A nation of dragons? You mean, like you?
Neuvillette: No, I suspect that I would not find myself welcome there.
Neuvillette: Unlike ancient dragons such as myself, the dragons of Natlan have undergone long years of development and evolution. Large numbers of them have entered a form of coexistence with humanity.
Neuvillette: Natlan is also the nation of "war." War ravages those lands like an undying flame.
Neuvillette: There is one other piece of information I got incidentally from my negotiations with The Knave that I believe may be useful to you.
Neuvillette: ...The Harbinger known as The Captain has thrown his hat into the endless ring of war.
Paimon: "The Captain"... Sounds like a real tough customer. Seriously, everywhere you look, there's a Fatui Harbinger doing their thing!
Neuvillette: I suggest that you fully prepare yourself before going to Natlan. In the meantime, Fontaine's doors will always be open to you.
Traveler: I have no more questions.