# Divine Ingenuity: Collector's Chapter

Honglang: Why is it in Mondstadt this time...
Traveler: Honglang?
Honglang: Traveler? What a coincidence! I didn't expect you to be here...
Honglang: As for the present situation... Well, just look at this door next to me. I suppose you already understand.
Traveler: So a Domain of that kind has appeared again?
Honglang: That's right. Thanks to your help in investigating that other Domain, we were able to obtain all manner of important data.
Honglang: However, there wasn't any way of getting more useful information on that Domain from the outside. Not for lack of trying by the Guild, but still.
Honglang: As such, we were getting ready to send more people into it. We'd even called people from other Guilds in... but then it vanished.
Honglang: And that was the last we heard of it until it showed up today in Mondstadt. I only got here in time thanks to timely notice from our colleagues in Mondstadt.
Traveler: Have you started exploring it?
Honglang: Of course. Why would I fall back with the prize before me?
Honglang: The rules of this Domain haven't changed a great deal. It still creates various things based on the imaginations of those who enter it.
Honglang: But as we plumbed its depths, we found that this Domain is now able to create certain "enemies."
Honglang: They would attack us, and we actually felt real pain when they did.
Honglang: How should I put this... It was no different from a real battle, which the other adventurers found rather interesting.
Honglang: However, some of them conjured foes they could not beat, and wound up needing help to beat them...
Honglang: *cough* But never mind that. If you're willing, Traveler, could you explore this Domain together with us once again?
Traveler: No problem.
Honglang: Hahaha, wonderful, then! With your help, I'm sure that progress will be smooth indeed.
Traveler: It won't be too dangerous, will it...
Honglang: Um, I reckon you'll be fine. Just be cautious!
Honglang: Regardless, if you're willing to explore this Domain with us, I'm sure that progress will be smooth indeed.
Traveler: Is this the same sort of Domain as that other one you were investigating?
Traveler: This is...