# Breezy Snapshots

Fassben: Traveler! Traveler, please wait!
Traveler: What event have you got going on here?
Fassben: An event? No, no, I have neither the energy nor ability for something like that.
Fassben: I'm merely someone interested in photo-taking. I even had someone get me a Kamera and took a great many pictures with it.
Fassben: The people at the Guild seemed to really like the pictures I took. Cyrus even said that we could turn them into books and give them out as souvenirs.
Fassben: And well, you know what? Since it's Windblume Festival, Cyrus requested that I go around Mondstadt and take various pictures related to the festival.
Fassben: He's planning on putting them together into a commemorative album to be given out to the adventurers in the Guild as mementos.
Fassben: But... Mondstadt's a big place with lots of photo-taking spots, and I'm just one person...
Fassben: The other adventurers are also out on their own errands and won't have any time to help.
Fassben: I know that a festival isn't really the right time to be asking around for help... but please, Traveler! I've heard that you're a dab hand at the Kamera, so please, help me out!
Traveler: Well, I do know a thing or two...
Fassben: Phew, alright, that's a relief. So the rumors are true then...
Fassben: Anyway, Traveler, in that case, allow me to formally request your help in going around Mondstadt to take pictures using your Kamera.
Fassben: Ah, yes, why don't you use this Kamera to take your photos? I maintain it regularly, so it runs very smoothly.
Fassben: I mean, it takes a good Kamera to take good pictures, wouldn't you say?
Fassben: I'll be counting on you, then. The pictures just need to be related to the Windblume Festival. Otherwise, there are no particular restrictions on their content!
Fassben: As for the reward, you don't need to worry. I'll follow the usual Guild regulations. You won't be working for free!
Fassben: Now, I'll need to sort the pictures here into categories...
Traveler: Where'd you hear that about me?
Fassben: Well, some other adventurers in the Guild told me so. There's quite a few Kamera enthusiasts amongst them.
Fassben: We've even been thinking of starting a Kamera Club, but we're not sure if Cyrus would approve...