# Theater Mechanicus: Stage of Brilliance

Komakata: Hello there, Irodori Festival-goer!
Komakata: Come, try your hand at the all-new version of Theater Mechanicus!
Traveler: What's Theater Mechanicus?
Komakata: It's a tabletop game from Liyue, and a very interesting one, too!
Komakata: The original inventor of the game is Ms. Ruijin from Liyue, and she gave me the overseas franchising rights to the game, such that I'd be able to distribute it in Inazuma.
Komakata: I've been in correspondence with her about ways in which we might improve Theater Mechanicus.
Komakata: And just as luck would have it, the release of our new ruleset coincided with news that the Magnificent Irodori Festival was going to be held.
Komakata: A short while after deciding to take part in the exhibition, I heard that some big shot would be attending to assess the business prospects of Theater Mechanicus.
Komakata: That got me pumped right up! I mean, I hope everyone gets to play the best Theater Mechanicus possible.
Komakata: Would you like to have a go at Theater Mechanicus: Stage of Brilliance?
Traveler: "Stage of Brilliance"?
Komakata: Long story short, this is Theater Mechanicus' latest and greatest playstyle, which draws inspiration from the "endgame" phase of Liyue chess games.
Komakata: When each new board for Stage of Brilliance opens, there will already be some devices present on the field.
Komakata: Players must analyze the situation and figure out how to use these devices and carefully ponder stratagems that might be used to achieve victory.
Komakata: The pace of Stage of Brilliance is faster than those of previous versions, all the better to test the players' judgment. It'll be a sore test and no mistake!
Traveler: Well, let's have at it, then.
Komakata: I hope that the Stage of Brilliance will meet your expectations!
Traveler: Try Theater Mechanicus.
Traveler: Hello again, Komakata...
Komakata: Oh-ho! So you do remember me, huh?
Komakata: Ah, it was all thanks to your ingenious strategies that I realized just how much more room Theater Mechanicus has left to improve.
Komakata: When the Stage of Wonders promotional event ended, I wrote to Ruijin to share my views with her.
Komakata: I never thought that we'd be on the exact same page! I guess I'm a pretty good "overseas franchise owner," eh? Hehehe...
Komakata: Either way, after some back and forth between us, we've come up with the newest version of Theater Mechanicus, which we call the "Stage of Brilliance."
Komakata: It draws inspiration from the "endgame" phase of Liyue chess games.
Komakata: When each new board for Stage of Brilliance opens, there will already be some devices present on the field.
Komakata: Players must analyze the situation and figure out how to use these devices and carefully ponder stratagems that might be used to achieve victory.
Komakata: The pace of Stage of Brilliance is faster than those of previous versions, all the better to test the players' judgment. It'll be a sore test and no mistake!
Traveler: That does sound interesting.
Komakata: I know, right? I can't wait to see how our customers react after playing.
Komakata: I think I've finally gotten the hang of being a franchise owner after all this time. As such, I'd like to use this Irodori Festival as an opportunity to get more people acquainted with this game.
Komakata: I've even heard that some big shot will be attending to assess its business prospects, so this might be our chance to make it big! Or at least, that's what I hope.
Komakata: So, how about it? Why not give the Stage of Brilliance a go?
Traveler: Try Theater Mechanicus.