(Quest is part of chapter: Chapter V: Act V Incandescent Ode of Resurrection)

# As the Sun Rises and Sets


## Talk 1

Xilonen: I see. If all goes well, three days should be more than enough to forge the name. You won't need to push back the plan.
Mavuika: Thank you. I'd say the sooner you can finish it, the better. I still need to announce the matter to everyone.
Citlali: #Don't worry. We should only need half a day. Traveler has been in Natlan a while, now. The Pilgrim's Chronicle should have enough records of his adventures.
Mavuika: Come in.
Paimon: Hey, Mavuika! Oh, Xilonen and Citlali are here too! Hello!
Mavuika: #We were just talking about you. I invited you here for two reasons. First, there's Traveler's Ancient Name, which is ready to be forged.
Paimon: Oh, yeah! You need the Pilgrim's Chronicle, right? The device the Lord of the Night gave us.
Traveler: I brought it with me.
Xilonen: Perfect. Could I take a look?
Xilonen: Hmm... Yep.
Xilonen: Looks good. This is definitely enough to work with.
Xilonen: Usually, the first step to forging an Ancient Name is performing a ceremony to extract memories from the Ley Lines. But, since the Lord of the Night gave us this record, we can skip that part.
Xilonen: Still, I've never used something like this before. This is an entirely new material for me, so I need to look into how the process might change.
Citlali: I'll help you. My knowledge on the Lord of the Night and the Wayob might come in handy.
Mavuika: That brings me to the second matter. As you already know, once your Ancient Name is complete, we need to venture into the deepest part of the Night Kingdom.
Mavuika: That will happen in three days' time.
Paimon: Th—Three days!? So soon?
Traveler: I'll start getting ready.
Paimon: Wait! But, um...
Mavuika: #You're worried about Traveler, aren't you?
Paimon: Well, Paimon gave it a lot of thought, and Paimon's not very good at thinking or fighting to begin with. It's just...
Paimon: This plan could save countless lives. Paimon understands why people would want to be a part of something so important...
Paimon: #But... all this time, Paimon has barely left Traveler's side. Not to mention, we all know this will be a super dangerous mission...
Traveler: Just trust us.
Mavuika: That's right. And, as long as we win, the Ode of Resurrection will return us to this land.
Mavuika: The Night Kingdom is a realm of souls and memories, where mental fortitude outweighs physical strength.
Mavuika: All in Natlan are resolved to win this war. The Sacred Flame will connect us to their fighting spirit. We will do whatever it takes to win.
Mavuika: #So, if you want to contribute, just cheer us on alongside all the people of Natlan. For Traveler, I'm sure your words of encouragement are among the most important.
Paimon: The most important? Really...?
Traveler: That way, it'd be like we're still together.
Paimon: That's right! Overcoming danger side by side, just like always!
Paimon: Alright, it's decided! Paimon will cheer the loudest out of everyone in Natlan!
Citlali: It's less about volume, and more about mental focus. But, I get it. You're just trying to show how much you care.
Mavuika: Of course, this all depends on the successful completion of the Ancient Name.
Mavuika: #Otherwise, Traveler will not join me. That is the condition.
Xilonen: Don't worry. I swear on the honor of my tribe — I will not fail. I know how important this is.
Citlali: There's no time to lose. Let's go.
Xilonen: Alright, everyone. When we meet again, it will be to deliver the Ancient Name.
Paimon: Good luck, you two!
Paimon: Three days, huh... What should we do in the meantime? We know you're still rebuilding, so is there anything we can do to help?
Mavuika: From what I've heard, the two of you have helped more than enough. You should take a well-deserved rest.
Mavuika: Even if there are stray Abyss monsters out there, our warriors can handle them. Don't worry.
Traveler: Still, if things haven't returned to normal...
Paimon: Exactly! We can't take a break! We're adventurers! We've gotta live up to the name!
Paimon: We still have a long journey ahead of us and so many places to go! The battle in three days is just another part of our adventure!
Mavuika: Haha, I see. In that case, just do what you think is best.
Traveler: What about you?
Mavuika: This final battle is extremely important to me — the culmination of my life's work. Still, I think you've got the right idea.
Mavuika: I'm also going to follow my heart. I plan on using these three days to calm my mind and work on a painting.
Paimon: Oh? You know how to paint?
Mavuika: I just learned, actually. I hear it takes a lot of practice to get any good.
Mavuika: It could be anything, though. What I really enjoy is the process of getting better at something through practice. It's how I relax.
Mavuika: Of course, that's only when I have the time. I'm usually too busy.
Paimon: So, that's how you relax... Well, it definitely seems like your style.
Traveler: We'll leave you to it, then.
Mavuika: Alright. Let's go our separate ways for now.
Paimon: So, if Mavuika relaxes by working really hard at something... That basically means she never takes a break, right? Wow, she's definitely something else...
Paimon: Oh, uh... hello? Sorry, Mavuika's not here right now.
Mualani: There you are!
Kachina: *panting*... We made it.
Traveler: Why are you so out of breath?
Mualani: Haha, other than our plan almost falling through? Nothing at all!
Mualani: The preparations took longer than expected. We were so worried we wouldn't make it before you left on your next big adventure.
Kachina: Well, if you hadn't overslept...
Mualani: Details, details. Anyway, come on! Let's go to the People of the Springs!
Paimon: Hold on! Tell us what's going on first.
Mualani: Oh, yeah, haha. Jumped the gun a bit there, didn't I? Basically, we know about your super important mission coming up, and we want to give you a proper send-off!
Mualani: Before the Pilgrimage, we usually hold a huge feast! All you can eat, with meat by the tableful!
Paimon: Ooh! All you can eat!?
Mualani: I knew that would pique your interest, Paimon. You can eat to your heart's content. You won't wanna miss out, I promise!
Mualani: Of course, there's not just meat, but also all kinds of fruit, vegetables, desserts, drinks, you name it! You won't be disappointed!
Paimon: That sounds amazing! We're in!
Traveler: Didn't you just say we need to live up to our title as adventurers?
Paimon: Well, the best adventurers know how to go with the flow, right?
Paimon: Plus, it sounds like this feast is in your honor. If you don't show up, everyone's hard work will be for nothing!
Kachina: It's our fault for not telling you earlier, so it's okay if you can't make it. Still, if you're not busy, we'd really like you to be there. It won't take up too much of your time!
Kachina: It'll be super fun! Plus, all our friends will be there.
Traveler: Okay!
Paimon: YES! Let's go eat!
Paimon: #Huh? What's the hold up, Traveler? Did you think of something?
Traveler: Why don't we invite Mavuika?
Paimon & Kachina & Mualani: Huh!?
Paimon: I—Isn't she painting?
Kachina: Is that okay? It's not like we prepared anything fancy...
Mualani: W—Well, I definitely wasn't expecting that suggestion. She's the Archon, after all. Maybe it's not our place...
Mualani: But, we might as well extend the invitation! The Archon is about to fight for us with everything she has! This feast is in her honor, too!
Kachina: Um, then who's gonna be the one to invite her?
Mualani: All of us, of course!
Traveler: Is something wrong?
Traveler: Resting isn't my style.
Traveler: That way, I'll always remember how much you care about me.
Paimon: Okay... then, please don't do anything reckless! That's what Paimon's trying to avoid!
Traveler: That way, it'll be just like fishing with you cheering me on.
Paimon: Uh, not sure what fishing has to do with anything, but... If you're making weird analogies, guess that means you're not nervous.
Traveler: We have to be the ones to do this.
Traveler: That won't be a problem.

## Talk 2

Mavuika: Come in.
Mavuika: Oh, it's you four. Is there something you need?
Paimon: We're here to invite you to the People of the Springs for a feast!
Mavuika: Ah, I see. This is a special kind of feast, isn't it?
Mualani: Exactly! It's a tradition to hold a feast before battle! We couldn't miss out on this opportunity. It's our way of cheering you on!
Kachina: Plus, I always wanted to do something to thank you for saving me from the Night Kingdom...
Mavuika: That was my duty. Besides, it's all in the past now. You don't owe me anything.
Mavuika: Although, this feast does sound rather interesting.
Mualani: So, you'll come?
Mavuika: Of course. No need to notify Amina in advance. I'll just surprise her, haha.
Mavuika: You don't need to turn this into some kind of grand banquet on my account.
Mavuika: I'll try my best to attend as an ordinary person, not an Archon.
Paimon: It's not like you're the type to pull rank or something.
Mavuika: True, but my presence changes the way people act. I just don't want to spoil the fun — a lot of things can change once an Archon is involved.
Mavuika: Barbecue is best fresh off the grill. And still, people will insist on waiting for me to eat first.
Paimon: Oh, yeah... Paimon can see that...
Mualani: Don't worry, I'll jump in if that happens! I can throw manners to the wind, no problem!
Mavuika: No need, I can take care of it. Anyway, thank you for inviting me. It really means a lot.
Traveler: What about your painting?
Mavuika: I don't need to finish it. I enjoy the process, but now there's something more interesting to do.
Kachina: Th—Then, let's go together! The main dish should be ready soon!

## Talk 3

Kinich: Amina, there's been another delivery.
Amina: You're kidding! ANOTHER one?
Kinich: Just like the others — they heard about the feast and wanted to send something to contribute.
Amina: But, this is just a small send-off. What are we going to do with all this stuff?
Amina: Then again, I understand where they're coming from... I'll deal with it. *sigh* What a headache... If this continues, half of this stuff's gonna go bad before we get to it...
Amina: HUH!? You... you're here already!? And you've even brought the...
Amina: A—Archon!? What are you doing here?
Mualani: We invited her! She agreed to come as a surprise guest!
Amina: Surprise is putting it lightly... Sorry, sorry. I'm happy you're here, it's just...
Mavuika: No apology necessary. What's going on?
Amina: Well, I started spreading the word about the send-off, just around the area, like usual. A lot of people are still busy repairing their homes, so I didn't think many people would come.
Amina: But, the turnout has been overwhelming. Not to mention, we've received a small mountain of deliveries. There's no way we can use all this stuff.
Mualani: That's our Star Outlander's popularity for you!
Traveler: So, you remember that nickname...
Paimon: You're saying... everyone's here because of us?
Amina: Yep! The news about your impending mission with the Pyro Archon has spread all over Natlan.
Amina: Plus, you were amazing in the recent battle. A lot of people are here just to thank you, or wish you good luck.
Amina: Basically, this whole thing is happening because so many people wanted to see you.
Kinich: Still, we definitely weren't expecting you to show up with the Pyro Archon.
Traveler: It was my idea.
Paimon: #Yeah! Mavuika and Traveler are in this together! They both deserve a celebration.
Amina: Well, this is the perfect excuse to throw an even bigger party! All this extra stuff was gonna go to waste, anyway...
Mavuika: No need to go to all that trouble on my account. That's not why I'm here.
Mavuika: Besides, with so much of our nation in ruins, resources are still scarce. Extra spending for my sake is the last thing we need.
Amina: That's true...
Amina: *sigh* Party-planning isn't easy. I can handle the big picture, but I'm not used to dealing with the finer details. That was always Auntie Atea's job...
Amina: Sorry, I'm just feeling a bit in over my head.
Paimon: Oh, speaking of Atea, how is she? Is she feeling any better?
Kachina: ...
Mualani: Actually, there's something we haven't told you...
Mualani: Auntie Atea passed away not long after the attack on our tribe.
Paimon: ...What?
Mavuika: When you brought me her talisman, I knew her end was near. Luckily, I got the chance to see her one last time.
Mavuika: She was a hero to the very end. Even though her body was at its breaking point, she showed no pain or sorrow.
Mavuika: In her final moments, her thoughts were entirely with her tribe and her people.
Mavuika: Gatherings like this remind me of her and the parties she loved to organize. So, I decided to attend in her memory.
Traveler: So, you already knew...
Kachina: We didn't mean to hide anything from you. It's just... there was never a good time to bring it up.
Mualani: Cheer up, everyone! Auntie Atea wouldn't want us to remember her with tears!
Mualani: Parties like this were her specialty, but now it's up to us to carry on her legacy! So, we can't let her down — believe me, she has high standards!
Paimon: Yeah, that sounds about right...
Mualani: So, come on, let's get to work, everyone! Oh, uh... Chief Amina and our guests of honor excluded! Kachina, Kinich, time to go!
Kachina: Wait, you don't have to drag me...
Mavuika: Amina, you mentioned something about a surplus of supplies. I may have a solution...
Mavuika: First, invite anyone who comes to deliver supplies to stay for the gathering.
Mavuika: If it's a caravan, ask them to extend an invitation to the sender, as well.
Mavuika: Make it clear in the invitation that anyone is welcome to attend, but you're no longer accepting donations.
Mavuika: In addition, all leftover supplies will be purchased by the Speaker's Chamber, sorted, and donated to the appropriate areas.
Amina: Th—That would be such a big help, Archon! Thank you!
Amina: I'll get on it, right away!
Paimon: Amazing plan, Mavuika! It was clear, concise, and organized... But, uh, weren't you trying to keep this small?
Mavuika: I don't mind increasing the size of the gathering, I just didn't want it to be because of me.
Mavuika: My approach to problem-solving is always the same. Different solutions lead to different outcomes. The method may change, but the "right choice" is always grounded in logic and reason.
Paimon: Whoa, Paimon feels like she just learned a thing or two!
Paimon: Well, should we take a walk while everyone finishes the preparations?
Traveler: I mean, we are the guests of honor.
Mavuika: Sounds good. A casual stroll can be hard to come by. Let's go.

## Talk 4

Kinich: Huh, still no label... If I want to know who sent this, guess the box will be my only clue.

## Talk 5

Ororon: The Pyro Archon is right. I still have a long way to go, but I will have time to grow.

## Talk 6

Iansan: Alright, break time! Get some water, and let me know if you start to feel dizzy.
Iansan: I'll take things from here.

## Talk 7

Kinich: Hm, this box is missing a label... Oh, it's you. What's up?
Paimon: Nothing! We're just taking a look around!
Traveler: What have you been up to?
Kinich: Well, everyone's busy rebuilding the tribes, so there's not a lot of saurian hunting work out there.
Kinich: But, the Pyro Archon assigned me a special mission.
Paimon: Oh, really?
Mavuika: That's a bit of an exaggeration — I just asked Kinich to help identify some of the unknown casualties from the battle.
Mavuika: The fighting consumed all of Natlan. Countless humans and saurians were dragged into the conflict. So, a lot of investigative work is required to confirm their identities.
Kinich: Just like a detective, I only have tiny details to work with. The goal is to deduce their habits and find evidence to corroborate their identity.
Kinich: It's tricky work, but we have every reason to keep going.
Paimon: Because Natlan's heroes deserve to be remembered... right?
Mavuika: Exactly. That is how we, as the living, respect our heroes and the value of their lives.
Mavuika: So, let me know if you need extra help, Kinich.
Kinich: I'm doing fine for now. The teams searching for the fallen need the help more than me. The longer we take to find the dead, the harder it will be to piece things together.
Mavuika: Understood. Thank you for your hard work.
Kinich: Just doing my part.

## Talk 8

Kachina: Mualani, it's almost time for the feast!
Kachina: Maybe we should send the drinks out first? There's a bunch of guests here already.
Mualani: Yep, yep! I'm making the juice as we speak... Oh, right! The ice!
Kachina: Huh!? Oh, you scared me! Sorry, we're a little busy in the kitchen right now, but the food is almost ready!
Mualani: AJAW! Get out of the ice bucket!
Ajaw: The Almighty Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw will not tolerate this stifling hut! We seek a cool place of repose. This bucket suits our taste.
Mualani: Great, now we can't use any of this ice. HEY! This is your mess! Get back here!
Mualani: Kachina, Ajaw is on the run. Help me catch him!
Kachina: O—Okay...! Sorry, I gotta help with Ajaw.
Paimon: As usual, Ajaw brings chaos wherever he goes.
Mavuika: Lively, isn't it?
Mavuika: Leave this to me, Kachina.
Ajaw: What is this? Who dares lay a hand on the Almighty... Tch, Mavuika.
Mavuika: I got him, Mualani.
Mualani: Expert Ajaw-wrangling, Archon! Thank you!
Ajaw: You shall utter our name with more reverence! Or we shall... or I'll get Kinich to... ask you to apologize.
Paimon: Some dragonlord you are, if you need your "servant" to protect you...
Mualani: Ajaw ruined an entire bucket of ice. We have others, but still... That was not cool! How should he be punished, Archon?
Mavuika: Let me think...
Mavuika: Seems like you could use some extra hands around here. Ajaw, help out in the kitchen.
Ajaw: What? The Almighty Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw shall not be reduced to a menial kitchen laborer...
Mavuika: I wasn't asking.
Ajaw: ...Understood.
Kachina: Ajaw, you have to learn to be good at some point.
Mualani: Well? Hop to it! There's a pile of vegetables with your name on it! You need to wash every leaf!
Ajaw: H—Help! Someone save meeeeee!

## Talk 9

Black Screen Text: For now, you set aside your troubles to savor the delicious food and this happy occasion.
Mualani: So... full. I'm practically a Blubberbeast, hehe...
Kachina: Wh—What's that?
Mualani: A creature from Fontaine with a super round belly... You've never seen a picture of one?
Kachina: Aw, it sounds so cute!
Paimon: Paimon can vouch for their cuteness! You can pat their belly, and they'll even join in!
Iansan: That reminds me of my saurian companion. Her name was Emela. She wasn't the sharpest Tatankasaur, but she was incredibly brave.
Iansan: When there was nothing to do, she would lounge around the tribe without making a sound, even if you bumped into her. Sometimes, visitors would think she was all passed out!
Iansan: But, she was completely different once we were on the move. When she was little, I took her on all sorts of adventures. But, saurians grow a lot faster than humans. Before long, she was the one dragging me all over the place.
Paimon: Wow, she must have been a great fighter to keep up with you!
Iansan: Yeah, she was tough. Varesa told me she was amazing in the final battle...
Iansan: I had to defend the Stadium, so... I never got the chance to see her one last time. It was a choice I had to make, but it was hard to accept.
Iansan: Sorry, I didn't mean to bring down the mood. I'll just get to the important part...
Iansan: I actually saw her in my dreams the past few nights! It felt so real, like it was really her.
Iansan: She gave me a ride, and we traveled all around Natlan together. We were both so happy.
Mualani: Wait, now that you mention it...
Mualani: I've had dreams of Auntie Atea! She was her typical self — brave and stern, always with that indescribable warmth.
Mualani: I've never had a dream that felt so real. Just like you said, it felt like I actually got to see her again!
Ororon: So, it wasn't just me...
Paimon: Wait, you've had dreams, too? Don't tell Paimon you dreamt of your aphids or something...
Ororon: It wasn't just them. Some of the Gramps and Grannies who looked after me were there, too.
Ororon: Growing up, I could always hear a degree of guilt in the way they spoke to me. It's why they never asked anything of me, why they gave me so much freedom.
Ororon: I never wanted things to be that way. But, even in my own dreams, nothing changed... They sounded exactly the same, just like real life.
Kachina: The same thing happened to me! I dreamt of Ayo's grandparents.
Paimon: Ayo... Oh, right! Your saurian companion.
Kachina: Ayo's grandparents fell to the Abyss during the battle... So, it's been really hard for him. He's barely been eating.
Kachina: I set up a tent near his home so I could be there for him, and I had a dream that his grandparents came back.
Kachina: I was so happy. In the dream, Ayo seemed like his normal self again. But, it was only for a moment, and then I woke up...
Kachina: In real life, Ayo is still struggling. He barely sleeps or eats... But, it's alright! I'll be there for him!
Traveler: (Everyone's had dreams, including me. Could they be related somehow?)
Paimon: #Traveler? Chasca? Did you two... Oh, um, sorry. Never mind...
Chasca: ...Heh, when did this become story hour?
Chasca: Still, I have nothing to hide. I dreamt about Chuychu.
Chasca: She told me I felt like a completely different person. She said I'm going down the right path, so she doesn't need to pick fights with me anymore.
Chasca: Maybe your dreams felt real, but the Chuychu I saw was nothing like her "real" self. She would never say anything like that to me.
Chasca: It was a dream, nothing more.
Iansan: Sorry. I shouldn't have brought this up in the first place.
Chasca: It's fine. I'm the one being a buzzkill...
Paimon: #W—Well, what about you, Traveler? Did you have a special dream?
Black Screen Text: You tell everyone about your dream, including The Captain and the souls...
Mualani: You're kidding! The Captain?
Iansan: D—Does that mean you have some kind of secret connection to him?
Paimon: No! Of course not!
Ororon: #Maybe Traveler's dream is a different kind of phenomenon...
Mavuika: I may know the cause of the dreams. At the end of the battle, I launched a special kind of Night War by using the power of the divine throne.
Mavuika: Its great power allowed the Ode of Resurrection to bring back all casualties, independent of the time of victory, or the possession of an Ancient Name.
Mavuika: In addition, the power of the divine throne revitalized the souls and memories within the Night Kingdom, allowing them to take the form of their past selves.
Mavuika: Even after the battle, that effect still lingers. That's why those you lost were able to reappear in your dreams.
Mavuika: #But, I agree with Ororon... Traveler's dream is likely a different matter.
Ororon: The shamans of my tribe often receive visions of the future through dreams... Is that what you're suggesting?
Mavuika: Yes, exactly.
Paimon: #So, Traveler saw... The Captain's future?
Ororon: It's still unclear. But, Granny taught me how to interpret dreams. Would it be okay if I try to take a look?
Ororon: If I can observe your soul, I can find out the key elements of the dream.
Traveler: That's incredible.
Traveler: That power reminds me of someone.
Ororon: You're thinking of the Dendro Archon, right? My tribe's power over dreams is nothing compared to that of an Archon.
Ororon: Observing the dreamscape requires a ritual and can only reveal static images. We also need the full cooperation of the dreamer.
Ororon: Otherwise, the process could be used to violate the privacy of others...
Mavuika: #I also have a fairly good understanding of the ritual. What do you say, Traveler? Should we start the preparations?
Traveler: I'm curious about The Captain.
Traveler: I want to know about his true goal...
Ororon: Then, I'll start getting ready. We'll carry out the ceremony somewhere else.

## Talk 10

Cahuia: Home... Here... Home...
Citlali: She's one of the souls that overflowed from the Night Kingdom. She can no longer go back there.
Cahuia: Home... Home...
Paimon: We're sorry... If there was anything we could do...
Cahuia: Home...
Cahuia: Ho...
Cahuia: ...
Xilonen: She's at her limit. Just getting here has taken all her strength.
Citlali: Ugh...
Poloa: Let me go back... Let me go...
Citlali: The Night Kingdom isn't responding. *sigh* That means its doors are closed...
Poloa: Why...
Poloa: I... fought... my entire life... I... believed... the Lord of the Night... would...
Xilonen: I'm sorry. The Ley Lines are overwhelmed, and the Lord of Night has no strength left...
Poloa: Why... me...?
Poloa: Who... am I?
Poloa: Does it even matter... who I am...?
Paimon: Of course you matter! Wait!
Traveler: He's gone.
Citlali: Absolute helplessness... that's what he felt in his final moments. I could sense it.
Citlali: I'm sorry...

## Talk 11

Ororon: I never knew you could make it this way. This formula is new to me...
Mavuika: Your granny never taught you about incense-making?
Ororon: No, she usually just lists off the ingredients and tells me to follow the formula...
Mavuika: Haha, then you still have a lot to learn from her.
Mavuika: #Alright, we're ready, Traveler. Once you head inside, you'll fall into a brief sleep.
Mavuika: Ororon will interpret the dreamscape, but you won't feel a thing.
Ororon: That's right. Everything's all set.
Paimon: So, you just need to take a nap? Sounds easy enough.
Traveler: See ya later.
Ororon: ...
Ororon: Th—This is...
Black Screen Text: You sleep for a brief period. When you open your eyes again, the ceremony appears to be over.
Mavuika: Here, have some water. It'll help to clear your head.
Paimon: #You're awake already, Traveler? That was fast...
Traveler: It felt like only a few minutes...
Mavuika: It was enough. What did you learn, Ororon?
Ororon: The person next to The Captain... I've seen him before. He was the one who tried to possess me back at the ruin.
Paimon: Huh? It was him!? Guthred, right? The military doctor?
Ororon: So, you know that name, too...
Paimon: Yeah! The Captain told us about him when we were helping Iansan.
Paimon: He was the one who developed the Draught of Lucidity, a drug that can help people with hallucinations.
Ororon: I see...
Ororon: After the battle, I returned to my tribe and began searching through our records of the catastrophe five hundred years ago. Even though my encounter with him was brief, I managed to track down some information...
Ororon: The records said he was cold and decisive. Like The Captain, he was formidable in battle, but the two upheld very different ideas of justice.
Paimon: So, he didn't have The Captain's sense of... honor?
Mavuika: That makes sense. The best partners are those who complement each other.
Paimon: Wait, if there are records of all this, that must mean The Captain was famous in Natlan!
Mavuika: Yes, but unless he brings up his past, few are likely to make the connection between a Fatui Harbinger and Thrain, one of Natlan's legendary heroes.
Ororon: Guthred is also a respected figure in our nation. The story of how he sacrificed himself for Natlan is a pretty famous tribal legend.
Ororon: But, there's still something I don't understand. I'm the only one who saw him. You shouldn't be able to dream of someone you've never met...
Ororon: And yet... The figure in your dream looked exactly like him.
Mavuika: #I don't think that's a coincidence. I believe what Traveler saw was Guthred's soul.
Ororon: But didn't he die hundreds of years ago? There's no way his soul could have survived that long...
Paimon: Maybe he found his way to the Night Kingdom for a little bit?
Mavuika: No, the Night Kingdom only accepts the souls of Natlan. It's always been that way. The Ruler of Death likely wanted to prevent the Ode of Resurrection from being abused.
Ororon: When I was with The Captain, I could hear something coming from him, souls that were not his own. I heard voices of sorrow and pain, sometimes faint, sometimes strong.
Paimon: Wait, are you saying The Captain has had Guthred's soul inside of him all along!?
Ororon: That's the part I don't understand. Ordinary people shouldn't be able to carry the souls of others...
Ororon: It's only possible for me because my situation is unique. And, even then, you saw what happened... The Lord of the Night's voice triggers a violent reaction in those with fragmented souls.
Traveler: But The Captain didn't react at all.
Ororon: I even checked his soul myself. It's resilient, radiant, and entirely in one piece.
Paimon: Maybe it has something to do with Guthred, then...
Ororon: It's very possible.
Ororon: It's still too early to tell, but the continued existence of Guthred's soul is likely the key to figuring out The Captain's true intentions.
Mavuika: I agree.
Paimon: The Captain never revealed anything to you? The two of you worked together for quite some time...
Ororon: No, he rarely talked about himself. We were united in our efforts to save Natlan, but it never went beyond that.
Mavuika: Let's come back to this later. One final step, and we save Natlan for good. That must be our focus.
Mavuika: I'll tell the officials at the Speaker's Chamber to monitor The Captain. Nevertheless, I doubt his goal will interfere with our plan.
Paimon: Yeah, he's definitely up to something, but there are far more important things for Paimon to worry about...
Paimon: Like, if Paimon had to rate her level of worry... The Captain gets maybe fifty points. But, considering the final battle, you two get at least two thousand!
Mavuika: In any case, conjecture will only get us so far. It might be more useful for you to ask The Captain directly, Ororon. With any luck, he might just tell you the truth.
Ororon: Huh? M—Me...?
Mavuika: Don't tell me you haven't noticed his respect for you? The First of the Fatui Harbingers doesn't work with just anyone.
Mavuika: Fortune favors the bold. So, if you ask me, posing the question directly is the wiser choice.
Ororon: I'm not so sure... But I'll give it a try.
Mavuika: Alright, let's head back and enjoy the party.

## Talk 12

Black Screen Text: After you return, everyone enjoys the gathering until sundown.
Amina: #Thank you so much for coming, everyone! As this gathering comes to a close, let's hear it for the Pyro Archon and Traveler one last time!
Kinai: Good luck!
Caipa: You've got this!
Mualani: For Natlan!
Mavuika: Thank you, everyone. Today has meant so much to me. It's been a long time since I had the chance to truly relax.
Paimon: Yeah! Today was great!
Traveler: Thank you very much.
Amina: Well, that concludes the send-off! Everyone is free to go. Any volunteers willing to stick around for clean-up, follow me!
Mualani: Oh, I'm in!
Mavuika: Alright, I'm going to head back to the Stadium. I'm sure there's a lot of work to make up at the Speaker's Chamber.
Paimon: Wait, what happened to taking a break?
Mavuika: There is no break from the responsibilities of an Archon. Anyone else heading to the Stadium? We can go together.
Chasca: Yeah, I'll come. There's a few things I want to pick up before I head home. No one really needs a peacemaker right now, so I think I'll spend some time with my parents.
Paimon: Okay, see you soon!
Ororon: Time for me to head back, too... Oh, wait! I should stop by Ifa's place first.
Ororon: I need to make sure he's taking care of my radishes.
Paimon: Of course you do... Well, safe travels!
Kinich: I should also get going. Bye for now, everyone.
Paimon: Oh, wait! Paimon wanted to ask something... Where was Ajaw this whole time?
Kinich: Ajaw's not exactly a good party guest — unless you prefer parties with less food and more insults.
Traveler: So, you put him in a timeout?
Paimon: Heh, what goes around comes around!
Iansan: I'm gonna go, too! Good luck with your Ancient Name!
Iansan: Not sure if you already know this, but being the first bearer of your name is a huge honor in Natlan. It comes with a lot of responsibility.
Iansan: But, I'm sure your deeds will be remembered for generations to come! I believe in you!
Traveler: Thank you.
Kachina: Well, guess I should head out, too. It's gonna be super late by the time I get back...
Kachina: I think I'll go see Xilonen. She's probably done with your Ancient Name by now. I can check for you!
Traveler: So soon?
Kachina: Yeah! Xilonen is an amazing engraver! She usually works really fast, but your ancient name is a special case, so I can't say for sure...
Paimon: Well, we also don't have anything to do, so why don't we go together?
Traveler: Sounds good.
Kachina: Oh, it's okay! I'm not alone — Turbo Twirly's with me!
Kachina: Still, if you want to check on the progress, we should definitely go together! Getting an Ancient Name is such a special moment!
Paimon: Whoo, let's go!
Ajaw: H—Help! Someone save meeeeee!
Traveler: At this time of night, it's dangerous to go alone.

## Talk 13

Kachina: Wait, that's Hanwi... Hey, Hanwi! What are you doing here?
Kachina: Oh, let me introduce you — this is Ayo's mom!
Paimon: Hello!
Hanwi: Roar, roar!
Kachina: Oh no, you seem worried... Is something wrong?
Kachina: She left! C'mon, let's follow her!

## Talk 14

Paimon: Hey, this is where we met Toto, isn't it?
Kachina: Yeah, but Toto probably won't be able to come back here for a while.
Kachina: During the battle, Toto refused to leave this place. Monsters started closing in, and he got really injured... But, an amazing doctor saved his life!
Kachina: The doctor said he refused to leave because of his "territorial instincts." I have a different idea, though...
Kachina: Toto is a gentle creature — he's not aggressive or territorial. He loves his home and wants to share that with everyone in the area.
Kachina: I don't like conflict or violence, either — Toto and I are similar in that way. But, we want to protect the things we love from being destroyed. So... we chose to fight.
Kachina: Love is an extremely positive and powerful emotion, but sometimes it comes with pain — that's what my dad always says.
Kachina: Now, I finally understand what he meant.
Traveler: You and Toto are both very brave.
Kachina: It's alright. This will all be over soon.
Kachina: The fact that I was born in this era, that I got to meet legendary heroes like you and our Archon... actually makes me feel really lucky.
Kachina: I've always wanted to see what Natlan would be like without the Abyss...
Kachina: And now, that day is just around the corner. I know you two can win this!
Paimon: Yeah, it's time to get this over with. We've still got a long journey ahead of us!
Traveler: Thanks, you two.
Kachina: C'mon, we're almost there!
Traveler: I'll give it my all.
Traveler: I'm sorry you had to grow up so fast.

## Talk 15

Citlali: Oh, it's you two. The party's over, I'm guessing...
Paimon: Huh? You knew about that?
Citlali: Of course! Everyone in Natlan is rooting for you.
Citlali: Xilonen is working on the last part of your Ancient Name. It's best not to bother her when she's in the zone.
Citlali: Your Name is a special case. There were quite a few headaches along the way, which slowed the progress.
Traveler: This is already faster than I expected.
Citlali: I told Xilonen, if we hurry, we might make it to the feast in time to snag the last round of barbecue.
Citlali: I was just teasing, but she gave it some serious thought, nodded, and really hit the ground running after that... It's like my joke lit a fire under her or something.
Paimon: Sounds like she really wanted that barbecue.
Citlali: Yeah, it's a favorite in her tribe. I bet she still hasn't realized the feast is already over...
Paimon: Wait, should we go make some for her, then?
Traveler: Yeah, if she's looking forward to it that much.
Xilonen: I appreciate the thought, but there's no need. I can tell what time it is — the light outside is a dead giveaway.
Xilonen: Besides, I knew it was a joke. But, we were having a serious conversation at the time, so I decided to give a serious response.
Citlali: ...
Paimon: ...
Xilonen: *ahem* Anyway, I have something more important to show you. Here, take a look.
Paimon: WOW! It's your Ancient Name!
Xilonen: "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini"... a name surfaced from the very bottom of the river of souls. It means "hope."
Citlali: A light to guide us through the darkness, like the stars or the moon... It's a perfect fit.
Paimon: Amazing! Does this name come with a cool chant like the others?
Xilonen: #Of course, but that'll come later. Traveler is the first bearer of this name — those words will emerge naturally during his journey.
Xilonen: Once you return triumphant from the battle, I'm sure you will have fully understood why the Lord of the Night chose this name for you.
Traveler: Everything's ready...
Paimon: Well, getting this Name turned out to be easier than Paimon was expecting.
Xilonen: It all came down to the Lord of the Night's power. This situation is the first of its kind. Heck, I doubt we'll ever get a chance like this again.
Citlali: Imagine receiving that much help from the Lord of the Night only for our most trusted engraver to fail... That would have been so embarrassing for humanity.
Xilonen: Success was never a question. You just like to make things seem dramatic. It's all those novels you read...
Citlali: Hey, it's not like I wanted you to fail! When you've been alive as long as me, you learn that anything can happen!
Paimon: Okay, okay. It all worked out in the end...
Xilonen: Your Name was successfully forged, and it passed all my technical tests... But there's still one more step.
Xilonen: We need to make sure the name has accepted you, and will function normally in your possession.
Citlali: An outlander has never received an Ancient Name before. I wouldn't be surprised if something equally unprecedented happens when you connect to it...
Paimon: So you're saying, it's still too early to celebrate...?
Paimon: Well, when it comes to something this important, we can't leave anything to chance. Let's run this final test!
Xilonen: Don't worry, the process is simple. We can find a quiet place to test it out after dinner.
Xilonen: Basically, I need to observe whether your soul can connect to the Ley Lines, and make sure there are no signs of rejection.
Citlali: Last time, you essentially "barged into" the Night Kingdom, but now, we must make sure that it will truly accept you.
Citlali: Just leave it to me — I'm a professional.
Traveler: Just like that...
Xilonen: Oh, and you can have the Pilgrim's Chronicle back.
Paimon: Huh? It wasn't destroyed?
Xilonen: If forging an Ancient Name consumed the memories used to create it, the first person to bear the name would never be remembered.
Xilonen: The Pilgrim's Chronicle is still the most significant proof of your adventures in Natlan.
Traveler: Thank you.
Citlali: No need to make a fuss... Let's go eat. I'm starving.
Xilonen: C'mon, I'll take you to my favorite barbecue place.
Citlali: Hah, barbecue! See? I knew you couldn't resist!
Xilonen: Oh, I forgot to mention... The place has top-tier alcohol as well.
Citlali: Well, what are we waiting for? Hop to it, people!
Black Screen Text: You enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner together. It seems to be Xilonen and Citlali's first meal of the day.
Black Screen Text: The alcohol is equally delicious, but out of respect for the test that will come next, Citlali only takes a few sips.
Black Screen Text: After the meal, Xilonen heads back to retrieve her tools while you wait outside with Citlali.
Paimon: Is something on your mind, Citlali? You barely had anything to drink at dinner...
Citlali: Heh, I didn't think anything could shake me at this age...
Citlali: But, the closer we get to the final battle, the more worried I feel... You have an Ancient Name now, but the Ode of Resurrection only takes effect if you win.
Citlali: And, the Pyro Archon's fate... is pointing toward "death."
Traveler: No fate is set in stone.
Citlali: ...
Citlali: I believe in you... And, thank you — your words mean a lot.
Xilonen: Alright, I'm ready... Oh, is something wrong?
Paimon: No, not at all! Citlali just... ate too much!
Citlali: Yes, that's right! So, I should really walk it off. C'mon, let's run the final test.
Traveler: We will achieve victory together.
Traveler: Now, we just need to strike.

## Talk 16

Paimon: V—Vichama!? Is that you!?
Vichama: Oh... I know you.
Vichama: I didn't think we would meet again, especially like this.
Vichama: Using the Spiritspeaker Stone meant so much to me... Thank you, Citlali. I finally have the chance to say that in person.
Citlali: Enough of that... What happened to you?
Traveler: You... didn't make it through the battle?
Paimon: Wait, you're from the Scions of the Canopy! During the battle, your tribe was...!
Vichama: It's okay. The battle finally gave me the chance to fulfill my dream.
Vichama: Back then, I missed my chance at the Night Warden Wars. I wasn't about to let that happen twice.
Vichama: I scouted the location and direction of the attacks, so I could tell Chief Wayna the safest way to evacuate.
Vichama: Those with grappling hooks escaped through the air. Everyone else banded together on the ground to break through the front.
Vichama: But, people needed information, so I stayed behind until the very end.
Xilonen: ...You're a true hero.
Vichama: Thank you, but that's not why I did it.... I did it for the future of my tribe and the future of Natlan.
Vichama: The battle gave me back my sense of purpose. That's all I wanted.
Vichama: And, anyway, I was supposed to see Mallko again. I thought we would witness Natlan's rebirth together...
Vichama: But the Night Kingdom rejected me.
Paimon: Even though you're a hero of Natlan? How could that happen?
Citlali: I'm sorry... The Lord of the Night didn't do it on purpose, I can promise you that. The Ley Lines are in terrible shape. Even the Ode of Resurrection is no longer working like it should...
Vichama: I know... She can't help it, right?
Vichama: I get it. It just feels like fate is mocking me. Even in death... I won't ever get to be with Mallko again.
Citlali: No, it hasn't been long since the battle. The door to the Night Kingdom should still be open to you.
Citlali: Give me some time. I'll think of something.
Vichama: I—Is that even possible?
Citlali: It doesn't matter — I have to try. A hero of Natlan deserves a better fate than this!
Vichama: This feeling... Is this the Night Kingdom?
Citlali: Phew... Looks like this method worked on you.
Vichama: Thank you... Thank you so much! People don't always have the nicest things to say about you... But, shows what they know...
Citlali: Hmph, that's a given.
Citlali: I hope you come back to us soon, Vichama.
Vichama: If I may... What about the others? Can you save them, too?
Citlali: ...
Paimon: We're sorry.
Vichama: Don't apologize. You're doing everything you can. This isn't anyone's fault.
Vichama: Let this land bear witness to my final wish for this world...
Vichama: From now on, may every soul in Natlan find haven and home.
Citlali: I promise you, Vichama — I will not abandon the Ley Lines to their fate.
Traveler: Leave it to us.
Vichama: Thank you... People like you are the true heroes.
Vichama: Goodbye.

## Talk 17

Kachina: Phew, we're here! That was quite the trek.
Kachina: After you visit Xilonen, you should come over for dinner! You can stay the night, too. I'll help my parents get everything ready!
Paimon: We wouldn't want to impose...
Paimon: Let's see how things go with Xilonen first.
Kachina: Totally up to you! You're always welcome!
Kachina: Bye!
Paimon: When you think about it, we haven't actually known Kachina that long...
Paimon: Our journey in Natlan feels like it just started, and now it's about to end.
Traveler: There are still a lot of places we haven't seen.
Paimon: That's true! We'll just have to add them to the itinerary!
Paimon: Alright, time to go check on our... *ahem* your ancient name!

## Talk 18

Kachina: Oh, it's because of Ayo. *sigh* Still no change, huh... Poor thing.
Paimon: Oh, right... You said Ayo's grandparents died in the battle.
Kachina: Yeah. When the Abyss attacked, Ayo's entire family fought to defend our tribe.
Kachina: Ayo's parents made it through, but his grandparents weren't so lucky...
Kachina: The whole family was really close, and now, Ayo barely sleeps or eats. All he wants to do is look for them.
Kachina: Maybe he thinks his grandparents are still out there somewhere, but there's no bringing them back...
Kachina: Hey, Ayo... It's me! Feeling any better?
Kachina: I brought some steak for you. I know it's your favorite, and it's still warm... Want some?
Ayo: Roar...
Kachina: Nope. It's like he doesn't even know I'm here...
Paimon: #Traveler, doesn't this situation remind you of Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome?
Traveler: Kind of...
Kachina: Huh? What's Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome?
Paimon: According to The Captain, it's a kind of mental disorder that results from Abyssal contamination, even after its power has been purified.
Paimon: It can cause hallucinations, mental breakdowns... It's really dangerous.
Kachina: That does kind of sound like what's happening to Ayo, but I don't think he was contaminated by the Abyss...
Paimon: It's hard to say for sure. Still, Abyssal power was everywhere during the battle. Maybe it affected him indirectly...
Kachina: It's possible...
Traveler: We have a few doses of medicine on us.
Paimon: Yeah! That medicine was really effective against the worst cases. Since we don't have any other options, should we give it a try?
Kachina: Okay, but just a small amount. Since it was developed for humans, it might have a different effect on a saurian.
Paimon: Yeah, better safe than sorry!
Black Screen Text: After you administer the medicine, Ayo immediately perks up and scarfs down the steak in one bite!
Ayo: Roar!
Kachina: You're okay? I'm so relieved!
Kachina: Thank you so much! That medicine is amazing!
Hanwi & Anpao: Roar, roar...
Kachina: Done eating, Ayo? Then, you should get some rest. You've barely slept these past few days.
Ayo: Roar, roar!
Kachina: Okay, okay! You're full of energy, aren't you? Fine, I won't nag you. Just don't overdo it!
Ayo: Roar, roar!
Kachina: Thank you so much, you two. You helped save Ayo!
Kachina: Could you share some of that medicine with me? I want to be able to help someone else if I were to run into a similar situation.
Paimon: Of course.
Kachina: Y'know, I used take a lot of things for granted. Growing up, it's easy to think that everything around you will just exist forever.
Kachina: But the battle taught me that very few things in life are permanent. Like this path, for example... It's the same one we walked before, but now, the view is completely different.
Kachina: It makes the things we love even more precious. So, I want to do as much as I can to defend my family and friends, so I can move forward without regrets.
Traveler: I feel the same way.
Kachina: Actually, that's something I learned from you, hehe! You've really taught me a lot.
Traveler: You give me too much credit.
Paimon: Yeah! You're so talented and strong — practically a star pupil!
Kachina: R—Really? So, you think I'm doing a good job? I've been a good... disciple? Or, uh, student? Or, um...
Traveler: How about... friend?
Kachina: *tearful whimper*...
Kachina: Thank you! I... I won't let you down! I'll train even harder tomorrow!
Kachina: Hehe, alright, we're not far from the tribe. Let's go.
Kachina: Bye, Ayo! Bye, Hanwi! Bye, Anpao!
Traveler: You're a fast learner.

## Talk 19

Citlali: All set, Xilonen?
Xilonen: Just need to check one more thing, and... Yeah, okay! We're good!
Citlali: Alright, I'll stand next to you and monitor your connection to the Ley Lines. It shouldn't take long, but you need to look out for one thing.
Citlali: This test relies on the same principles as the Spiritspeaker Stone. I heard about what happened when you used it last time...
Paimon: Oh, yeah! Abyssal power kept surging out! If Chasca hadn't destroyed the stone, Vichama would have been consumed by the Abyss.
Citlali: That's exactly what I'm worried about. All this time, our final foe has continued to corrode the Ley Lines from the depths of the Night Kingdom.
Citlali: Your resistance to its power is remarkable, but you need to tell me if anything feels wrong.
Citlali: If either of us notices something off, the test ends, got it?
Traveler: I'll be fine.
Citlali: Don't worry, I'll use Elemental power to take care of that. This isn't exactly a picnic in the park, but everyone knows you never leave trash behind.
Citlali: Xilonen, I'm ready to start.
Citlali: Paimon, give us a little more space.
Paimon: Oh, okay!
Citlali: Let's do this.
Paimon: Whoa, that light is beautiful! It's exactly like when we used the Spiritspeaker Stone.
Citlali: Your connection to the Ley Lines looks good... I can sense the Lord of the Night.
Citlali: Your soul is remarkable. Such a strong presence... even on par with the Lord of the Night.
Citlali: Looks like the Lord of the Night has accepted this Name and acknowledged you as its bearer... No surprise there, considering we only got this far because of her.
Citlali: Stable connection to the Ley Lines, no unexpected fluctuations... Both good signs.
Citlali: #How do you feel, Traveler?
Traveler: All good.
Xilonen: Then, it looks like your Ancient Name is good to go. That's great news.
Paimon: Wait, look! Something's coming!
Citlali: No need to panic, Paimon. The damage to the Ley Lines has allowed these soul-like beings to leak out onto the surface.
Citlali: It's just because of the ritual. It makes it so that everyone can see them. I know they look like ghosts, but it shouldn't last long...
Citlali: A—Although, there shouldn't be this many!
Olaya: Home...
Cahuia: This... way...
Citlali: Xilonen, stop the test! We've already confirmed what we came here for!
Xilonen: Got it!
Paimon: Wh—What's going on?
Citlali: I see... It wasn't just escaped souls. The ritual attracted all the souls in the surrounding area.
Paimon: Surrounding area?
Citlali: The Night Kingdom is getting weaker by the day, especially in its capacity to accept souls. After death, many souls fail to return to the Ley Lines.
Citlali: Once a soul becomes lost, it can never return to the Night Kingdom. Lost souls can only wander listlessly, gradually fading from existence before disappearing entirely.
Poloa: Please... Take me back...
Zumalli: I... cannot... disappear...
Xilonen: So, the connection we established to the Night Kingdom... That's what drew them here?
Citlali: #Yes. Traveler's soul is powerful, so the echoes coming back from the Night Kingdom were loud and strong...
Citlali: Some of these souls never made it to the Ley Lines, others escaped from the Night Kingdom, and even more don't even come from Natlan... Complicated doesn't even begin to describe it.
Paimon: S—So, they've always been around? We just couldn't see them most of the time?
Traveler: Can we save them?
Citlali: We can try. Returning souls to the Ley Lines usually requires a complex ritual. But, we don't have time for that, and neither do they...
Citlali: That's exactly why my people turned to "vessels" like Ororon.
Citlali: He has a remarkable ability to perceive souls. Even after the failed ceremony, he made it his mission to travel around Natlan and return as many souls as possible.
Citlali: But, most of the time, having the ability to perceive souls means watching them wither away in agony, completely powerless to stop it...
Xilonen: So you're saying... There will always be those that we can't save?
Citlali: That's right, but saving some is still better than saving none at all. After all, souls that disappear can never be reborn...
Citlali: That has to be true loneliness... The knowledge that you've been abandoned by the world, even in death...
Traveler: Then, we have to do something.
Paimon: Yeah! We should try to save whoever we can!
Traveler: Completely normal.
Traveler: I'm more worried about Abyssal power leaking out.

## Talk 20

Iansan: Hello, you guys! Sorry for the wait. We're still setting up the venue.
Iansan: Hey, did I say you could take a break!? Keep pushing! This is the home stretch, and then we get to feast!
Huaccue: Yes, Coach!
Paimon: Are you still helping rebuild the tribes?
Iansan: That work is pretty much done, but I've discovered a lot more people with Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome in the process.
Iansan: So, I've been compiling patient records while helping them overcome the hallucinations. Thanks to The Captain, we have the Draught of Lucidity for the worst cases.
Mavuika: I heard about your efforts. The Speaker's Chamber can take it from here.
Mavuika: It's more effective to have a focused task force, and the Speaker's Chamber can contact the Fatui directly for more doses.
Iansan: The doctors at the Stadium aren't too busy?
Mavuika: The worst is over, so it should be fine. I'll confirm it myself later.
Mavuika: I'll be in touch with next steps. I just need you to compile all existing patient records to ease the transition.
Iansan: Understood, Archon! Although, I'd like to continue helping out with the treatment. I can't let everything I've learned go to waste.
Paimon: Wow, that's so responsible of you!
Iansan: Well, haha... Knowledge is power, after all.

## Talk 21

Paimon: Oh no... Saurian souls can be affected, too?
Citlali: Their souls are still intact... I should be able to help them.
Ayo (???): Roar, roar...
Paimon: Hold on, is that...!?
Traveler: Ayo?
Ayo: Roar...
Hnaska: ...
Xilonen: That's right, I recognize him, and the two souls next to him should be his grandparents. Kachina told me about what happened.
Xilonen: It all makes sense now. Ayo could barely sleep or eat because he sensed the presence of his grandparents.
Paimon: That must be why he looks so happy right now — they're finally reunited.
Ayo: Roar, roar...
Citlali: When was the last time Ayo slept?
Paimon: From what Kachina said, it's been a while. He hasn't been doing so hot lately.
Paimon: But, now that he's seen his grandparents again, he looks completely at ease.
Xilonen: Kachina's taken me to meet Ayo before. He's always been such an energetic little saurian. If he didn't want to sleep, even his parents couldn't make him.
Xilonen: But, whenever his grandparents started to sing to him, he would fall asleep in no time.
Xilonen: I think it's a song from when Ayo's father was a baby, or even before then.
Cetan: Roar, roar, roar...
Paimon: That's amazing... Ayo was so restless earlier, and now he's completely calm.
Ayo: ...
Paimon: Ayo can finally get a good night's sleep.
Paimon: Still... It's not like this can go on forever.
Citlali: No, their time is running out... I have to send them back to the Night Kingdom before it's too late.
Hnaska: Rawr!
Cetan: Roar, roar!
Paimon: Wh—What's wrong with them? They got super angry all of a sudden...
Xilonen: They don't want to go.
Citlali: I know you don't want to leave Ayo, but you can't stay here. You're running out of time.
Citlali: If you don't go back to the Night Kingdom now, you'll disappear in a few days!
Hnaska: Rawr!
Cetan: Roar, rawr!
Xilonen: They've made their position clear.
Xilonen: "We want to stay by his side, no matter what."
Ayo: ...
Xilonen: *sigh*...
Xilonen: We should respect their decision.
Citlali: I don't want to leave them to that fate... But, if this is what they want, then I can't separate them.
Paimon: What fate? You mean, like the other lost souls?
Cetan: Roar, roar, roar.
Citlali: Yes... They will gradually fade away, painfully and slowly, until nothing is left.
Citlali: But, that is their choice. For the next few days... At least Ayo will get a good night's sleep.
Traveler: We must save the Ley Lines.
Xilonen: That's the only way to prevent more souls from suffering the same fate.
Xilonen: Once all traces of Abyssal power are removed from the Night Kingdom, the Pyro Archon will restore the Ley Lines — that's the final step of her plan.
Paimon: So we're not just fighting for the living, but for the dead, too...
Traveler: That reminds me of the dream I had about The Captain...
Citlali: What dream?
Paimon: Oh yeah, you said The Captain had a bunch of these kinds of souls with him. Maybe they're looking for a home, too...
Paimon: ...But, it's impossible for Khaenri'ahns to enter the Night Kingdom, right?
Paimon: Although, it wouldn't be the first time The Captain tried to do the impossible.
Citlali: Even in its fully functional state, the Night Kingdom can't accept foreign souls. It's completely isolated from the Ley Lines of other nations.
Citlali: In theory, that means Khaenri'ahn souls shouldn't be drawn to the presence of the Night Kingdom. Something strange is going on...
Xilonen: One thing's for sure — it seems like The Captain wants to help these souls.
Paimon: Well, he usually keeps his cards close to his chest. If we want to know what he's up to, we just have to wait for him to act.
Paimon: Anyway, let's focus on the final battle. That's the most important thing right now.
Traveler: Agreed. Also...
Xilonen: I will.
Xilonen: Good or bad, happy or cruel, we always have to face the truth. Reality doesn't change just because we choose not to face it.
Citlali: I just wish I could have done more. So many souls, and I could barely help. I'm so sorry...
Paimon: Hey, don't apologize! None of this was your fault.
Citlali: I guess you're right... If we want to end this, we have to tackle the root of the problem — the Ley Lines.
Xilonen: It's just another reason why this battle is so important.
Xilonen: #Traveler, before you set off, remember to give your Ancient Name to the Pyro Archon. She will introduce it to our people and explain its meaning.
Xilonen: Then, the rest is up to you.
Traveler: Got it.
Paimon: And don't forget — we're all cheering for you!
Traveler: I'll try to remember everything I've learned on my journey.
Traveler: We should probably mention Ayo's grandparents to Kachina.

## Talk 22

Mavuika: Chasca.
Chasca: Hello, Archon. I'm fishing.
Paimon: Oh... Doesn't look like the fish are biting today.
Chasca: Yeah.
Chasca: ...
Paimon: Um...
Chasca: It's okay, you don't have to walk on eggshells around me. I know you can tell I'm not really trying to fish. But, gazing at the water puts me at ease...
Mavuika: I went to visit your parents, Chasca. Of course, I could only offer a few simple condolences...
Chasca: You helped a lot, actually. My mom has been doing much better since your visit.
Chasca: I've always been grateful to my parents for taking me in, but now I have an even deeper sense of responsibility.
Chasca: I'll never be able to replace Chuychu, but I will do everything in my power to pull them out of their loneliness and despair.
Mavuika: That's exactly what your mother is worried about. She doesn't want you to push yourself to make up for their loss. After all, it's your loss, too.
Mavuika: Grief is not something that can be measured against others. You don't need to make amends, Chasca. Your loss is a tragedy, not a debt.
Mavuika: In any case, they've always loved both of you. There's no need for you to become Chuychu when they love you just for yourself.
Chasca: ...
Paimon: Yeah! Don't put too much pressure on yourself!
Chasca: Thank you, everyone.
Chasca: Sounds like I owe my parents a conversation.

## Talk 23

Kachina: Hey, remember when you first arrived in Natlan? It was still light out, and we traveled on this road together!
Kachina: It was the day before the Pilgrimage, and we met up with Kinich and Mualani.
Paimon: Wow, feels like it was just yesterday!
Traveler: We've had a lot of adventures.
Kachina: Yeah! You saved me from the Night Kingdom, you helped us win that battle against the Abyss...
Kachina: And the final battle is just around the corner.
Traveler: We sent you off to battle. Now, you get to do the same.
Kachina: Huh? Oh, yeah... Hehe, you're right!
Kachina: I was so nervous the night before the Pilgrimage, but your words of encouragement made me feel a lot better!
Kachina: I slept so well that night, and earned the best score I've ever had in the Pilgrimage!
Kachina: #S—So, if you're nervous, Traveler, maybe I can encourage you this time...
Kachina: *sigh* I've learned so much from you. But, I doubt I can return the favor...
Traveler: Don't worry, I'm not nervous.
Kachina: #Hehe, I knew it! I really look up to your bravery, Traveler!
Kachina: Alright, let's keep going!
Traveler: I'm a little nervous.
Kachina: Oh, um... D—Don't worry! I'll be rooting for you! And, if you need help, I'll always be first in line!
Kachina: I bear the ancient name "Utha{RUBY#[D]Resilience}biti." That means I'll never give up! So, I guess the only piece of advice I can give you is... Don't back down!

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Ororon: #Oh, Gramps, Archon... I swear, I've been on my best behavior recently.
Paimon: *sigh* Paimon knows it's just how you talk, but you've gotta realize how suspicious that sounds, right?
Mavuika: Haha, I am curious, though... Are you still working with The Captain?
Ororon: No, I don't have a reason to follow him anymore, so my life is back to normal — growing vegetables, raising aphids...
Ororon: Well, maybe not completely normal. I'm still keeping tabs on the situation in the Night Kingdom... The Ley Lines are in a bad state.
Mavuika: We plan on bringing that to an end.
Ororon: #I know. You... and Gramps, right?
Ororon: You're going to become great heroes, and the most I can do is... weave a scroll of your deeds.
Paimon: Oh, you know how to do that?
Ororon: Most people from my tribe know the art, but I'm not very good... I can never seem to empty my mind.
Ororon: We commemorate the deeds of others as a form of inspiration. But, rather than waiting for someone else to be inspired, isn't it faster to just take things into your own hands?
Paimon: Well... There are always things we can't do on our own.
Mavuika: I wouldn't phrase it quite like that, but Paimon's not wrong.
Mavuika: Time will give you an answer. I know how you feel, Ororon. It took me a long time to find my place in the world.
Mavuika: I'm more mature now, but that passion, that drive to prove myself... I miss it sometimes. Maybe you'll change in the future, but you can still be proud of who you are now.
Ororon: You're saying... I need to live in the present?
Traveler: Just do what you think is right.
Ororon: Hm... Thank you, Archon. That's what I've always tried to do.

### Additional Talk 2

Kinai: If we don't solve the crisis in the Night Kingdom, war will continue to ravage our nation.
Kinai: We've achieved a brief moment of peace, but we can't get complacent. Even if it's not on the front lines, there are still things we can do.
Kinai: Like fortifying our defenses, eliminating remaining monsters, rebuilding our homes...
Kinai: And coming together like this to sing for you and offer our warmest blessings.

### Additional Talk 3

Caipa: Archon, what is it like in the depths of the Night Kingdom? We really can't go with you?
Mavuika: No, that region has been completely corroded by the Abyss. Without protection, an ordinary person would not last a minute.
Caipa: Oh... I guess we'd only get in your way... Then, this really is a battle reserved for the gods.
Mavuika: Fear not — I've been preparing for this moment a long time.
Mavuika: This duty is mine to bear, and I will succeed.

### Additional Talk 4

Chasca: Thank you for everything you said. I'll talk to my parents soon.

### Additional Talk 5

Ayele: Save me...
Citlali: Don't worry, I can help you. Just hold on.
Ayele: The... Night Kingdom...
Ayele: Thank you...
Ayele: You must be from the Masters of the Night-Wind. Would you tell me your name, kind soul?
Citlali: Citlali.
Ayele: Cit... lali...
Ayele: What a beautiful name...
Ayele: Dazzling... just like the stars in the sky.
Ayele: ...
Zumalli: I... can't... disappear...
Citlali: It hasn't been long since he died. I can still try to save him!
Zumalli: I... can't...
Zumalli: I... ■...
Zumalli: ■...■■...
Xilonen: Watch out, Citlali! The Abyss is corrupting him!
Zumalli: ■■...disappearing...you ■■...
Zumalli: ...
Xilonen: I'm sorry.
Xilonen: The Abyss has corrupted his soul from the inside. Even if we could send him back to the Night Kingdom, it would only make the situation worse.
Citlali: I know. If we were just a little quicker, we could have stripped away its power...
Citlali: ...But, it's too late. Let's go check on the others.

### Additional Talk 6

Mualani: You've got me curious about this dream, too! Be sure to come back and tell us what you learn!
Kachina: Yeah! And let us know if you need any help!

### Additional Talk 7

Ajaw: Little Kinich, think you can lock me away forever? Heh, we'll see who gets the last laugh!

### Additional Talk 8

Paimon: Hey, this is where we met Toto, isn't it?
Kachina: Yeah, but Toto probably won't be able to come back here for a while.
Kachina: During the battle, Toto refused to leave this place. Monsters started closing in, and he got really injured... But, an amazing doctor saved his life!
Paimon: Yeah, we saw him during the battle... Thank goodness he made it!
Kachina: The doctor said he refused to leave because of his "territorial instincts." I have a different idea, though...
Kachina: Toto is a gentle creature — he's not aggressive or territorial. He loves his home and wants to share that with everyone in the area.
Kachina: I don't like conflict or violence, either — Toto and I are similar in that way. But, we want to protect the things we love from being destroyed. So... we chose to fight.
Kachina: Love is an extremely positive and powerful emotion, but sometimes it comes with pain — that's what my dad always says.
Kachina: Now, I finally understand what he meant.
Traveler: You and Toto are both very brave.
Kachina: It's alright. This will all be over soon.
Kachina: The fact that I was born in this era, that I got to meet legendary heroes like you and our Archon... actually makes me feel really lucky.
Kachina: I've always wanted to see what Natlan would be like without the Abyss...
Kachina: And now, that day is just around the corner. I know you two can win this!
Paimon: Yeah, it's time to get this over with. We've still got a long journey ahead of us!
Traveler: Thanks, you two.
Kachina: C'mon, we're almost there!
Traveler: I'll give it my all.
Traveler: I'm sorry you had to grow up so fast.