# Drills by Lamplight

Minglan: Surely that Sergeant isn't the one in charge... Well, good luck to them, then, they're gonna need it...
Traveler: Is something the matter?
Minglan: #Huh!? Oh, it's you, Traveler... Phew...
Minglan: You scared me there! I thought the Sergeant had come over. If he overheard me, I'd get dragged away for more training...
Traveler: Do you guys... still have to train?
Minglan: Well, the bigger the festival, the busier we are.
Minglan: Liyue Harbor is huge, and there are so many tourists coming in from all over the world.
Minglan: To maintain order and ensure everyone's safety, the Millelith have set up quite a few new mobile units both in the city and in the wilderness.
Minglan: Do you know what a mobile unit is? Hmm... just think of it as a team of Millelith soldiers who provide help wherever they go.
Minglan: As long as you need help, just run up to a squad and ask for assistance, and they'll lend a hand.
Minglan: Whether if you're in danger, lost something, or even got lost yourself, just go ask them for help.
Minglan: But... since we need to cover such a large area, our Sergeant has even pulled out the reserve units that were originally on standby for training.
Minglan: But those reserve units are all made up of rookies who haven't had much training. So the Sergeant said, why not hold a temporary training event to up their individual skill level?
Minglan: I heard that... that particular Sergeant is really tough. Anyone who's been trained by him can't help but shiver when hearing his name...
Traveler: You've... undergone his training too?
Minglan: I—I suppose you could say that. His training is actually really effective, but my legs turn into jelly at the mere thought of it...
Minglan: Want to give it a try? During my training, I heard him mention your name a lot. He said you're not only a master of tactical deployment, but also excel at hand-to-hand combat...
Minglan: Were it you in the training arena, you'd definitely out-perform all of us.
Traveler: I'd love to give it a try!
Minglan: Alright. The courage you display... You're indeed the hero of Liyue. Then please, follow me.
Traveler: Let me think it over a bit...
Minglan: That's alright. Just let me know when you want to give it a whirl. I'm sure the Sergeant would be more than happy to have you.
Traveler: Isn't it Lantern Rite now?