# Missing title (4222793367)

Nahida: Is there anything you want to know?
Traveler: About the Akasha...
Traveler: About what happened after I fell asleep that day...
Traveler: About The Balladeer...
Traveler: About Fontaine, the next stop on my journey...
Traveler: #About my sister...
Traveler: I've got nothing else to say.
Nahida: After recent events, the Akasha can no longer function as it used to.
Nahida: I've given it some thought, and have decided to shut it down permanently.
Nahida: But this is definitely not a bad thing. Even from the beginning, I've been planning to shut it down.
Nahida: The Akasha's centralized administration of knowledge has always restrained people's curiosity and curtailed the number of paths available to them. I don't think this is good for Sumeru.
Nahida: Although people may initially feel a little uncomfortable with the loss of the Akasha, they will soon understand that this life is more suitable for them.
Nahida: And as for the future of Sumeru... I'm preparing to regain control of the Akademiya.
Nahida: The former sages have received their punishment, but the new sages have yet to be selected. I will oversee the process personally.
Nahida: I hope that the new Six Great Sages will be more focused on academics. Sumeru needs such leaders more than ever.
Nahida: The other big issue is the people of King Deshret — all the residents of the desert, in fact. They have been mistreated for far too long.
Nahida: I've already taken some measures to address this. It will take some time to rebuild everything, but no matter if it's culture, friendship, or trust... we will rebuild it.
Nahida: You mean, what happened after The Doctor put you to sleep?
Traveler: Did he take the Gnoses?
Nahida: You guessed correctly... The top-ranked Fatui Harbingers, up to No. 3, possess power comparable to that of gods. I was no match for him in that kind of situation.
Nahida: However, in spite of the bad situation, I still managed to make a fair deal with The Doctor.
Nahida: I'm sure you remember the entity that changed your fate — the Heavenly Principles.
Nahida: In fact, the Heavenly Principles has been quiet since the Khaenri'ah disaster five hundred years ago. I used this point as leverage against The Doctor.
Nahida: I told him that the Heavenly Principles may be awakened if I destroyed a Gnosis. Although it was just a bluff, he still fell for it.
Nahida: I assumed that the Heavenly Principles wouldn't just stand by and let such extensive damage to its "laws" take place.
Nahida: And as for what I exchanged for the Gnoses...
Nahida: The exchange served as both punishment for The Doctor, as well as a boon of new knowledge that I couldn't refuse as the God of Wisdom.
Nahida: He's still in a coma. I've hidden him like how one would hide a feather.
Nahida: I know you have many misgivings about him, but as someone who had "become a god," he has retained a number of very useful features.
Nahida: Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't do any evil.
Nahida: In addition, there are still some mysteries left in him. Some things may be very clear from my perspective, but he has still yet to understand them himself.
Nahida: His future will be determined by fate.
Nahida: Is that where you're headed next? Fontaine, the nation of justice.
Nahida: As far as I know, that nation operates on a judicial system.
Paimon: Does their archon personally judge people?
Nahida: No, there's a Chief Justice in Fontaine. Generally speaking, the Hydro Archon, Focalors, won't preside over individual trials.
Nahida: However... even then, Focalors will still make herself present at just about every trial. It seems that she just likes to immerse herself in that sort of atmosphere.
Nahida: As archon, she still reserves the right to influence the final verdict.
Nahida: Anyway, let's just say she's got... hmm... a very unique personality.
Nahida: And soon, you'll also begin your journey anew, and depart from Sumeru.
Nahida: I'm very interested in your future. It's a journey that can't be observed or recorded by this world...
Nahida: If fate is the ultimate knowledge, then your future will be the ultimate fate.
Paimon: Paimon's sure glad we got to meet you, Nahida.
Nahida: The pleasure is all mine... I can't thank you enough.
Nahida: All right, that's enough talk for today. If you ever miss me, just close your eyes — and maybe I'll appear in your dreams~
Nahida: According to the records I was able to access, your sibling suddenly appeared in Khaenri'ah...
Nahida: #After the Khaenri'ah disaster, she began her journey through the seven nations of Teyvat.
Nahida: #But just as her journey was about to reach its conclusion, the Irminsul records on her suddenly become fuzzy...
Paimon: #What do you mean, "fuzzy"? Did something happen to her?
Nahida: #All I know for sure is that somebody, for reasons only they can know, is deliberately obfuscating {F#his}{M#her} fate...
Nahida: And whoever it is... if they can do that, who knows what else they're capable of.
Traveler: Could it be related to... the Abyss?
Paimon: #But even that wouldn't explain how {F#he}{M#she} somehow comes from this world...
Nahida: Something else I noticed was that according to these records, the Fatui have not classified your sibling as one of the "Descenders."
Traveler: Descenders?
Paimon: ...What's a Descender? Paimon's never heard of it...
Nahida: Look, I'm sure you must be curious about the information I received from the Fatui in return for my Gnosis, right?
Nahida: A very important part of the intel was about this world's Descenders... external beings, ones that don't belong to this world.
Nahida: #Traveler, you are Teyvat's "Fourth Descender."
Traveler: Fourth...?
Paimon: #Huh!? So the Fatui count three other Descenders before Traveler? And his sister isn't even one of them?
Nahida: That's right. My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.
Nahida: As for the other Descenders... I still need to verify their existence. It could take me some time.
Paimon: Whew... Paimon's head's about to burst from all this crazy new information...
Nahida: And yet, even knowing all this, I'm sure you must still have a lot of unanswered questions. I must say, I truly regret that I can't help you more as the God of Wisdom...
Nahida: There are many questions in my heart as well. I will need some time to go through each one of them.
Traveler: Same here... I'll need some time to reflect on what you've said.