# Missing title (860151839)

Raiden Shogun (Ei): Many challenges still lie ahead for Inazuma, but I am prepared for them.
Traveler: About the "challenges"...
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Abolishing the Sakoku Decree has a myriad of implications. It would be folly to say that it will be all positive, and there will be no negative repercussions.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): For example, I can foresee the outside world posing a threat to Inazuma's businesses. These are the issues that I must work to solve.
Yae Miko: Ei, you're thinking about this all so conscientiously. I've only got as far as wondering whether I'll be able to sell entrance tickets to the Grand Narukami Shrine in the future.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Honestly, Miko...
Traveler: About the gaze of the gods...
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Makoto's gaze was always fixed on the people of Inazuma. I always assumed it was because... that was her duty.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): But now I see that hers was a gaze full of delight and hope. It was not just a duty, but a joy, too. She loved humanity very dearly.
Yae Miko: If people of the past deserved the gods' attention, then so do the people of the future.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Indeed. No longer will I ignore their passions and dreams.
Traveler: About the centuries of dueling...
Raiden Shogun (Ei): To put it bluntly, it was constant torture with no end in sight.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Faced with an endless battle, I had to remain focused at all times. Had my concentration lapsed for but a moment, the Shogun's blade would have taken my life.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Safe to say, were it not for my previous experiences in combat, my skills would not have been up to the challenge. I would most certainly have been defeated.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): And through it all, you also had your part to play.
Traveler: About the damage to the Sacred Sakura...
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Don't worry, I haven't forgotten. I will be sure to remind the Tenryou and Yashiro Commissions of their duties in this regard.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): It's not only the monsters that I am worried about. I'm concerned about what else might escape from the Sacred Sakura.
Yae Miko: That's a tough one, alright... There's plenty more besides memories held in the Ley Lines.
Raiden Shogun (Ei): Since you clearly understand, perhaps you could think about making an effort, too.
Traveler: Yae Miko said she was placing her god—
Yae Miko: Ahem! Yae Miko said nothing of the sort, and the Traveler has some nerve making up spurious claims about her while she is still present.
Yae Miko: Some words are not to be passed on.
Yae Miko: Trust me, you don't want to know the cost of betraying me. Just think of the things I said to you as our little secret. Understood?
Raiden Shogun (Ei): What are you talking about?
Yae Miko: Nothing. I suddenly want some fried tofu.
Traveler: I have no other questions.