# Snowy Silhouette: Reunion

Paimon: Huh? Who is this guy...
Traveler: Is he... Joel's father?
Reckless Pallad: Oh, you're here, Traveler!
Reckless Pallad: Allow me to introduce Joserf. He's Joel's father.
Joel: Dad! This is that traveler I was telling you about. The traveler's helped me out loads in the past, and this time we even built a snowman together.
Joserf: Joel has told me everything about you. I can't thank you enough.
Traveler: I'm glad you're finally reunited...
Paimon: Wow, this is amazing!
Cyrus: Not bad, Pallad, not bad at all! You did great work this time!
Paimon: "This time"? Did something happen the last time?
Reckless Pallad: Uh... You remember the person I said I found the last time on Dragonspine, right?
Reckless Pallad: After you accompanied me up the mountain and helped me to defeat those monsters, I continued searching the area.
Reckless Pallad: During my search, I accidentally tripped and rolled my way down the mountain...
Paimon: You... rolled...
Reckless Pallad: Thankfully, the snow was very thick below. I wasn't hurt.
Reckless Pallad: And I was just getting ready to head back when I heard noises at the side... and then someone just popped out of nowhere.
Reckless Pallad: I didn't realize that this was the person I was looking for at first. In fact, I mistook him for a fellow adventurer in the search party.
Reckless Pallad: But after a few words of conversation, it was clear that he was having memory problems. He didn't even know his own name.
Reckless Pallad: The temperature was freezing, and there was no time to deal with all that there and then, so I convinced him to come back to the camp with me and figure everything else out after we got there.
Reckless Pallad: We got back to the camp, ran into Joel, and the moment he saw him, he froze for a second, with this completely stunned expression on his face, and then he started crying out: "Dad! Dad!" That's when Joserf suddenly started to remember.
Joel: Daddy...
Joserf: Daddy's right here, Joel. Daddy's right here.
Paimon: Joserf, don't you remember anything else at all?
Paimon: The Boar Princess, feeding the foxes...?
Joserf: I'm sorry, I have no recollection. Maybe it's because of the head trauma? I'm not sure...
Joserf: I woke up and found myself covered in blood. My things were gone and there was nothing to indicate who I was or how I got there.
Joserf: I crawled into a cave and settled in for a slow recovery. After my legs and feet were a little better, my hunting skills were what kept me alive.
Joel: Dad... I was so worried about you.
Joserf: I'm alright now, Joel. Don't cry, daddy's not going anywhere. I'm here to stay.
Paimon: So what's the plan now, Joserf?
Joserf: I... I just want to stay with my family for a while longer.
Cyrus: It's wonderful that you were able to return safe and sound! I suppose there's our happy ending now, hahah!
Cyrus: That said, Pallad, you've still got some way to go before your adventuring skills are up to scratch. I mean, losing your footing and rolling down the mountain like that...
Cyrus: You're having some remedial classes with me once we get back to the Guild, I say!
Reckless Pallad: Huh? B—But Cyrus... I think I kinda made up for my mistakes this time, y'know...
Cyrus: No buts! Back to the Guild we go!
Reckless Pallad: Guild Master, please!
Traveler: I'm glad you're okay...
Traveler: A gigantic version of Joel...