# A Record of All Things

Zhongli: Now, I mentioned before that many gods of old have been sealed beneath the Guyun Stone Forest.
Zhongli: The adepti have presently handed Liyue over to mortals, and Havria's time was even further in the past. The salt chalice and salt ruler that she left behind should not return to Liyue.
Zhongli: To leave them here is to let them slumber, and it is also a homecoming...
Traveler: So, what would you like us to do?
Zhongli: I ended an era with my own two hands. I have always wondered how I should... remember that which I ended.
Zhongli: History records, but history may be changed. This incident proved that. Time is a mighty force, and histories twist in its flow...
Zhongli: I need to find a better way of recording history in order to engrave its truth.
Zhongli: Stone carvings were one such ancient method. But unchanging stone, immovable earth, even one such as myself... Someday, we may all disappear.
Paimon: Zhongli...
Zhongli: Therefore, I thought of you, Traveler.
Zhongli: You are one who crosses the celestial atlas, and who passes through countless worlds. If our history is engraved in your memory, it will one day accompany you into another world.
Zhongli: As long as a Traveler like you is able to record what happened, then a backup of sorts will exist for times and tides of Teyvat.
Traveler: So that's why you wanted us to come with you.
Paimon: Sounds like tough work.
Zhongli: Now then, it is time that we consigned both the salt chalice and salt ruler to the sea.
Paimon: Huh? Why do we need to throw them into the sea?
Zhongli: As I said before... This is the place to which the remnants of many bygone gods are consigned.
Zhongli: This includes Osial, Overlord of the Vortex, who the Jade Chamber most recently returned to this ocean prison...
Traveler: So you didn't just bring me along to find treasure?
Zhongli: Hahaha... Well, may you find treasure among the stars, even after you have left Teyvat.
Zhongli: Now, I am the God of Wealth, so I would think that my words have some weight here.