(Quest is part of chapter: Lepus Chapter: Act I Wind, Courage, and Wings)

# Glide With the Wind

Traveler: Pretty good.
Traveler: I keep getting carried away and gliding too high.
Amber: #Hey Traveler! I've been looking for you everywhere! How's that wind glider I gave you last time?
Amber: Seems like it's really growing on you!
Amber: But then again, you don't have a gliding license, do you?
Paimon: A gliding license? Hmm... What's that?
Amber: Isn't it obvious? You gotta have a gliding license to legally glide in Mondstadt.
Paimon: #Oh... but Traveler and Paimon have been gliding for ages now. This is the first we've heard about it!
Amber: Yeah, you've been gliding all over the place... Everyone's noticed!
Paimon: Eh-he.
Paimon: Sooo... You came looking for us because you wanna give us a gliding license?
Amber: No way! The Knights of Favonius have strict rules.
Amber: You need to pass an exam, and only then will the Knights issue your license.
Amber: #Today I'm here as an examiner, to oversee Traveler's official gliding exam!
Amber: I gave you your wind glider, so this is my responsibility — at least, that's what Acting Grand Master Jean would say.
Traveler: ...Maybe you can cut me some slack?
Traveler: It's fine. I can do this.
Paimon: An exam! What a pain in the butt. Then again, since Amber is the examiner...
Amber: No with a capital N-O! Do not challenge the authority of examiner Amber!
Amber: #I'm sure Traveler will glide through it!
Amber: I mean... The whole city saw how well you flew the day that Stormterror attacked, so I'm sure you'll have no problems!
Amber: But we do need to respect the rules and glide properly.
Amber: Here. Take this gliding manual. No need to memorize it, just be familiar with everything in there.
Amber: For example: only one person per wind glider, no carrying anything over the set weight limit, no taking off using an Anemo Slime, and so on and so forth.
Amber: Anyway, be sure to read it, okay? I had to read a load of big, thick books too when Lisa was teaching me magic...
Paimon: Wow, that's a big old book... Paimon thinks we best get started!
Amber: Great. Come find me when you're done, I'll be at Windrise.
Paimon: *sigh* The Knights of Favonius gliding manual does NOT sound like a fun read...
Traveler: Well, guess I'd better get started.
Traveler: It reads like a fairytale...
Traveler: People in Mondstadt really understand the romance in learning to glide.
Paimon: Hmm... That's a cool story... But is the Knights' gliding manual really written in that style?
Paimon: Huh. Anyway, let's go find Amber.