(Quest is part of chapter: Prologue: Act III Song of the Dragon and Freedom)

# Calm Before the Storm

Venti: I'm thinking about turning these adventures into songs after we're done...
Traveler: Well, we certainly have gone through quite a lot recently.
Venti: Hopefully, this song will be sung for years to come by the people of Mondstadt, just like The Legend of Vennessa.
Jean: I have loved that song since I was small.
Jean: #How are you feeling today Traveler?
Jean: I am completely prepared and fully confident that we can do this.
Traveler: You're so reliable, Master Jean.
Paimon: Even Master Diluc accompanied us to the very end.
Paimon: Despite only being an accidentally involved...
Paimon: ...Bystander.
Diluc: You shared your secret with me, and I only returned your trust to the same extent.
Traveler: So "trust" is what drove Master Diluc here.
Paimon: As for Master Jean... "responsibility" perhaps?
Paimon: What about the Tone-Deaf Bard?
Venti: It's "freedom."
Paimon: Freedom...?
Venti: When you first arrived at Mondstadt, did no one tell you that Mondstadt is the City of Freedom?
Traveler: Amber...
Venti: Hahaha... She really is a child of freedom!
Venti: Mondstadt is a romantic city, without the reign of a king.
Venti: And its citizens enjoy the most freedom amongst the seven nations.
Venti: I hope the dragon that once protected Mondstadt will soon be free too...
Venti: No one should have deceived him by telling him that Mondstadt betrayed him.
Venti: And no one should have told him that it was his eternal duty to protect the city.
Venti: He has the right and freedom to choose his own way of life.
Paimon: Venti...
Venti: #Well then, Traveler, may the thousands of years of wind that have blown through Mondstadt go with you.
Venti: Just like the last time, I shall channel Anemo energy for you.
Traveler: ..."Last time"?
Paimon: #Oh! No wonder Traveler said his voice sounds familiar!
Traveler: I knew it! It was YOUR voice I heard.
Traveler: So "responsibility" is what drove Master Jean here.
Paimon: As for Master Diluc... "trust" perhaps?
Paimon: What about the Tone-Deaf Bard?
Traveler: What about Venti?
Traveler: Rest assured, I'm also completely prepared!
Traveler: We're practically old partners now.