# Afterword

Paimon: We're back! It's us again!
Albedo: Traveler, Paimon, welcome back.
Paimon: Paimon's already used to meeting Albedo like that.
Traveler: I've fulfilled your request.
Albedo: Thank you so much. I knew I could count on you.
Traveler: Count on me to help you?
Albedo: Naturally, you were crucial to my research.
Paimon: Ehehe, glad to hear that~
Albedo: I'll never forget your kindness.
Traveler: Now you can take the sword back.
Paimon: Should be powerful enough, right?
Albedo: More or less... but tell me... How do you feel?
Traveler: Same old.
Albedo: Good. There's no side effects, no corruption or poison.
Albedo: Looks like... I've been correct all along.
Paimon: This guy, pretending to be a prophet!
Albedo: How do you like the sword?
Traveler: It's a nice weapon.
Albedo: Is that so? Regardless, it's reached the desired state.
Paimon: Why are you holding the sword? Albedo, what're you trying to do? Don't mess around!
Albedo: I want to extract the purified life force from within it.
Paimon: Can this force exist outside of the sword?
Albedo: What's impossible for some... might be just within my reach.
Albedo: ...All done.
Paimon: Wow, this energy looks like a ball of light...
Paimon: Ah! You put it into a mysterious bottle!
Albedo: This sword might not be a divine weapon...
Albedo: ...But it'll make a fine memento. I hope it can be of some help during your travels.
Traveler: Really?
Albedo: I needed it for the sake of my research. I've already obtained the results of the experiment. This sword belongs to you, a person who knows how to use it.
Albedo: Thank you for your assistance with completing this research. Well then, goodbye.
Albedo: This dragon's life force resonates with me...
Albedo: Not because it's a dragon, but because I am... me.
Albedo: Rhinedottir... Master... Is this your creation, the giant dragon Durin?
Albedo: ...
Albedo: Was the two of us meeting really a good thing?
Traveler: You don't need it anymore?
Traveler: It's no good.
Traveler: I've done what you wanted, as promised.