(Quest is part of chapter: Orobashi's Legacy)

# Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue

Kaji: Hello! Excuse me, outlander. Could you hear me out?
Traveler: What's up?
Kaji: Please don't linger on this island for too long. Recently, the Tatarigami's reach has spread wider and wider.
Traveler: "Tatarigami"?
Kaji: Yes, since the people from Sangonomiya destroyed the ward that suppressed the soul of the serpent god, the Tatarigami has spread across the island...
Kaji: As you can see, the sky is now perpetually clouded and the rain won't stop. This is all because of the Tatarigami.
Kaji: Recently, one by one all the miners have fallen ill, gone insane, or fled to other islands...
Kaji: Everyone's gone. There's hardly anyone living on this island anymore.
Kaji: Ironically, due to the chaos created by the Tatarigami, the Shogunate and the rebels have not been fighting over this place quite as hard.
Kaji: Hmph! But if they had not destroyed our great Ogosho's ward, the island wouldn't have become such a mess in the first place!
Kaji: What do the Commissions or dragons or serpents have to do with me, huh? They never asked my opinion before starting their cursed war!
Traveler: Then why are you still here?
Kaji: Why? Because this is my home.
Traveler: What about your family?
Kaji: They are in a safe place, but thanks for your concern. They must be waiting for me to bring them back here.
Kaji: No one on the island left voluntarily. We are a family here. Anywhere else we go, we'll have to work for someone else.
Kaji: But someone had to stay and clean up the mess so that everyone else can return home eventually.
Kaji: *sigh* This is such a headache...
Traveler: Is there anything I can help with?
Kaji: If it were any other child offering to help me out of the blue, I'd be laughing out loud right now...
Kaji: But seeing as you're a traveler from afar who has managed to venture this deep into Inazuma, you must certainly be able to hold your own.
Kaji: I'll get straight to the point, then. The ward over there has been bothering me for a long time, maybe you could find a way to repair it?
Kaji: I'm sure that this awful weather can only be due to the wards' destruction.
Kaji: But please, be careful when you approach the ward. If you stare at it, it will release a burst of energy towards you...
Kaji: It's harmless, but very uncomfortable. It feels like it's... rejecting you.
Kaji: I think the ward is missing some components. It can probably be fixed by putting the missing parts back.
Kaji: Of course, that's just speculation on my part. I still can't say for sure what's gone wrong.
Kaji: So, if you want to help, please help me fix this ward.
Kaji: But if you can't manage it, then like I was saying — don't stick around here too long.