# Seirai Stormchasers: Part IV

Etsuko: The storm... has passed.
Taisuke: It seems like all four Warding Stones have been sealed.
Traveler: That they have.
Etsuko: I—It's you! How did you get up there?
Etsuko: Taisuke said that you passed through some kind of door — and then you disappeared.
Etsuko: What on earth is with that door? How strange...
Taisuke: What happened up there, exactly?
Taisuke: Etsuko and I heard a sudden rumbling from above, almost like thunder.
Taisuke: But the storm should have abated already...
Traveler: Well, here's what happened...
Taisuke: Rocks floating in the sky... formed a platform...
Taisuke: Huh. That's... I must confess that I've never heard of such a natural phenomenon occurring on Seirai Island...
Etsuko: ...Which part of that sounds like a natural phenomenon, seriously...
Etsuko: It's super unnatural no matter how you look at it.
Traveler: Agreed.
Etsuko: Well, natural or otherwise, the storm over Seirai Island has been calmed, and our commission is complete...
Traveler: You know, we also found this strange feather...
Etsuko: This is... Taisuke, you have a look.
Taisuke: Alright, allow me...
Taisuke: Apologies, but I have no idea where this feather came from.
Taisuke: This feather's pattern and texture are nothing like any birds I know of.
Taisuke: And if you study its dimensions and the ratios involved, this bird would have been as large as that stone platform up there in the sky.
Etsuko: Is this feather that important? If you want to figure its history out, why don't you put up a commission at the Guild? Who knows, you might run into someone who can give you a lead.
Traveler: Alright.
Etsuko: Well, in that case, thanks again for your help, Adventurer. Taisuke and I will head back to the Guild to make our reports.
Etsuko: Ah, right. This is for you. It's not much... But I'd say you're still owed some payment for your help.
Etsuko: Taisuke, get ready to pack it up. We're headed back to the Guild.
Taisuke: Uh, so, Etsuko... Let's drop by that shrine real quick and see Lady Neko, shall we?
Etsuko: ...Taisuke...
Taisuke: Come on! It's a cat that can talk! A talking cat!
Etsuko: *sigh* Seriously...
Traveler: I'll give it some thought myself...
Traveler: You'd be right to say so.