# A Clash Between the First and the Latest!

Black Screen Text: After a while, you and Paimon arrive at the Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta booth...
Souka: Oh, the Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor! Are you back for more of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta?
Souka: Ms. Enghiene received orders to return to the Maison Gardiennage, so I'll be playing against you for now!
Paimon: Hey, Souka! You're back!
Paimon: Paimon was pretty surprised when we met Haniyyah, but you've taken it to the next level! Your outfit is so... Well, you sure are enthusiastic!
Souka: And that's a good thing, because I have a lot of work... I need to stay motivated.
Souka: And that's why I'll cut my problems down, one clean axe-swing at a time!
Traveler: How are things at the newspaper?
Souka: Our plan is progressing steadily. Novel events like these attract a lot of attention, and the paper won't miss any promotion opportunities!
Souka: We didn't get the most important page, but it's clear that the event's becoming more popular.
Haniyyah: That's right. We've seen an increase in ordinary citizens who wanted to give our game a try recently.
Haniyyah: Many have been talking about what's the best Fungi team with which to win a round quickly.
Haniyyah: I've also heard that people have been looking to play against you two, so they can see how the experts play.
Traveler: We'd like to keep a low profile.
Paimon: Unless the two of you play against us, of course. You know our strategies very well already...
Paimon: Paimon thinks a match between you and us... will be a real test of technique!
Souka: Well, you're here now, so why don't we play a friendly round?
Souka: Come to think of it, the last time we went head-to-head with you was during the first Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament, where you beat me most soundly.
Souka: How nostalgic. After that, Haniyyah and I went through a lot together, and many things changed. I bet it was the same with you.
Souka: But your... seasoned courage and fearless aura are still as unwavering and sturdy as crystal.
Souka: That alone was enough for us to decide that we'd follow you, back when we were preparing Fungus Mechanicus. I think we made the right choice!
Paimon: Uh, why are you reminiscing all of a sudden? Is it something that writers do?
Traveler: I miss those times, too.
Souka: Yes! What an incredible line!
Souka: Anyway, as one of the designers of the game, I've got an ace up my sleeve!
Haniyyah: Are you talking about "that," Souka?
Souka: That's right. I'll get started, and then Haniyyah will control powerful opponents against you. It should make for an exciting match!
Haniyyah: Let's do this, Golden Comet, Silver Companion!
Traveler: Alright!
Paimon: After all this time, you're going up against Haniyyah again... Ooh, this is so exciting!
Paimon: But this is a friendly match, so let's just have fun!
Traveler: It's on!
Traveler: We can make new memories together.
Traveler: Alas, so many people, and such hurry to lose...
Traveler: How are the advertisements coming along?