# Ballads of Breeze

Lizzie: Hello there, and welcome to the Windblume Festival. You've come at a good time — we're currently organizing a little game known as "Ballads of Breeze."
Lizzie: Taking part in this game will allow you to play some lovely tunes, just like the bards of Mondstadt...
Traveler: How can I measure up to bards...?
Lizzie: Oh, don't you worry! We've had, um, lots of play-testers in the past!
Lizzie: Even someone with zero knowledge of how to play instruments will be able to play something that... uh, won't sound too bad...
Lizzie: Please, believe me. Have faith in the Knights of Favonius!
Lizzie: As long as you do your best to keep up with the rhythm and beat, you'll be able to strum up a storm with ease.
Lizzie: Focus only on the wind around you and the lovely song you wish to play, and all your troubles will surely fade away.
Traveler: Well, I imagine bards must be quite carefree, then.
Lizzie: Hahaha, I wouldn't say that for sure! After all, they do fret about whether their songs will move people enough to fork some Mora over.
Lizzie: As for you... You just need to play to your heart's content.
Lizzie: W—Well, uh, never mind what I just said! I hope you know how this works by now, yes? Well, if it interests you, you're free to give it a go.
Lizzie: You can use your own instrument to play said tunes, and if you haven't brought one, we can lend you some...
Lizzie: Hehe... not to brag, but we do have quite a few on hand here, and each of them is quite different from the rest.
Lizzie: Which of the instruments would you like to use first?
Traveler: The Windsong Lyre.
Lizzie: Oh, this one, then? No problem!
Lizzie: Oh, and there's one more thing I forgot to mention! Please wait for a moment, I need to consult my notes...
Lizzie: Hmm, right... In order to make sure that everyone is able to play the best they can, we've decided to implement a "tuning" phase to this game.
Lizzie: Simply put, we mean to help you tune your instrument to be in the best state possible. Don't worry, it's easy. The first step should be...
Lizzie: Alright! That should do it. Your instrument's all tuned up, and the musical scores should be ready as well.
Lizzie: You can start any time now — so long as you want to, of course.
Traveler: The Floral Zither.
Traveler: The Festive Drum.
Traveler: Will I really sound good...?