# Missing title (3960832703)

Grandmaster Hanakado: Master Shuyu!
Grandmaster Hanakado: As you can see, I have successfully directed Bloom Pruner: Radiant Wings to victory over the final foe of "Shuyu's Baffling Beetle Battle Bowl"...
Grandmaster Hanakado: Could you now impart upon me some fundamentals of the mechanical arts...?
Shuyu: Okay, okay, don't rush...
Shuyu: You'll need a foundation in mathematics and engineering if you want to study the mechanical arts, so let me find you some textbooks and give you a couple more sets of test questions.
Shuyu: Actually, hang on a moment. How did the Beetle Battle get named after me, again?
Shuyu: I've heard about the previous iterations of the event. Weren't they all named after your big bro Itto?
Grandmaster Hanakado: That is how things used to be, yes, but considering the Oni King's personality, he'd likely say—
Grandmaster Hanakado: "Bloom Pruner's my nemesis, a foe I must defeat! Any tournament with my name on it has gotta have Crimson Staff take center stage!"
Grandmaster Hanakado: Besides, it was thanks to you that this mystical beetle battle trial could be implemented at all, Master Shuyu, so of course your name should be on it!
Shuyu: Well, I wouldn't call myself much more than a middleman, passing your requests onto Master Xianyun and Madame Ping — they're the ones you should be thanking.
Shuyu: Of course, you don't have to send anything like that Semi-Automatic Tea Grinder... or whatever it was called, alright?
Shuyu: First, we wouldn't want you to break the bank for our sakes, and second, neither Master Xianyun nor Madame Ping really drinks much matcha in the first place.
Grandmaster Hanakado: Understood! Next time, I'll be sure to select a gift that better suits Master of Masters Xianyun and Adeptus Ping!
Paimon: I—Is Paimon still asleep or something... Is Grandmaster Hanakado seriously having a discussion about "Masters" and "mechanics" with Xianyun's disciple, Shuyu?
Paimon: Paimon's going back to bed.
Traveler: No, it's not just you, Paimon...
Shuyu: #Huh, that sounds like... Is that you, Traveler, Paimon?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Oh, if it isn't the Oni King's Right Hand and Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon! Well met, well met!
Grandmaster Hanakado: In case you've forgotten my humble person, allow me to introduce myself...
Grandmaster Hanakado: We have crossed paths before, during the Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl and the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp.
Traveler: Oh, right, you're one of Itto's subordinates.
Paimon: Ooh, yeah, Paimon remembers too! We beat you during the first big beetle battle, and you became one of Itto's advisors after that, helping him challenge a Geovishap Hatchling with his Onikabuto!
Grandmaster Hanakado: That's right, and at the end of that great training arc, Guoba-san brought Adeptus Cloud Retainer's Bloom Pruner. That sure was a gap in ability if I've ever seen one...
Grandmaster Hanakado: To rise to greater beetle-battling heights, the Oni King and I agreed to stay in Liyue and prepare suitable gifts to show our sincerity as we seek to learn from the adepti.
Traveler: Looks like you've succeeded. Congratulations.
Paimon: Hehe, nice, Adeptus Shuyu!
Shuyu: N—No, I'm not really an official teacher just yet. Grandmaster Hanakado just insists on calling me that.
Shuyu: Never mind being at the level of an adeptus... I'm not even close to making "half-adeptus"! It just so happens that Master taught me some of the basic principles of mechanics recently.
Shuyu: She believes that people of similar ages communicate better with one another, and that teaching Grandmaster Hanakado will also help to reinforce my own learning.
Shuyu: So for now, I'll be the one teaching him the basics, while at the same time, really getting a grasp on the specific mechanical fields he wants to learn about.
Paimon: Specific areas of learning, huh... Hmm, let Paimon guess. Does this have something to do with the Serenitea Pot-like furnishing on the table?
Grandmaster Hanakado: That's right! Adeptus Cloud Retainer and Adeptus Ping fashioned that masterpiece after hearing Master Shuyu's explanation. A truly amazing masterwork, believe you me!
Grandmaster Hanakado: It's got all sorts of... monsters I'd never have dared get close to normally inside — though with the newly-equipped Bloom Pruner at full output, I could take them on head-to-head!
Grandmaster Hanakado: And to show my respect, I'd like to name this "Shuyu's Baffling Beetle Battle Bowl"!
Shuyu: ...Uh, I still think you should name this after Xianyu— Master Cloud Retainer or Madame Ping instead...
Paimon: Wait, so this teapot's got monsters inside, and you can fight them using Onikabuto?
Traveler: That sounds... somewhat dangerous?
Paimon: That's true, but bull-chucker seems to like this kinda thing... and y'know, Paimon gets where he's coming from.
Shuyu: Actually, this is an annex of an adeptal realm that Master split off to improve Bloom Pruner's gardening functions.
Shuyu: The monsters inside are all targets created using adeptal energy, and will act in set ways similar to those of the creatures they're based on. Their combat abilities aren't anywhere close to the originals, though...
Shuyu: Bloom Pruner would struggle to deal with opponents that many times its size, even at full power.
Grandmaster Hanakado: W—Wait, so they're just simulated?
Shuyu: Well, the point here is to familiarize you with the operating logic behind devices like Bloom Pruner. In that sense, understanding its performance limits is also very important.
Grandmaster Hanakado: Perhaps my beetle battling skills are the limiting factor here. The Oni King said so too: "How can you talk about performance when you don't know the first thing about fighting"?
Grandmaster Hanakado: Good thing you're here, Oni King's Right Hand, Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon!
Grandmaster Hanakado: With your help, I'm sure I'll be able to see what Bloom Pruner can really do. I'm willing to pay for your services, of course...
Grandmaster Hanakado: And for your part, you'll get to experience new and exciting battles!
Shuyu: #Hmm... I've never seen you in a beetle battle before, Traveler... Now I'm getting curious...
Traveler: Alright! Time to become the best beetle battlemaster!
Grandmaster Hanakado: You've always been one!
Paimon: P—P—Paimon's really strong too!
Paimon: #Well then, there's no time to lose! Traveler, let's plumb the depths of "Shuyu's Baffling Beetle Battle Bowl"!
Shuyu: I guess I'll just... have to accept this name, won't I?
Traveler: Let's do some fact-finding for Itto first...
Grandmaster Hanakado: If the opportunity arises, I'll also write a letter to the Oni King to report on our current progress. I'll be sure to mention the generous aid you've offered!
Paimon: Heh, for all we know, he might just buy a boat ticket to bolt over here and try this new beetle battle before we can blink!
Traveler: Well, now that sounds interesting!
Paimon: Paimon knew you'd be fired up about this... Well, she can't blame you for being excited, Paimon wants to try it out, too!
Traveler: Adeptus Shuyu—
Traveler: That happened, did it? Mind continuing the introductions?
Paimon: Paimon sorta remembers... We beat you during the first big beetle battle, and you became one of Itto's advisors after that, helping him challenge a Geovishap Hatchling with his Onikabuto!
Traveler: Sorry, and who's Grandmaster Hanakado again?