# The Ancient Azure Stars

Paimon: Oh, we're back again!
Xinyan: So uh, Mona, is that adventurer... dead now?
Mona: ...
Mona: That was the only time I ever saw him. And that was more than three years ago, which means... he's no longer alive.
Paimon: But isn't there still a chance that he's alive? You know, like maybe you just made a mistake?
Traveler: But that's not fair.
Mona: You can't call it divination if you reject anything bad and believe the good unreservedly. That's just self-deception.
Mona: Of course, casually performing divination for fun might be a different matter, but in my field of expertise, there's no room for lies.
Mona: To contradict my own reading would be a blasphemy against astrology.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Cruel, but truthful. Such is fate.
Mona: I don't usually say things like this, but while we're on the topic, I really hope you don't confuse astrology with those fortune stick peddlers that you see along the streets.
Mona: Astrology does not exist to please. We astrologists are here to verify and witness the truths of this world.
Mona: ...
Mona: Which is why astrology is a disdained profession! It is a mighty art, but unfortunately one that annoys people nonetheless.
Fischl: Why dost thou protest so much, Lady Megistus? Thou seemst not to be the sort with whom one would be loathe to be associated.
Oz: What mein Fräulein means is that she's glad to be friends with you.
Fischl: No! That was not what I said!
Fischl: Whatever has gotten into you, Oz! You misinterpret my utterances with an increasingly alarming frequency!
Oz: Oh my, why could that be? Perhaps I have been concerned that mein Fräulein could offend her friends and have been attempting to soften her words?
Xinyan: Although you're the only astrologist I know, you've left an awesome impression on me. You're not annoying at all!
Xinyan: Those who go snooping around for secrets, yet ignore whatever they don't wanna hear? They're the ones who should reflect on themselves. Knowing your fate doesn't come cheap.
Kaedehara Kazuha: If one could simply avoid fate with just a few words, no one would have to endure the pain of parting. Mona, don't take others' comments to heart.
Kaedehara Kazuha: Follow your heart and never forget what's right.
Mona: I—I don't need comforting, thank you very much! I'm very tough, you know!
Traveler: Then why are your ears red?
Mona: Oh, uh...
Mona: Well, then... Umm...
Mona: Th—Thank you.
Fischl: What dost thou say? Speak up, and offer your highest reverence and blessings to the Prinzessin.
Xinyan: Okay, okay, Your Highness... Instead of making a scene, why don't you go collect the other fragments in the new location reflected by the pool? We can't enter the mirage without 'em.
Oz: Mein Fräulein, you are the only one with eyes sharp enough to locate the secrets.
Fischl: If that's the case, very well, I shall proceed to the beach...
Xinyan: Let's go, Mona.
Mona: Oh, okay! Coming!
Kaedehara Kazuha: ...Haha.