# A-Toymaking We Shall Go: Mass Production

Bertrand: #Hah, Traveler and Paimon. You've arrived!
Bertrand: My Toy Factory shall soon be open!
Paimon: Toy Factory?
Bertrand: *coughs* Well, I mean, it's just me and my Great Machine at the moment.
Bertrand: So, I streamlined the Machine's processes. Now, production should take a lot less time.
Bertrand: Of course, we're not talking about "instantaneous" levels of speed, but I would at least rate it at "rapid."
Paimon: Wow, that sounds impressive.
Bertrand: Speaking of which, I made some improvements to the Material Collector as well.
Bertrand: Previously, you'd need to come back here after each process.
Bertrand: I thought that was inefficient, so I made some adjustments, and now it updates the current process based on your collection progress.
Paimon: So it changes the process...
Paimon: ...based on what we've collected?
Traveler: I'm confused...
Bertrand: Hmm, how should I put this?
Bertrand: Let's say that the first process requires 10 Sunsettias, the second needs Hydro and the third will see you defeating 2 Hydro Slimes.
Bertrand: And let's say that now you've collected 10 Sunsettias with the Material Collector equipped. Well, in that case, it will consider the materials for the first process collected in full.
Bertrand: And then it will...
Paimon: Ooh, and then it will automatically start the process of collecting materials for the next stage!
Bertrand: Bingo! It will enter Elemental Charge mode, which will let it collect Hydro energy. And once it finishes collecting Hydro, it will change processes again.
Traveler: It will go on to the third process...
Bertrand: Yep, and all you will have to do once that happens is to defeat 2 Hydro Slimes.
Paimon: That does sound a lot more convenient.
Bertrand: Tell me about it. I pulled an all-nighter to improve it, you know? I personally call it the ultimate foolproof three-in-one...
Paimon: Huh. This Material Collector is truly amazing.
Traveler: Indeed.
Bertrand: Heh...
Paimon: Why would you give this Material Collector to us, though?
Bertrand: Hehe, I'm temporarily grounded in Ritou... So I can't collect materials at the moment.
Bertrand: Come on, help me out here. You can have a bit of the Mora from selling toys and one of the toys for free!
Bertrand: Remember the ticket you got? Hehe, well, it can get you one free redemption...
Bertrand: Well, as long as you've already created that particular toy model, of course.
Paimon: Excuse me? You mean with all the materials we collected and all the effort we put in, we only deserve a bit of the Mora and one toy?
Paimon: #That's preposterous! Let's get outta here, Traveler!
Bertrand: Wait... How about a bigger share of the profits and two... maybe three toys?
Traveler: OK, that's it. Let's go, Paimon.
Bertrand: Four! You can have four! But come on, that's as far as I can go!
Bertrand: *sigh* You could have all of them, really, if only I wasn't in debt. Sadly, I still owe the International Trade Association a sum of Mora...
Traveler: All right, I'll let you off easy this time.
Paimon: *sigh* Listen, we chose to help because you needed help, not for the Mora or toys.
Bertrand: Hehe, and your aid is most appreciated.
Bertrand: A relief, finally...
Traveler: It will proceed to Core Activation...