# Paper Shadow Ruminations

Wenxun: Round and fluffy, soft and bouncy, jump and bump...
Wenxun: Oh my! Guests! Welcome, welcome, and allow me, Wenxun, to be the first to wish the two of you a joyous Lantern Rite!
Paimon: Happy Lantern Rite, Ms. Wenxun!
Paimon: You seemed to be reciting something just now. What were you talking to yourself about?
Traveler: Considering some delectable dessert?
Wenxun: Not far off the mark — nearly a hole-in-one! I was just thinking about the food Guoba and Yuegui are gonna make!
Paimon: Eh? Now those are names we know... You know Guoba and Yuegui too?
Wenxun: Hehe, how could I not? You're looking at one of Wanmin Restaurant's regulars, you know!
Wenxun: As long as I'm not on the road, I eat at least seven meals a week at Wanmin Restaurant!
Wenxun: When paired with my hometown style of cooking — first some lightly seasoned fare, then a spicy flavor bomb — it's just a smash hit!
Wenxun: If I end up with too much heatiness, just need to down some of the right meds and flush it right out, and then after a couple of days recuperating, it's back to gorging myself in chow-town!
Traveler: That sounds amazing...
Paimon: P—P—Paimon also wants to try living like that...
Wenxun: Anyway, I get to see Guoba and Xiangling pretty much every week, and sometimes even little Yaoyao.
Wenxun: When Yaoyao brings Yuegui along to see Xiangling, Guoba and Yuegui end up playing together.
Wenxun: Ahh, it's wonderful! No matter how exhausting work is, just watching them shake and sway is enough to sweep all your cares away!
Wenxun: But I can't be the only one being cured by Guoba and Yuegui! I want everyone to bear witness to their cuteness for themselves!
Paimon: Well said! Now this is something important! But just how do you plan to do it?
Paimon: Unless... These things on the table are...
Wenxun: Bingo! I just made a "paper theater" featuring Guoba and Yuegui as the stars! Everything you see here at this stall is a prop for the paper theater!
Paimon: "Paper Theater"... That name sounds kinda familiar, doesn't it? Is it about the canvas behind you, and watching the... shadows on it?
Wenxun: You guys may have heard of "Paper Plays," a traditional Liyue art form. By artfully using the pictures and lights, you can make the scenes on the screen come to life.
Wenxun: I've loved paper plays since I was a kid, and learned a bit about them from Master Yinggong. After I grew up, I became a painter, studying and traveling all over.
Wenxun: While I was in Fontaine, I learned a few new drawing techniques and a thing or two about filming. I had quite a few sparks of inspiration, too.
Wenxun: So, using paper plays as a basis, I tried creating a novel interactive game, and thus, the "paper theater" you see before you was born!
Wenxun: Paper theater and paper plays also have very different styles. Paper theater focuses on simple, short stories that'll bring a smile to the audience.
Wenxun: So, that's why this year's first paper theater will be all about an especially amiable story — Guoba and Yuegui looking for ingredients to cook up something delicious together!
Paimon: Guoba and Yuegui cooking together? That sounds really interesting!
Traveler: Fun and food in one place!
Wenxun: Hehe, looks like you two are totally on board! Your excitement is inspiring!
Wenxun: Then there's no time to lose! Please, just relax, and get ready to enjoy this paper theater performance!
Traveler: Now that's worth paying attention to.
Traveler: Best take it easy...
Traveler: Or perhaps a revolutionary recipe?