# Missing title (2890683759)

Kaveh: The name Siraj doesn't ring a bell. Was he in your class?
Alhaitham: He isn't someone who would leave an impression, so it's expected that you don't remember him.
Kaveh: I've always had a hard time appreciating the way that the Akademiya pressures people by labeling them as geniuses.
Kaveh: But even so, the Akademiya can't be left to you.
Kaveh: Or perhaps I should say that I'm delighted to see that you have a base amount of self-awareness. If the people in the Akademiya haven't gone mad, they'd know that I'm much more suited to be a sage than you.
Alhaitham: And I suppose they'd let everyone know that your career as a sage will be as shaky as that painting?
Kaveh: Again, that's mighty rich coming from someone about to resign. In a few days, you'll be managing files again. You'll be back at rock bottom.
Alhaitham: But my salary will likely stay the same.
Kaveh: Wait, what? How come!? Why do you get special treatment!?
Alhaitham: At least I don't have to be an architectural designer who works himself to death just to get a smile from his client.
Kaveh: Y—You...
Kaveh: I took time out of my day to clean the living room for you, and this is the thanks I get for it!? I'd have been better off catching up on my work — I still have designs to finish.
Alhaitham: Make sure to pay back the rent you owe me. I'm going to buy some furniture with that Mora.
Kaveh: Wha... Are you trying to annoy me to death!? The decorations you buy keep getting uglier and uglier. What's the point of having a boring wood carving in your house?
Alhaitham: You'll have to blame that on my financial freedom.
Kaveh: Fine, go ahead and hide behind your financial success if you want. But if we forget Mora for a second, do you have anything of true value to boast about?
Alhaitham: I think I'd have too many choices, to be honest. You, on the other hand... can you think of any redeeming features at all?
Kaveh: Artistry, for sure! You don't know the first thing about interior design. Don't go off buying random furniture unless you take me with you!
Alhaitham: So I'll have to bring you along and then buy you drinks?
Kaveh: Of course!
Alhaitham: But why would I do that? It would just be another form of a loan, and you'd have to pay me back eventually.
Kaveh: Can't you just be nice and not ask for the Mora back?
Alhaitham: Pretending that you're not in debt is as ridiculous as pretending you're not living in someone else's home. Word will get out sooner or later.
Kaveh: Speaking of which, your friends won't say anything, right? Tell them to keep all this a secret.
Alhaitham: There's no need to hide it so carefully — I think the truth's already out. You're such a lightweight that a few drinks at the tavern had you spilling all your beans.
Kaveh: What? ...No, it can't be...