# Talk Dialog

Varesa: Hello, boss! I'm from the Collective of Plenty. You might recall receiving a letter from us requesting you to design some components...
Paimon: Wait a sec, why does Iansan need clockwork meka?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Is she planning to build some kind of robotic personal trainer...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: To whip lazy trainees into shape?
Varesa: Nothing like that! Our coach just wants to fine-tune her gym equipment so people can target different muscle groups more easily.
Varesa: She mentioned something about a "rowing machine" to focus on back muscles, as well as a "pec deck" and a "leg press machine"...
Varesa: The parts that connect the ropes and weight plates wear out easily, but they need to be strong, so Coach Iansan thought she'd give Fontainian clockwork meka a try.
Paimon: It all sounds so technical! When did fitness turn into some kind of complex engineering problem?
Varesa: Hehe, to be honest, I don't really get all the details either. But if it works out, I'll be sure to train according to her revised method!
Varesa: And if it doesn't... we can always stick to the good old methods!
Varesa: If you're interested, I can show you a few beginner exercises the next time you drop by our tribe!
Varesa: You'll be able to smash the records without even breaking a sweat, I know it!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Sure thing. Time to flex those guns!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Not necessarily. I tend to rely more on technique!
Paimon: Uh... Paimon'll pass on that one... She'll be rooting for you from the sidelines, though!
Varesa: You can always try the equipment we keep for little saurians, Paimon! As long as you start out with the super light weights, you'll be fine!
Varesa: Weight training's for everyone, y'know! As long as you put in the effort and keep at it, anyone can develop rock-solid muscles!
Paimon: Eh, no...
Black Screen Text: You spend some time chatting about fitness with Varesa while strolling around the Quartier Lyonnais, then agree to regroup at the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland later on...