# Talk Dialog

Dehya: #Hey, Traveler, Paimon!
Dehya: What a coincidence, running into you guys here!
Paimon: Dehya? Paimon didn't expect to see you here either!
Traveler: Here to see the sights?
Dehya: Haha, as it turns out, both!
Dehya: A while back, myself and some other members of the Blazing Beasts were invited over to star in an adventure film here in Fontaine.
Dehya: The film was pretty well-received, so as soon as the director heard about this event, we were invited here as guests.
Dehya: To satisfy the audience, the director took pains to recreate sets from the film...
Paimon: Guess that's not scenery most Fontainians see every day, huh...
Traveler: Did you appear in the film, Dehya?
Dehya: Me? Ahaha... Unfortunately, I got a little too into one of the action scenes, accidentally wrecked half the set, and got the boot. I ended up just doing odd jobs instead...
Paimon: Wait, aren't fight scenes supposed to be as realistic as possible...? Surely the more punches that land, the better?
Dehya: Well, the production team didn't have much of a budget, so if they'd shot a few more takes and the set collapsed again, they would've gone bust.
Dehya: Plus, even the toughest fighter we had in the crew, Uncle Scimitar, couldn't last more than a few moves against me!
Traveler: And what was his role in the film?
Dehya: Actually, no. He was playing one of the key villains, and was supposed to perform a grand sword dance in front of the protagonist. If things had gone how they were meant to, it would have been an amazing fight scene.
Dehya: But the lead actor, exhausted from working all day, was so hungry and in a rush to wrap the scene that he improvised and pretended to shoot him with a gun instead.
Dehya: After thinking it over, the director decided to keep the scene — and to our surprise, the audience loved it. It even turned Uncle Scimitar into a bit of a star!
Traveler: Heh, thought I'd seen that guy somewhere before...
Dehya: In a little while, he's gonna be very busy signing autographs for fans — something I should really be helping out with, actually.
Dehya: But now that I've run into you guys, how about this... I go give them a heads up, get them to cover for me, and then we go out for a drink or two?
Paimon: Eh? You sure that's okay?
Dehya: Hey, we're old friends, so why not? Running into you and Paimon here in a foreign land is the best surprise I've had today!
Dehya: I heard about a bar called The Rusty Rudder along the coast to the southeast. I'll see you there!
Traveler: Pretty sure I've done something similar before myself...
Traveler: Hopefully not just to get pummeled into submission by you...?
Traveler: I'd love to see the scenes you starred in...
Traveler: Or are you on the job?