# Talk Dialog

Varesa: #Whoa, is that... Our hero, Traveler? And Paimon too!
Varesa: Oh, I guess I shouldn't be too surprised. Miss Escoffier already told me you were the big boss here...
Varesa: But when I saw you just now, I forgot myself for a moment...
Traveler: Me, the big boss? For real, now?
Paimon: Technically speaking, the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland doesn't even have a boss, does it?
Paimon: Isn't the idea that everyone works together to make it as successful as possible, and then we all share the profits?
Paimon: But wait a sec... Why are you here, Varesa?
Varesa: Mm... Well, officially, I'm here to promote my brand!
Varesa: Not long ago, Miss Escoffier placed an order with me for her restaurant, as she often does.
Varesa: In her letter, she mentioned that showcasing my orchard's products at the festival would boost sales and help build my brand recognition, hehe!
Varesa: After talking it through with my parents, I decided to give it a shot.
Varesa: Now that I'm done with the restaurant's ingredient order, I plan to sell the rest of my fruit directly to guests — to help quench their thirst, of course!
Paimon: The thought of enjoying fresh fruit from Natlan here in Fontaine does sound pretty appealing...
Paimon: But with this many customers, wouldn't it be exhausting to watch the stall all day?
Varesa: Huh? Am I supposed to be watching the stall the whole time...?
Varesa: There's an attraction over there called Movie Masterpieces, right? I heard some of the challenges are based on famous films.
Varesa: Some of those films have even been adapted into great comics. I'd love to go give it a try!
Paimon: So you're not doing any business at all?
Varesa: Back in the Collective of Plenty, I'd just set up a sign with the fruit prices, place a weighing scale and a coin jar to one side, then let people pay on their own...
Varesa: When closing time came around, I'd wake up and check the accounts — not a single Mora's ever gone missing!
Traveler: You've got a lot of trust in people!
Paimon: To be fair, that does sound nice! People in the Collective of Plenty are a law-abiding bunch. No one would even think about taking something without paying... Makes sense that tending your stall wouldn't take too much effort.
Paimon: Fontainian customers are no doubt trustworthy too, but... Let's just say they're not used to "self-service shopping"!
Paimon: Plus, if you just leave the stall unattended as a Natlanese merchant, people here might think you're gone for good!
Varesa: In that case, I'd better start acting the part!
Varesa: But I'll need to buy some things in the city before I officially open for business...
Varesa: I promised to bring back some Fontainian clockwork meka for Coach Iansan.
Varesa: Oh, and I also wanted to try a few rounds of Movie Masterpieces. After that, I should be able to focus on my business without getting distracted!
Traveler: We'll go with you.
Paimon: Mm-hmm! We might not be locals, but we've explored Fontaine quite a bit. We know our way around pretty well!
Varesa: In that case, give me a moment to get some extra fruit, a price list, and my coin jar set up!
Varesa: #Hehe, I get to go shopping with Traveler! Nice!
Traveler: We're a talented pair of shoppers.
Traveler: I'm just an operations staff member.