# Talk Dialog

Lynette: Mmm... Detecting the arrival of my two most esteemed friends. Activating chat mode...
Lynette: #Hello, Traveler and Paimon.
Traveler: Hello, Lynette!
Lynette: Yes. A director we know invited us to come here and "unwind." Just as well. It's an opportunity to recharge.
Paimon: "Us"...? Wait, but Paimon hasn't seen Lyney anywhere!
Lynette: Well... That's his own fault.
Lynette: We've been working with this director a lot lately, so my brother took it upon himself to familiarize himself with their style... And ended up watching all of their films.
Paimon: All of them? That's some serious dedication right there...
Lynette: The issue is, this director is famous for psychological horror films.
Lynette: Lyney got so into the plot twists that he didn't sleep properly for three days straight and ended up completely messing up his sleep cycle.
Paimon: Paimon had no idea Lyney was so into horror films!
Lynette: He tends to get very absorbed in his magic shows, so he probably finds it easy to relate to the characters.
Lynette: The way the director uses psychological suggestion is quite similar to how we use it in our shows, after all.
Lynette: My brother's still over at the actors' residence. If I had to guess, he's either catching up on sleep or analyzing those films...
Lynette: So that's why I'm out here recharging by myself.
Paimon: Well that's a side of Lyney we've never seen before...
Traveler: Now I'm curious about these plot twists myself...
Paimon: Don't even think about roping Paimon into this!
Lynette: Me neither. I don't like jump scares or stories that give you the chills afterward.
Lynette: Shouldn't films be relaxing? Something with beautiful visuals, or at least a simple plot that doesn't require too much thinking?
Paimon: Hmm... Sounds like Eclectic Escapades would be more to your liking, then. Wanna give it a try?
Lynette: Thank you, I've actually done so already. I really liked it.
Lynette: But maybe watching others would be even more entertaining...
Traveler: I get you...
Paimon: Uh, is that really that entertaining...?
Paimon: Still, if you're interested in the attraction, why not become a consultant? That way, you'd get to see more of the visitors' reactions, too!
Lynette: That... doesn't sound like a bad idea. And as it happens, I do have a few days off before filming starts.
Lynette: But first, I need to help Lyney pull himself together...
Lynette: I noticed an attraction nearby called "Mellow Manor" that looks really relaxing. Sounds like just what my brother needs to take his mind off those horror films...
Lynette: Plus, some magic tricks require animal assistants, so it'll be a chance for me to learn more about their habits.
Traveler: Seeing as we're the hosts...
Paimon: Great idea! If we can get Lyney on board, the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland will be even more popular than it already is!
Traveler: Why don't we go invite Lyney in person later on?
Traveler: That priceless look on people's faces as they plummet...
Traveler: Which scenes is Lyney focusing on in particular?
Traveler: Were you invited as a special guest too?