# Talk Dialog

Dehya: Here you are!
Dehya: I took the liberty of ordering you a "Misty Sunrise." It's basically Bulle Fruit juice, but flavored with Romaritime Flower and Nilotpala Lotus extracts.
Dehya: For Paimon, I picked "Cloudtop Slumber" — a special blend of Milk and Single-Origin Yauwan Tea, topped with whipped cream and sugar.
Paimon: They both sound delicious!
Paimon: But how come you seem so familiar with this bar when it's your first time here? Paimon's never even heard of the drinks you ordered us!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: We wouldn't even know where to start.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: We'd never have thought of ordering drinks like these.
Dehya: Hah, all part of the job. Bein' a merc means adapting to new environments. You get used to dealing with the unknown.
Dehya: Taverns in different parts of Teyvat all have unique customs, sure, but you pick up some tricks when it comes to chatting up bartenders.
Dehya: Honestly, having a stable job might bring you a sense of structure and security, but it sure gets boring over time.
Dehya: Never a dull moment when I'm with you guys, though! There's always something unexpected to keep me on my toes.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Pff, I like to think we're pretty down to earth!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Yeah... We've seen some really wild stuff.
Dehya: Anything exciting lately? I'm all ears.
Paimon: Hmm, where to begin... Literally everything that's happened has been pretty incredible, if you think about it...
Black Screen Text: You tell Dehya about your recent experiences...
Dehya: Whew, the jobs you've taken on are no joke. If a merc was to price them, any one would be worth what some merchants make in six months.
Dehya: Which reminds me — have you ever thought about part-timing as a hired sword?
Dehya: Every now and then, the Blazing Beasts receive commissions from some really far-flung places. If you guys were on board, we wouldn't need to cut deals with outsiders.
Paimon: Huh? So we could become mercs too?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: It sure sounds like a pretty cool title.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: But I'm already an adventurer!
Dehya: Well, who says you can't be both? You're also an Honorary Knight of Mondstadt, right? As far as I see it, every new title is a new opportunity — a foot in the door wherever you go.
Dehya: Besides, with your skills, who'd dare to push tasks on you? If it suits you, take it. If not, just turn it down. You'd be the ones calling the shots.
Paimon: That actually makes a lot of sense... When you think about it, it's not all that different from adventure commissions.
Paimon: Who knows, maybe we'll find jobs where we can help a lot of people while also bringing in a nice chunk of Mora! Wouldn't hurt to build connections with Dehya's Eremite friends either, would it?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Sure, we can try it out.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Partners of the Blazing Beasts... I like the sound of it!
Dehya: Awesome! In that case, I'll have a word with my guys and gals when I get back. I'll try to get you first dibs on the best and most lucrative jobs!
Dehya: We'll need to figure out which areas we'll be assigning you commissions for... But I'll talk that over with the others.
Black Screen Text: You have fun chatting with Dehya while enjoying your drinks. Before parting ways, you agree to meet up again at the Chevalmarin Film Fantasyland sometime soon...