# Talk Dialog

Darwish: So, how about it? Fancy a crack at the "Companion Caper Chronicles" test?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Can I replay the tutorial?
        Darwish: Of course! Consolidating the knowledge you've already gained is a hugely important step... Let me just set up the map and game board!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: About the "Companion Caper Chronicles"...
        Darwish: Oh, you're probably wondering where the idea came from. Well, interdisciplinary research is quite complicated to begin with... So we thought, why not try to make things more interesting?
        Darwish: And as long as we can prove that our format works, it could still serve as a valuable reference for real-world battles, despite being a simulation... once we have more accurate information and data to feed in, of course.
        Darwish: And they should be able to help the Corps of Thirty, too...
        Darwish: This isn't just some game. I'm taking this extremely seriously.
    Option 3:
        Traveler: About the background stories...
        Darwish: You mean the adventure narratives? Haha, we're Akademiya students, after all. Naturally, stories based on the tales of Sumeru pack a more exciting punch...
        Darwish: Not to mention, I was talking to a scholar from Vahumana the other day when inspiration hit. I told him I could make good use of what we were talking about...
        Darwish: He nodded and said, "Yes, indeed, of course. Once you've put things into place, you simply must show me your results!"
        Darwish: A lively fellow, if I do say so myself!
    Option 4:
        Traveler: About Atashye and Fadaweh...
        Darwish: Atashye joined the Akademiya around the same time I did, while Fadaweh arrived sometime later...
        Darwish: Atashye may look clumsy, but there's no one more reliable when it comes to handiwork — look at this board and all the pieces we use in "simulated development"...
        Darwish: As for Fadaweh... *sigh* Every time I see her, she's arguing with someone over numbers. It's not that she has a temper — she's just incredibly serious about math.
        Darwish: Whenever she gets too heated, I usually have to calm things down... That's how we ended up becoming friends.
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Maybe later...
        Darwish: Alright, alright.