# Talk Dialog

Paimon: #Hehe, Traveler, Paimon's back!
Paimon: Officer Edler took Paimon along to question those meany-weany bad guys. Paimon learned a lot about interrogations!
Traveler: So you had fun?
Paimon: So much fun! Making bad guys break down and admit their motives, and then be all like "I'm so sorry, I regret everything." It's like putting a big fat period at the end of a horrible sentence!
Paimon: What about you? Did Yelan enjoy her holiday?
Traveler: We had a great time.
Paimon: Paimon didn't realize before, but thinking about it, Yelan really is an expert at being busy.
Paimon: Catching all these oh-so-many criminals and making it look like a piece of cake...
Paimon: *sigh* The next time we see her, Paimon'll have to ask how she does it. Maybe she can teach Paimon how to manage her time better and still stay full of energy!
Traveler: Why are you so motivated all of a sudden?
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon just wants to help you as much as she can!
Paimon: You keep getting stronger, so Paimon has to work hard to keep up!
Paimon: Okay, it's time for our next adventure. Let's go!
Traveler: Paimon, the eager student. I'm impressed!
Traveler: We agreed to meet up in Nod-Krai.
Traveler: Did you intimidate any bad guys?
Paimon: P—Paimon hopes so...
Paimon: Paimon's forehead hurts from pulling mean faces, and Paimon's eyes hurt from giving scary stares.
Paimon: #As soon as they heard Paimon's companion is the great and mighty Traveler, the bad guys almost wet themselves! They told us everything we wanted to know after that.
Traveler: Maybe I should try being a little more intimidating...
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon's trying really hard, but Paimon just can't picture it...
Paimon: #Traveler is always so nice and calm. You never get angry when you talk to Paimon. Even at your fiercest, being scary's not your thing.
Paimon: You don't get mad when facing ordinary bad guys. So, what would it take to make you really lose your temper? A super-duper bad guy? A super-duper-wuper bad guy?
Paimon: We've been through a lot — too much to get our feathers ruffled by run-of-the-mill scoundrels!
Traveler: You're right. We're above all that!
Paimon: With everything we've seen this time, we're sure to take future adventures in our stride!
Paimon: #No matter what we face, Paimon hopes that Traveler can always stay calm and come out on top!
Paimon: That way, Paimon doesn't have to worry, and we can carry on being super happy once the bad guys are dealt with!
Traveler: ...Like turning myself into an avatar of pure terror...
Traveler: ...And leaving the bad guys running away, screaming and crying...