# Talk Dialog

Cairuo: ...All fifteen samples have been collected and encased in low-temperature vessels — two layers, one metal, one ceramic — ready to be shipped tonight.

Yelan: Take them to the Flower-Feather Clan via express ship. From there, get them on priority shipping using the couriers' "Blue Bolt" service. Once they reach the northern edge of the Children of Echoes, transfer them to another boat that'll go east and arrive at Yilong Wharf through a special customs checkpoint. Speed is of the essence.

Cairuo: Got it. A combination of Plan B3 and Plan C2, then...

Cairuo: #Huh... It's Traveler! How did you do that? It's like you just appeared right there without even making the slightest noise...

Yelan: #Don't be nervous, just treat him like he's your boss.

Yelan: #Interesting timing. Traveler, meet Cairuo, she's with us.

Cairuo: I'll leave you to it then. Miss Yelan, I'll ensure everything is arranged to your specifications.

Traveler: Were you just arranging a delivery?

Traveler: Are these important cargo?

Yelan: They're plant and mineral samples containing kuuvahki. I'm sending them back to Liyue for the Ministry of Civil Affairs to analyze.

Traveler: Plants and minerals...

Traveler: ...And that needs to be done in secret?

Yelan: Nothing escapes you.

Yelan: There are also some pictures relating to the Fatui among these samples.

Traveler: So that's why you're here?

Yelan: It's one of the reasons. But I'm also here to purchase some intel from Nefer, boss of the Curatorium of Secrets.

Traveler: Nefer...

Traveler: ...Has information about Liyue?

Yelan: ...

Yelan: Have you ever heard of the "Northern Intelligence Network"?

Traveler: What's that...?

Yelan: It's essentially a forum for intel exchange — a loosely structured organization with no real rules or regulations.

Yelan: Nefer currently represents this Northern Intelligence Network, and the Curatorium she operates is its primary point of sale.

Yelan: If intel was all they sold, that would be one thing, but it's said the network has spies planted in every region, and that they're always on the lookout for even more informants.

Traveler: Even in Liyue...?

Yelan: In no small part thanks to the efforts of my colleagues, the network's tendrils have been unable to take hold in Liyue.

Yelan: It doesn't matter if they send official representatives or smuggle in spies — they are met with a polite but firm "rejection" every time.

Yelan: I imagine that we must be one of the very few "unknowns" remaining on their map of the world.

Traveler: Yet she's still willing to sell you intel?

Yelan: Haha, business is business, and Mora talks. She's not one to say no to a big bag of coins.

Traveler: Aren't you worried she might resort to drastic measures?

Yelan: Why would she? Nefer's too smart to hold a grudge when it comes to business, and she's not one to say no to a big bag of coins.

Yelan: Other factors notwithstanding, I'm a valuable customer. The Northern Intelligence Network has plenty of information that only I'm willing to buy.

Traveler: Wait, wait, wait... You said, "I'm" a valuable customer?

Traveler: And here I thought the Ministry...

Yelan: Well done for picking up on my phrasing — you're getting good at finding clues.

Yelan: Up until now, all of my dealings with the network have been of a personal nature. The Ministry has nothing to do with it.

Traveler: She's willing to deal with Li...

Traveler: Ahem, willing to deal with you?

Yelan: Of course. Let's just say I have lots of... influence.

Traveler: And by "influence," you mean...?

Yelan: Mora.

Yelan: Lots and lots of Mora. More than enough to influence dear Lady Nefer.

Traveler: That's the Yelan I know...

Yelan: With someone like her, it's better to spend a little Mora than to end up owing a favor.

Yelan: It's important to remain vigilant in your dealings with her — she's not an easy person to deal with.

Yelan: If you ever see us together, chances are we're conducting business.

Yelan: If you have any trust in me at all, then cover your ears and stay out of it. That'll save you a whole world of trouble.

Yelan: Anyway, that's enough chit-chat, I still have some preparations to make. Goodbye for now.

Yelan: #...Oh, and Traveler, before I go. If you don't mind me saying, you may wish to return to Liyue for a cup of tea.

Yelan: Even if stray winds blow, the mountains of Liyue should shield you while you drink.

Yelan: These show their research facilities, their current weaponry, and the distribution of their camps. Liyue's a long way from Nod-Krai, but it never hurts to be prepared.

Yelan: Dealing with her always requires a lot of preparation — both mental and financial.

Yelan: But you can find well-connected people from all walks of life there who are willing to trade information — as long as you can pay their price.