# Talk Dialog

Unknown Role (None): Would you like to chat?

Unknown Role (None): Certainly. Are you interested in mathematics? I often used that to pass the time while I dwelt on the moon.

Unknown Role (None): I have not laid my arithmetic tomes down after arriving in Liyue either. I sometimes discuss the study of the mathematical sciences with the one you call Cloud Retainer.

Unknown Role (None): That said... our perspectives on it seem to differ somewhat.

Unknown Role (None): Most of Cloud Retainer's research in the field centers around studying the mechanical arts. She believes that mathematics should have practical applications, and not remain purely theoretical.

Unknown Role (None): However, I believe that it is wondrous in itself. To study mathematics solely for the purpose of creating mechanical devices would inevitably destroy its inherent beauty.

Unknown Role (None): The... the beauty of numbers and mathematics?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. For example... have you ever wondered why one finch plus another finch equals two finches?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... what now? Of course it's two...

Unknown Role (None): H—How many else could it be?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. This is a natural law, one that everyone knows.

Unknown Role (None): So, were we to express our observations as an equation, that is, write down "one plus one equals two"...

Unknown Role (None): Would you not think to ask, "Why does one plus one equals two?"

Unknown Role (None): Uh... come again? It's still two...

Unknown Role (None): What else could it be, three?

Unknown Role (None): As I see it, though it is widely accepted that "one plus one equals two," it still lacks... a more objective and rigorous logical grounding.

Unknown Role (None): I have conferred with Cloud Retainer several times already on this point alone.

Unknown Role (None): She initially thought that such discourse was "nonsense," but after hearing my explanation, she, too, became interested in this type of theoretical research.

Unknown Role (None): We spoke until midnight, and were still hungry to explore the subject more deeply, but as we both had matters to attend to, we could only agree to adjourn and continue the discussion another day.

Unknown Role (None): I heard the Sumeru Akademiya is also researching mathematics...

Unknown Role (None): You mean the Darshan they call "Rtawahist," I presume? Hehe, I did once visit them during my previous wanderings.

Unknown Role (None): The research being conducted there seems incredibly profound. I gained tremendous insight from reading but a few of their books.

Unknown Role (None): That is why I'm preparing to apply to the Akademiya to further my studies.

Unknown Role (None): An adeptus of Liyue...

Unknown Role (None): Going to study at the Akademiya...

Unknown Role (None): I see nothing wrong with that. When one encounters a great teacher, it's only natural to seek their guidance.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, the Akademiya must be a gathering place of sages. I do not doubt they uphold the principle of education for all, and will not easily reject those who seek to study there.

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yeah, probably...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... It seems I shall learn a great many new stories on my journey to Sumeru.