# Talk Dialog

Noelle: Gale Blade!

Traveler: Huh? Noelle?

Traveler: I thought you were Ellin for a second there...

Noelle: Oh, Honorary Knight! Hello! Ellin's off moving some new wooden dummies in. Is there something you'd like to ask her?

Traveler: Not really, I was simply passing through...

Traveler: Were you... practicing using Gale Blade just now?

Noelle: That's right. I've been discussing swordplay with Ellin over the past few days, and the topic of Master Jean's legendary Gale Blade came up.

Noelle: Though neither of us has an Anemo Vision, the techniques underpinning it are still worth careful study.

Noelle: After talking it over, we decided to use wooden dummies to practice. Ellin's great with a sword, you know. Her every move is incredibly precise.

Noelle: But... Although I know that moves like this require exactness and finesse, and I've practiced a lot, I still can't quite accurately grasp the essence of the technique...

Noelle: I'm already doing my best to maintain control, but each time I swing my sword, I always end up destroying every dummy at once. I just haven't reached that level.

Traveler: You're using a claymore... for her Gale Blade...

Traveler: You know, I'm not surprised that this happened to you...

Noelle: I'd love to practice with a one-handed sword, but... They're all just too light. They feel so alien to my hand, I can't comfortably wield them at all.

Noelle: Also, most of those blades are just too flimsy, and go flying off the hilt as I wave them around, sometimes burying themselves straight into the ground...

Noelle: Last time I was practicing outside the city, one little mistake sent a blade flying right up to the top of the Cathedral, and it slammed into the steeple bell.

Noelle: The sound was like thunder, and that sent Sister Victoria into a panic. She rushed straightaway to our headquarters, saying that the city might be under attack.

Noelle: Master Jean had to spend a good long time explaining things to her before she was calm enough to leave...

Noelle: I've already asked Mr. Wagner to forge a super heavy single-handed sword for me, though I'm not sure when he'll finish it...

Noelle: *sigh* I do hope that its blade won't get flung off when I swing it...

Black Screen Text: Ellin appears in the distance, hauling over wooden dummies, and Noelle rushes over to her to help...