# Talk Dialog

Xianyun: Oh, you... You should've spent your salary on a good meal for yourself, or saved it, or something. To waste it on nothing is...
Shenhe: You are my closest kin, Master. According to the customs of mortals, I should demonstrate filial piety...
Xianyun: ...
Paimon: Cl— Err, Xianyun, Shenhe, what are you two talking about?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Hello there, Xianyun.

Option 2:

> Traveler: We meet again, Shenhe.

Xianyun: It has been a while, indeed. Have you come all this way to visit one, then?
Paimon: O—Of course! Friendships need to be maintained from time to time, don't they?
Paimon: Also... Paimon overheard you talking about a "good meal"... Hehe, is there something Paimon should know about that?
Shenhe: We were not discussing food, Paimon. Master was simply giving me guidance just now.
Shenhe: Many of the restaurant's younger customers have signed their parents up for the most popular group tour around. When I heard that their tours were designed specifically for seniors, I signed Master up as well.
Shenhe: They're called "Seniorjoy Tours." Here, have a look at their pamphlet.
Paimon: "O'er mountains tall and rivers wide, come see Liyue's wondrous sights"...
Paimon: Accommodation at special guest suites, tasting authentic local delicacies, traveling in exclusive carriages...
Paimon: Wow... Paimon kinda wants to try this out, too!
Xianyun: Hmph. One had already traveled the length and breadth of this land long before the name "Liyue" even came to be. What sights could there possibly be that one has not yet beheld?
Paimon: Also, a trip this luxurious couldn't have been cheap, right?
Xianyun: *cough* It cost three months of her salary... and then some.
Xianyun: *sigh* And you didn't think to confer with one before putting down the deposit either... Well, one has no choice but to go now, surely?
Shenhe: I would gladly spend my entire salary if it would make you happy, Master.
Xianyun: Oh, you silly... It is enough to have your devotion, Shenhe.
Xianyun: But now that it's come to this, Shenhe, let us—
Shenhe: Understood. I'll cancel the registration on your behalf, Master.
Xianyun (Xianyun & Paimon): Huh?
Shenhe: You're right, Master. I was too impulsive.
Shenhe: The tour group manager was very convincing, but I'd rather listen to you, Master. I'll find him and cancel the registration as soon as possible.
Paimon: W—Wait, haven't you paid the deposit already?
Xianyun: R—Right. Leaving the matter of getting the Mora back aside, it would be such a hassle...
Shenhe: It's no trouble. The manager promised me that the cost would be refundable. I will try my best to negotiate with words — and if an altercation occurs, that will only make things easier.
Xianyun: What... You... *sigh* Forget it!
Xianyun: Go, do what you must. The hour grows late — I shall return and cook for Shuyu!
Paimon: Uh oh, what do we do? She's mad for sure... C'mon, we've gotta think of something!
Paimon: Hey, um...
Shenhe: Hmm?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Don't worry too much about it...

Option 2:

> Traveler: She won't stay angry for long, I'm sure...

Shenhe: Master's angry? Why would that be?
Shenhe: After that, is she still upset at how I spent my salary...?
Paimon: No, no, she's definitely not mad at you! Don't blame yourself, okay?
Paimon: But even though she said she didn't wanna go, she's really proud of you anyway! You should've seen her smile while we were chatting — any wider, and it would've split her face in two!
Paimon: She's probably just disappointed because she was looking forward to this trip, and it went up in smoke...
Shenhe: ...
Shenhe: So if we proceed as originally planned, she'll be more than happy to go along with it. Is that what you mean?
Paimon: #What do you think, Traveler?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I've got a better idea.

Option 2:

> Traveler: How about this? Let me design an exclusive, custom itinerary for Xianyun instead.

Paimon: An exclusive... Ooh, Paimon gets it! You're going to put together a travel itinerary tailored just for her, right?
Paimon: #That sounds like a good plan. Nice one, Traveler! Oh, and what do you think, Shenhe?
Shenhe: You're the experienced one here. I trust your judgment.
Paimon: #Just leave it to us. {F#She}{M#He}'s the world-famous Traveler, after all, and Paimon's {F#her}{M#his} super-awesome guide!
Paimon: We'll come up with a trip that's up to Xianyun's standards, for sure!
Traveler: An Adeptus Abroad: The Great Pleasure Excursion! Let's go!
Paimon: Yup! Since she's seen all there is to see in Liyue already, let's take the opportunity to bring her to places further afield.
Paimon: Hmm. We're spoiled for choice, though. Where should we recommend she go first?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Mondstadt, the City of Wind and Freedom.

Option 2:

> Traveler: A fine place to start a journey.

Paimon: Makes sense. That's where we started out, too, after all!
Paimon: Mondstadt City, Starsnatch Cliff, Windrise, and Sweet Madames... Gotta jot everything down...
Shenhe: Is there anything I can help you with?

Option 1:

> Traveler: There is something that only you can do...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Give this Mondstadt Travel Guide to Xianyun.

Shenhe: Understood. I will.
Shenhe: #Thank you, Paimon. And thank you, Traveler.