# Talk Dialog

Biao: Long was the road, and treacherous the way, as we guarded our client... Many trials and tribulations did we endure. Are you mad at me for only returning to see you now?
Mei: How could I be? I just...
Mei: "As clouds by morning, as rain by night, I dwell ever in the mountain's sight." Though we could not meet, I thought of you every single day we were apart.
Biao: Oh, Mei...
Shenhe: ...
Paimon: Hey there, Shenhe!
Shenhe: Huh... Oh, it's you. What brings you here?
Paimon: #Oh, {F#s}he was just saying that we haven't been to Wanmin Restaurant in a while, but we've got time today, so we decided to swing by for some lunch! Um, is Chef Mao not in today?
Shenhe: He's out buying some ingredients, so I'm looking after the store today.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You were in deep thought just a moment ago...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Something on your mind?
Shenhe: No, it's fine now.
Shenhe: What would you like to eat? I can make it for you — I've learned a few things from Chef Mao while working here.
Paimon: Ooh, really? What can you cook, then?
Shenhe: Hmm. There's Grilled Tiger Fish, Jueyun Chili Chicken...
Paimon: Awesome, those are all some of our favorites!
Shenhe: Yes, I've noticed you ordered them during previous visits.
Shenhe: Just wait a moment. Leave the cooking to me.
Traveler: We'll help you out.
Paimon: That's right! Paimon, the Great Gourmand and taster of countless delicacies, is here to give you some tips today.
Paimon: Let's go!
Paimon: #Whoa, the veggies got chopped in a heartbeat — that's Traveler for you!
Paimon: Uh, hang on, isn't the flame a bit too high— Hey, hey, Shenhe! Smoke's pouring out from beneath the stove!
Shenhe: No need to worry. Cryo incarnate!
Paimon: ...Wait, why'd you freeze over the stove too!?
Paimon: Hmm... Huh? This tastes... surprisingly good.
Paimon: The chili chicken's taken on a whole new texture after being flash frozen. Have we... discovered a new dish by accident?
Paimon: Mmm, delicious! Hehe, come try some, you two!
Shenhe: I'm glad it tastes good. Let's cook together again sometime.
Wangfa: Hello there, are you open for business right now?
Paimon: Oh, looks like more customers are starting to show up. Guess you should get back to work, Shenhe.
Shenhe: Yes. I'll go have a look.
Wangfa: "Sunset Red Tours"? You sure a name like that will bring in clients?
Decai: Oh, come on. We can work on the name later. What I'm telling you is that "sending your elderly family out on tours" is a thing youngsters do to show their filial piety nowadays, so they say. It's a business opportunity not to be missed!
Decai: ...Sorry, could we order, please?