# Talk Dialog

Diona: Nothing here either... Even this one's empty...

Diona: How did this happen...

Traveler: Hunting again, Diona?

Diona: Yeah... But...

Traveler: Did something happen?

Diona: I placed a bunch of the newest models of mechanical traps around here earlier, and filled them with foods that all kinds of animals like.

Diona: But I just checked all of them, and I didn't catch a single animal, even though the food's all gone missing...

Diona: When I bought these, they were like, the traps'll be so well-hidden that even the person who laid them won't be able to find them... And sure enough, they are harder to see now than when I placed them — because the bait's all gone!

Traveler: Were the traps damaged by some kind of external force?

Diona: No, there's just a strong smell of withered leaves now.

Traveler: What bait did you use?

Diona: Let me think... fowl breast, forest boar thigh, Pinecones, and Sunsettias...

Diona: The carrot-colored Valberry Sucrose gave me earlier, Lizard Tails left over from mixing drinks, homemade Cold Cut Platter, and some imported Bulle Fruit that a neighbor sent us...

Traveler: (An eclectic mix of both normal and unusual bait...)

Diona: ...A test drink mix that I made out of Bulle Fruit and Mint, some Bass from Springvale that I fished up on my way out the door... oh! And the Calla Lilies Sucrose sent me before... Yeah, that's about it.

Traveler: And everything went missing?

Traveler: Even the drinks...

Diona: Yeah! It's all gone, and that's the annoying part! Whoever the culprit was, they'll eat just about anything, and a ton of anything, at that!

Diona: Oh, but at least they didn't take the drink bowl. So there's that...

Diona: What a cunning little thief... Maybe it was a fox? They live in the woods, and they eat just about anything.

Diona: Hang on. There's movement in the bushes!

Traveler: Annnnd that's not the "culprit" we're looking for.

Diona: Hmph. I shouldn't have listened to those old drunks. "It'll save you time, Diona!" "It's convenient, Diona!" "The best hunters in Teyvat are using the new traps, Diona!"

Diona: It's all nonsense. I hunt best — and fastest — with my bow!

Traveler: So what do we do now?

Traveler: Do you want to retrieve all the traps, one by one?

Diona: No! I'm not giving up here!

Diona: If... If the other hunters learn of how I've been had... the Kätzlein name would be dragged through the mud...

Traveler: Ah, so this is about dignity...

Diona: This time, I'm going to mix some numbing herbs into the bait, enough to lay out any small animals.

Diona: Eat all you want, you sneaky little thief! I'm going to catch you, if it's the last thing I do!