# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Hey there, Xianyun! We meet again!
Xianyun: Quiet, now!
Paimon: Eh? What is it?
Xianyun: Be sure that you do not scare yonder pigeons away. One has awaited them here for quite some time. Failure is not an option...
Paimon: Ooh, do you also want to have some grilled fowl?
Xianyun: A preposterous notion! One has never taken an innocent life, nor shall one start. It is a photo-taking opportunity that one seeks here!
Paimon: Sorry, sorry! Paimon was overthinking things there!
Traveler: Let me give you a hand!
Xianyun: Sure. Your abilities are most worthy of confidence.
Xianyun: Do bear in mind that you must catch both the giant fan blade mechanism and the pigeons on the bridge in the frame. Hardly a challenge to you, one trusts.
Traveler: Not a problem. Shall we?
Xianyun: Now then, what pose should one strike this time?

Option 1:

> Traveler: One that could dazzle anyone who sees it!
> Xianyun: How about... this, then? Are the fan blade mechanisms and pigeons within the frame?

Option 2:

> Traveler: One that might blend in with the local ambiance, perhaps?
> Xianyun: How about... this, then? Are the fan blade mechanisms and pigeons within the frame?

Option 3:

> Traveler: One that could dazzle anyone who sees it!
> Xianyun: How about... this, then? Are the fan blade mechanisms and pigeons within the frame?
> Traveler: Let's go with the pose that blends in better with the local feel.
> Xianyun: One has observed the soldiers outside the city doing thusly...
> Traveler: Let's go with that super-stunning pose instead.
> Xianyun: Surely you jest. One displays stunning majesty at all times! Regardless... Will this suffice?
> [Loops back to an already-shown dialog]

Option 4:

> Traveler: One that might blend in with the local ambiance, perhaps?
> Xianyun: How about... this, then? Are the fan blade mechanisms and pigeons within the frame?
> Traveler: Let's go with that super-stunning pose instead.
> Xianyun: Surely you jest. One displays stunning majesty at all times! Regardless... Will this suffice?
> Traveler: Let's go with the pose that blends in better with the local feel.
> Xianyun: One has observed the soldiers outside the city doing thusly...
> [Loops back to an already-shown dialog]

Traveler: I think it looks great. Ready? I'm taking the picture—
Xianyun: Go ahead, then.
Xianyun: Done, then? Let one peruse the results... Hmm. Well done, as always!
Paimon: So, where have you visited recently?
Xianyun: Not long ago, one followed your guide to Windrise. Fields verdant and lush, a giant tree surrounded by the winds of wisdom — truly a blessed place.
Paimon: Hehe, we wrote all about the spots that we've been to that we thought were awesome. Windrise is a great place for a nap too, since it's nice and cool!
Xianyun: As for the rest, they have been captured on Kamera. Here, have a look.
Paimon: Let Paimon see, let Paimon see...
Paimon: Paimon gets the concept, but... Why's this Windwheel Aster so huge?
Xianyun: Oh — that we call a "close-up."
Paimon: ...And what's with this super blurry picture?
Xianyun: An artistic conception, of one's masterful making.
Paimon: Oh, okay... Anything else?
Xianyun: One has also sampled the delicacies of Mondstadt City.
Paimon: Ooh, now this one looks great! The deliciousness is just oozing out of the picture!
Xianyun: And this is a bird's eye view.
Paimon: Whooooa! How did you even manage to take this picture!?
Xianyun: Hmph. One needs only to fly into the clouds, of course. A trivial matter.
Paimon: So it really is a "bird's eye" view...
Traveler: Looks like you got a lot out of this trip, and enjoyed your time here!
Xianyun: Indeed. A foreign land though this was, your guidebook ensured the smoothness of my travels, with many a pleasant surprise.
Xianyun: Now then, one still has a leisurely stroll through the wilds planned while daylight yet lingers. Do not fret, one has your text on hand yet.