# Talk Dialog

Albert: Could I trouble you to deliver this letter to Barbara-sama on my behalf...
Rosaria: No.
Albert: Please don't misunderstand! This isn't a private letter! It's an... anthem that we of the fan club composed together!
Rosaria: I trust you remember the lyrics, then?
Albert: Uh... Well...
Rosaria: If you can't learn to patch up the holes in your story, then you shouldn't lie at all. In any case, you picked the wrong person from the get-go.
Rosaria: #Get over here, Traveler. I'm done with my assigned charity work.
Traveler: So you did know I was there.
Albert: Charity work? *cough* Please don't joke... If you really want to help me, then please, enlighten me! I just... Arrggh! I don't know how to express my feelings...
Rosaria: Is Barbara the only person left in your life?
Albert: Of course! I'd give everything for her, body and soul! She's so wonderful, and...
Rosaria: Stop right there. I don't have time for this.
Rosaria: Let me break it down for you: Prayers, performances, healing the sick... That's just a tiny sliver of Barbara's life. As a member of her fanclub...
Albert: I'm Club President.
Rosaria: That's even more reason to do some soul-searching. Looks to me like your admiration is only skin-deep. Have you ever even thought of being more like your idol?
Albert: You... You mean, that rather than having my eyes fixed on Barbara-sama all the time, I should go out and help people... and make them smile?
Rosaria: Yikes, you're giving me the ick. Go back and figure that out yourself.
Albert: ...Very well. Thank you, Sister! I'll pass your words on to everyone in the fan club!
Rosaria: Ugh. Don't tell them it was me.
Traveler: He's already run off. Enthusiastically, at that.
Rosaria: What a pain... I'm not interested in going around helping people. I'm gonna need a few extra stiff drinks later...
Traveler: But you did help him in the end.
Rosaria: That depends on him. Not that I care.
Traveler: Maybe you solved one of Barbara's problems, too.
Rosaria: Sure. That's a good thing, at least.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Looks like you're suited to being a Sister of the Church after all...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'd say you've gone above and beyond with your charity work this time.

Rosaria: Hah. I was going to invite you for a drink at Angel's Share, but it looks like you're drunk already.
Rosaria: Better not let anyone from the Church find out about this. It'll get in the way of my "real job."