# Talk Dialog

Razor: Prey... escaped. No dinner today.

Xianyun: A most fortunate young lad, you are. One hopes you were not frightened?

Xianyun: What's your name? Where do you live? Why are you out here, playing in the wilds all alone, despite your tender age? Do you not know what would happen, were you to be accosted by wild beasts?

Razor: My name is Razor. Home... is here.

Razor: So many questions. To answer... hard...

Xianyun: ...

Xianyun: You are clearly no infant, yet you struggle to speak. I sense a tragic past that few may unravel... *sigh* Truly lamentable.

Paimon: Hey, we meet again! So this is where your walk took you, huh?

Paimon: Oh, you're here too, Razor! This is Ms. Xianyun, one of our friends from Liyue!

Xianyun: You know this child?

Razor: We do. Friends.

Paimon: Yeah, we've known each other for a really long time!

Xianyun: I saw this child crouched by a Forest Boar without an attending adult in sight. Monsters were roaming not far away, and the howling of wolves could be heard constantly... Truly a harrowing sight.

Xianyun: If anything were to happen, one... Ahem, I cannot bear to imagine...

Paimon: So, it sounds like you chased the boar away, then? Feels like there might be a misunderstanding here...

Paimon: Razor must have been in the middle of hunting! He often catches Forest Boars around Wolvendom.

Paimon: You don't need to worry about him, Xianyun, he's really strong! It'll take way more than that to hurt him. Isn't that right, Razor?

Razor: Yes. Claws are very strong, very good at hunting.

Xianyun: What!? Hunting? Absurd...

Xianyun: A youth of your years should spend their days growing up without worry, in the care of family. How did this come to be...

Paimon: Well, Razor was actually raised by a wolfpack, so he's learned to hunt, sleep, and live out in the wild just like them...

Paimon: But don't worry, they absolutely do treat him like family!

Xianyun: Not only must he hunt on his own, but he eats and sleeps in the wild too? That simply will not do... He is still a growing boy...

Xianyun: ...It is time to commence my return journey. Child, you shall come with me to Liyue Harbor.

Xianyun: Leaving the rest aside, I shall ensure that you are fed and clothed... You seem quite physically capable, as well, so in time, I shall also teach you how to defend yourself...

Razor: No. Save me.

Paimon: Uh oh, did Paimon's mouth just make things worse?

Paimon: #Hey, Traveler, you're up!

Traveler: Actually, everyone in Mondstadt treats Razor really well.

Traveler: Razor himself loves living like this.

Razor: Mondstadt, lots of meat. So much, that stomach gets round, full.

Razor: Friends and lupical are there. Very warm, very important to me.

Razor: Teacher said, that place where you feel warm is home.

Xianyun: Teacher... Child, do you mean to say you have a master, then?

Razor: Teacher teaches me to talk. Tiring, difficult, but I am trying.

Xianyun: Oh? So your master also teaches you the art of communication, then?

Xianyun: ...A teacher is like a parent. I imagine, then, that their intent was to let you hone yourself alone...

Xianyun: And it is true the more a chick is coddled as they grow, the greater the risk there is that they may not be able to fly on their own once they leave the nest...

Xianyun: In this, I suspect that all who teach generally share the same concerns. I only hope that you will come to understand your master's intentions, sooner rather than later.

Razor: ...Uh.

Xianyun: Ahem. I may have been too hasty before. Why, even Ganyu and Shenhe stumbled often in their younger years. There was that one time when—

Paimon: Uh... Public service announcement! Razor's hungry!

Razor: Am I...?

Traveler: Yeah, of course you are! Didn't the Forest Boar get frightened off and all...

Xianyun: Ahem! Not to worry. This is a simple matter to resolve.

Xianyun: Just wait here a moment, and leave the rest to my new and improved supreme cuisine machine. Since we had the fortune to meet here, why not enjoy dinner together, and try some Liyue-style cuisine as well?

Paimon: Say yes, Razor! That machine thingie makes delicious, top-tier stuff that only adepti get to eat, y'know? ...Er, anyway, it's super, super good!

Xianyun: It's called a "supreme cuisine machine"! Is such a name so hard to recall?

Razor: Dinner together. Thank you, I will finish it. If you need help, I will help.

Xianyun: Hehe, you're welcome, child.

Xianyun: Simple yet well-mannered. Your teacher has taught you well indeed...

Xianyun: If you'd like, feel free to seek me out in Liyue Harbor. Bring your master along as well. My next-generation cuisine machine should be complete by then as well — there will be many more dishes to try then.

Xianyun: My lodgings are near Chihu Rock, with a nearby landmark being a miniature red-leaf tree. The fork in the road most easily causes people to lose their way... But if you do get lost, you can ask the Millelith patrolling nearby for help. Did you get all that?

Razor: ...

Razor: Too hard.

Paimon: Don't worry, we'll bring Razor along sometime, and we'll follow the smell of good food — that won't lead us astray!

Xianyun: Ha, the whirring of your mental machinations is audible, Paimon.

Xianyun: But that is fine. Nothing charms me— I mean, charms Shuyu so much about the mortal realm as a little hustle and bustle. We have an accord, then.