# Talk Dialog

Qiqi: Wow—
Qiqi: It's beautiful.
Yaoyao: Hehe, I'm so glad you like it! When I saw this view before, I just knew I had to find a chance to bring you here to see it too.
Qiqi: I like it a lot.
Qiqi: But...
Yaoyao: What's wrong? Did we have to walk too far to see it?
Qiqi: No...
Yaoyao: Are you hungry then? Or thirsty? I've got coconut milk in my bag. Would you like some?
Qiqi: It's not that...
Qiqi: I... I...
Yaoyao: It's okay, Qiqi. I'm here. I'm listening. Just take your time.
Qiqi: I...
Qiqi: I'll forget this place soon...
Yaoyao: Yeah, I know.
Qiqi: I can only remember things I can write down.
Qiqi: Things I can't write, I can't remember.
Qiqi: I was so happy today, but if I can't write it down, I'll forget.
Qiqi: The color of the leaves, the whirling wind, and your hand, Yaoyao.
Qiqi: I'll only remember... your name.
Yaoyao: That's good enough.
Yaoyao: There, there.
Qiqi: ...Huh? H—Hand...
Yaoyao: Hehe, don't you worry, Qiqi. I've got a great memory — I can remember all the phrases that Master teaches me to remember spear moves after only a few repetitions.
Yaoyao: Also, Yanfei's taught me some super cool, um, "associative mnemonics."
Yaoyao: For example, some of the leaves we saw today were golden, like the bells on my head, and others were green, like the White Jade Radishes in my basket.
Yaoyao: Leave all the things you can't remember with me. I won't forget them — I promise.
Yaoyao: Besides, this isn't the only time we'll visit this place! We can come every month, or drop by whenever we feel like it.
Yaoyao: Master always says that "diligence can make up for a lack of talent." We'll just visit this place more often... and who knows? You might just be able to remember it.
Qiqi: R—Really?
Yaoyao: Of course! Master said so, after all.
Traveler: (I'm not sure if that saying applies here. Oh well, as long as they're having fun...)
Yaoyao: Or... Hmm, did I use the saying wrong again?
Qiqi: I don't know, but I believe you, Yaoyao.
Yaoyao: Then let's make a pinky promise! I'm Streetward Rambler's disciple, and my word is as good as my bond.
Qiqi: Okay... I will, write this down.
Traveler: (This area is safe. I'll spend some more time with them before the sun sets.)
Qiqi: Ah, right. Try this, Yaoyao.
Yaoyao: Oh? You cooked a meal too? Hmm. I do happen to be feeling a little hungry...
Qiqi: Mmm. I... wrote this one down.