# Talk Dialog

Fischl: Gah, so there was a stipulation against "damaging any books in the collection," was there...
Fischl: Yet, has that custodian mage of tomes never been cautioned, even in all her universal sagacity, to not make a foe of the Prinzessin?
Oz: Do not grieve so, mein Fräulein.
Traveler: Um, what's... going on, exactly?
Fischl: Ah, blessed one! Have you come to bear witness to this most tragic of moments?
Paimon: Tragic moment?
Fischl: Yes, indeed! For this was the day destined, the promised hour — and yet, we are foiled, all has been foiled at the hands of the custodian mage!
Paimon: You mean Lisa? What'd she do?
Oz: Ms. Lisa believes that scribbling on books counts as damaging them, and has thus taken the "Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung" out of mein Fraulein's hands.
Fischl: She obstructs our royal way... An unforgivable sin! Unforgivable!
Oz: And while she is quite angry, mein Fräulein's "unforgivables" usually end up as "forgivables." She does understand that it was she who was wrong in the first place, after all.
Paimon: Hmm? But... can't you edit your own book?
Oz: Unfortunately, it is rather more complicated than that. For this text was penned not by mein Fräulein, but the adventurers of the Guild.
Paimon: Ohhh, so the Fischl Dictionary is "about" her, but not "by" her...
Oz: Indeed. Furthermore, it now belongs to the library's collection, and as such it falls under Ms. Lisa's custody...
Paimon: ...Oh yeah, this is getting complicated, alright. Let's think about this for a sec...
Paimon: Hang on, couldn't we edit the text so long as we got permission from Lisa and the adventurers?
Oz: It will not be hard to negotiate with the adventurers, but Ms. Lisa will be trickier to handle. She appears to have anticipated this, having left the library right after confiscating the book. We do not know where she has gone.
Fischl: So, even our cunning countermeasures have been uncovered? Ah, I should have expected nothing less from the mage who guards the universal repository of knowledge...
Traveler: Why don't I go talk to Lisa for you?
Fischl: Blessed Traveler, I am thankful, truly. But do not underestimate the causality that lies between us.
Fischl: As fate has promised the moment to us, so I, Fischl, the sovereign Prinzessin der Verurteilung, will make it come to pass — this I vow upon my noble name!
Paimon: Oh boy, here she goes again!
Fischl: Hear me, O Custodian Mage! Even you cannot defy the writ of apocalyptic destiny! Thee I shall summon, and thou shalt answer!
Paimon: Quick, Oz, translate for us, would you?
Oz: Mmm... Mein Fräulein is saying that she will get Lisa to agree somehow.