# Talk Dialog

Fischl: Oz, mine faithful familiar... Do you mean to say that even should they grasp the Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung, the glorious revelations of the Immernachtreich shall remain beyond their comprehension?
Oz: Yes, mein Fräulein, my sovereign, my noblest and gracious liege.
Oz: Not only do your retainers in the Adventurers' Guild speak your true name aloud, but they even name the Heilige Edikte the "Fischl Dictionary"!
Oz: They regard it as no more than a reference book, meant for mere children to understand the basic facts of life, and they do not perceive, much less comprehend, the truths concealed within.
Oz: Alas! Such lamentable mortals... Is this not a form of blasphemy? Surely, it must be so.
Fischl: Ozvaldo, most loyal friend... I know how you feel, but be not wroth, lest the eyes of Hrafnavins, which sever day from night, become blinded!
Fischl: Know that I, Fischl, remain the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, the judge who presides over all the sin of this world, and she who sees all true knowledge of this realm.
Fischl: Behold! Their true shapes have long been laid bare before the Auge der Verurteilung, that of trembling, lost sheep, who wish nothing more than to embrace salvation...
Fischl: And so, in this, the sequestered store of sagacity soaked in stellar sheen, mine royal person shall, in the name of love and nobility, extend clemency upon the guilty masses and forgive them the sin of their vulgar scorn.
Fischl: This I must do, lest their fates become forever sundered from the Immernachtreich, foremost and greatest of lands. I, the Prinzessin, shall never let such a dismal aeon come to pass!
Fischl: All you who pledge loyalty unto me, remember this — I shall raise you up, and like the brightest of stars shall you be, shining from on high in the eternal night-time sky...
Fischl: Sing for joy, sing your praises! Sing praise unto your Prinzessin...
Traveler: Heya, Fischl.
Fischl: Eh... Eh!? How... I... *cough*
Fischl: Ah, it is you, O Traveler from beyond this world! The sight of you brings me great joy. Is it an audience you seek? Do not be so prim, speak your desire.
Fischl: You are one who I have blessed, after all, and the Prinzessin will not be sparing in showing you her favor.
Paimon: Hmm? Oh, it's you, Fi— Err, Your Highness, the Prinzessin! Well, we were just passing through, but since the ruler of the Immernachtreich has shown us your royal favor, then... Hehe.
Paimon: Please, bestow upon us... some Mora!
Fischl: Hmph... Mora? My lost friend, must you pursue that reprehensible font of reality and sin, the precise blight that I, the Prinzessin, mean to judge?
Oz: Mein Fräulein fears that the temptations of Mora would lead you astray... And might I add that, despite how it may sound, she is not simply making excuses because she cannot afford to honor your request...
Traveler: You never know. Paimon's one true love might just be Mora.
Paimon: Hehe, that's right... The world's a big place, with all kinds of dreams, after all.
Fischl: Ah! My eye! Ahhh...
Paimon: Huh? Wh—What's wrong, Fischl? Are you ill?
Oz: Fear not, Paimon. Mein Fräulein is not ill, merely using her power.
Fischl: I see it... Paimon! Mine left eye sees your fate and its truth!
Fischl: The stars convene for you, and lost dreams float amidst the dark before dawnbreak, a veil impenetrable, even to a scribe who sees all secrets. That which weaves your fate... is the golden thread of truth and wisdom!
Fischl: Your noble, pure self... It waits for you on a far shore without Mora. That is your truest essence, Paimon!
Paimon: R—Really? Noble and pure...? Is that the kind of person Paimon is? Hehe, Paimon's kinda awesome!
Fischl: No... No, I cannot scry further, for even a Prinzessin who bears the Auge der Verurteilung is certain to become lost in your boundless, immaculate phantasmal night!
Fischl: In the name of the Prinzessin, Paimon, you must completely purge from yourself the foul taint of Mora — that which means to plunge your world into darkness and despair!
Paimon: Completely purge... the taint of Mora?
Traveler: I think she's saying you can't have even a single Mora to your name.
Oz: That is precisely mein Fräulein's meaning. Not a single Mora.
Paimon: Not even one? Paimon's... so sad...
Paimon: Hey! Why are you all looking at Paimon like that? You don't seriously think she was asking for Mora, do you?
Paimon: It was a joke! It's been a while since we saw each other, so Paimon was just telling a joke! Because we're friends!
Traveler: That's right, it has been quite some time.
Paimon: Right! And it's so nice to see you again, Fischl, Oz. What are you doing here, anyway?
Fischl: Well then, has the time come to speak of business? Gladly shall I inform you, then, that this convocation is being held to revise the "Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung."
Paimon: Err, and what's that?
Fischl: It is a manual circulated amongst mine retainers, which they mean to use to interpret the glorious revelations of the Immernachtreich.
Fischl: It contains many errors, of course, but it nonetheless demonstrates mortal aspiration toward higher wisdom. As such, I shall permit its existence.
Fischl: This manual shall guide them toward the all-surpassing world, the terminus of the universe, the place of rest that shall shatter fate, the end of causality itself — the Immernachtreich!
Paimon: Wow, that... sounds super impressive! But, what is it, exactly?
Oz: Simply put, it is a tome that can translate mein Fräulein's speech into common tongue. As such, the adventurers have taken to calling it the "Fischl Dictionary."
Traveler: Ah, so it's a Fischl-speak translation manual.
Oz: Yes, but please be aware that using anything other than its official title is quite disrespectful. It is formally named the "Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung." We will have to make sure that this is noted in the revised version.
Paimon: Waaaiiiit a minute, so the book actually exists?
Traveler: Could you show it to us?
Fischl: Of course! But not now, for there are still many errors in the present version, and I shall not have thee, O blessed one, struggle through that morass that lies between fact and falsehood...
Fischl: That agony... Those shackles... Aaaaah! I shall be the one to bear it all alone!
Oz: Mein Fräulein means to say that she will let you see the book once editing is complete.
Paimon: Wow... That's so nice of you, Fischl...
Traveler: When might we expect to see it, then?
Fischl: Fret not, Traveler, for our bonds are as intertwined as the dawn and its light.
Fischl: The destined day when the Immernachtreich's great revelations are made known to you, shall dawn without fail at the promised hour.
Oz: What mein Fräulein means to say is, "We'll be done soon, stop rushing me."
Paimon: Huh, that sounded a lot colder post-translation. Did you make a mistake somewhere, Oz?
Oz: My apologies. Allow me to rephrase — what mein Fräulein means to say is, "C'mon, we're almost done, so don't rush me?"