# Talk Dialog

Sangonomiya Kokomi: #Oh, Traveler, Paimon... What brings you here?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: We've come to see you, of course.
        Sangonomiya Kokomi: R—Really?
        Sangonomiya Kokomi: You're not playing tricks on me, are you? It doesn't look like it... Great! It's been a while since we've met on Watatsumi Island, hasn't it?
        Paimon: Hehe, we've missed the Watatsumi Island life as well! This place is so beautiful, and there's so much good food to eat!
        Sangonomiya Kokomi: It's a deal then. Be sure to come back more often, okay? Anyway, is there anything you'd like to do now?
        Traveler: Walk around the island together.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I do happen to have some free time lately...
        Sangonomiya Kokomi: So you came to visit? How many days will you be here?
        Sangonomiya Kokomi: In that case, I'll get someone to prepare a bed for you... oh! Or would you like something to eat first? Oh yes, and there's these two books that I'd like us to read together.
        Paimon: Time out! You don't need to cover everything all at once! We've got plenty of time!
        Traveler: Let's just talk with each other first.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Sure. The weather's great today, so shall we walk and talk?
Paimon: We've been to Watatsumi Island so many times, but the views here are as breathtaking as ever.
Paimon: #Y'know what? Once you find your sister, we might as well move here permanently. Whaddaya say?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: You'd be most welcome to, although I think you might have already embarked on your next adventure by then.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Oh! I can have a room reserved just for your use, so you can drop by for a vacation anytime.
Paimon: That'd be awesome!
Traveler: How've you been recently, Kokomi?
Paimon: Yeah, and let us know if there's anything troubling you. We'll help you out, no worries!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Me? Well... I really haven't had any issues lately. Harvests here have been good, and the security situation is much better than it was before.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: There's still much to do, but it's all work I'm used to doing, and well within my duties as the Divine Priestess.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: That said, I must say that all that familiar work, that familiar day-to-day... It was getting rather samey since you left, so I'm glad you're back to visit.
Paimon: We're happy to see you too, Kokomi!
Yoshihisa: Ah...
Koutoku: Your Excellency, and... Captain? You're back, and you didn't think to tell us? Come on...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You're from Swordfish II...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I'm not your Captain anymore, y'know.
Koutoku: Ha! You'll always be our Captain in our hearts.
Yoshihisa: Your Excellency, Captain, we'll be organizing a bonfire party later. You want to join us?
Paimon: Ooh, a party! There'll be loads of delicious food, right?
Koutoku: Of course. In fact, I'll be handling the cooking myself!
Yoshihisa: You sure your culinary skills are up to it...?
Traveler: Let's party, then.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: In that case, I'll have someone send some ingredients over to you.
Koutoku: Thank you, Your Excellency! We'll go start the preparations right away!
Paimon: Hehe, looks like you're still pretty popular, huh? They all perked right up when they saw you!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Well, I do recall that you first earned their respect by proving your strength before becoming Captain, despite having the letter of appointment.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: That sort of respect comes from the heart. If you should need help one day, I'm sure they'll be glad to fight by your side.
Traveler: I miss those days.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: True... Sometimes, I drift off during work, and think about how you must be adventuring out there in the world, confronting all manner of difficult problems... Even facing life-and-death situations.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I regret not being able to always stand by your side and provide you with tactical assistance.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: But though we're far apart, I wish you all success in your journey and adventures to come.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Let's go — it's almost time for the party.