# Talk Dialog

Fischl: Ohohoho! Is this the day... has it come at last?
Oz: Mein Fräulein, the text has been proofread again, per your wishes.
Fischl: O glorious revelations of the Immernachtreich! In the Prinzessin's name, shine forth your light and fill the earth with your radiant glory!
Traveler: Heya, Fischl.
Fischl: Huh? O—Oh! Greetings, Blessed One. Today is a joyous day indeed.
Paimon: You certainly seem like you're in a good mood, Fischl. Is the issue with Lisa resolved?
Fischl: Haha! As one might have expected of a mage who guards hidden troves of knowledge, she knew well — far better than most mortals — of the consequences of defying fate...
Fischl: Thus did she come to her senses and submit the "Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung" into my rightful keeping upon hearing the distant summons of the Immernachtreich.
Traveler: And that's all that happened?
Paimon: Hehe, c'mon, Fischl, it's okay to admit that you had to ask her nicely.
Oz: Mein Fräulein speaks truth, in fact — with the sole qualification that Ms. Lisa handed over a fresh copy of the text.
Oz: As it turned out, she left the library to seek the opinion of the Adventurers' Guild, and also to print a new copy of the manuscript.
Oz: Thus, we could make what edits we needed without damaging the copy that is in the library's care.
Paimon: Ah, so that's what happened! Paimon knew Lisa always liked you, Fischl! She'd never make things hard for you just because...
Fischl: Indeed! Even I, who espies the causalities of three thousand universes, and witnesses the dying of a thousand worlds, must confess a measure of respect for her virtuous reason.
Fischl: Oz, mine familiar! Now that the "Heilige Edikte" has been edited, let us go hence unto her, and give her the royal salutations of the Immernachtreich!
Oz: As you wish, mein Fräulein.
Traveler: Looks like we'll be able to read the book today.
Fischl: Oh, blessed one of mine! Did I not say that the cord that binds us is as the dawn and its light, intertwined?
Fischl: Now then, I present unto you the promised fruit at the destined hour — the great revelation of the Immernachtreich, the "Heilige Edikte der Verurteilung"!
Fischl: The spiraling depths, the secrets thoughts of the gods, the prayers of the end... All such answers may be found in this sacred tome of everlasting night, and it is yours to peruse! Be enlightened, and dance with joy!
Fischl: In the name of Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, I—
Oz: Ahem. Mein Fräulein, we must be going.