# Talk Dialog

Klee: Oh, so this is what bards from Liyue are like, Kaeya?

Kaeya: That's right. Very different from those of Mondstadt, don't you think?

Traveler: Taking Klee out on one of your jaunts, Kaeya?

Klee: #Mr. Honorary Knight!

Kaeya: Strictly speaking, the Spark Knight and I are here on official business, investigating the wine industry export situation in Liyue.

Kaeya: Studying the consumption of Mondstadt's liquor requires visiting the performance venues where it is consumed. Enjoying the arts of Liyue while we're at it is part and parcel of our work.

Kaeya: Isn't that right, Klee?

Klee: I—Is that right?

Kaeya: Of course it is. Just enjoy the show to your heart's content!

Klee: Sure! This "Liyue Opera" is so much fun!

Traveler: Classic Kaeya, leading the youth astray...

Yun Jin: #Why, Traveler, I see you've come to Heyu Tea House again... Oh, are you with friends?

Traveler: This is Captain Kaeya from Mondstadt's Knights of Favonius.

Traveler: And this is the Spark Knight, Klee.

Traveler: And this is Yun Jin, a professional opera performer from Liyue.

Kaeya: An honor to meet you, Ms. Yun. I've heard many traveling merchants speak of the art form you practice.

Kaeya: This is the first time Klee and I have had the pleasure of watching an opera. A fascinating experience, indeed.

Klee: Yeah! Also, could you teach Klee how you spin your spear like that?

Yun Jin: Haha, I'm glad you enjoyed yourselves. As for "spear flourishes," I'm afraid they can be quite difficult to learn.

Klee: Don't worry. Klee will do her best!

Yun Jin: Well, seeing how interested you are, come see me after the performance, while our troupe is resting.

Yun Jin: There are some smaller spears I used to train with when I was a child, let me find one to teach you with.

Kaeya: Then you have my thanks, Ms. Yun. Ahem... Spark Knight Klee, do you remember what the Knights of Favonius Handbook says?

Klee: Yes, Kaeya— Oh! I mean, Yes, Captain Kaeya!

Kaeya: In that case, when a distinguished guest does you a kindness, how should you respond?

Klee: Thank you very much, kind-hearted... Uh... lady who sings Liyue opera!

Yun Jin: Haha, you're too kind, both of you. You're here to watch the opera, so I'm sure this meeting was meant to be. I look forward to seeing you in the audience in the future, should you have the time.