# Talk Dialog

Yun Jin: Oh, it's you. What brings you here today?

Option 1:

> Traveler: You, of course.
> Yun Jin: Oh, you! Who taught you to be so cheeky?

Option 2:

> Traveler: We were just passing through.
> Yun Jin: Well, then this is quite the coincidence. Would you like to have a seat?

Yun Jin: I'm not performing today, just dropping in to hear Mr. Liu Su tell a story — you know, to take my mind off things a bit.
Traveler: Is something troubling you?
Yun Jin: Our troupe will be rehearsing an old classic called "The Three Towers" in a few days' time.
Yun Jin: I'd like to adjust a few lines and the corresponding details in the performance, but I haven't really made up my mind about whether they should be changed or not.
Yun Jin: Would you mind hearing me out? If you have the time, of course.
Traveler: Please, go ahead.
Yun Jin: For example, there's a famous line that goes like this: "How gently do the clouds and flowers sway, as dancing winds meander through the vales. The half-moon is as a lovely face, and a glass raised to it moves the heart."
Yun Jin: I'm not looking to change the first half, but the second, if sung as-is, feels like it is missing a little something.
Yun Jin: It would be great if I could add some actions that suit the scene — a raised bottle to indicate drinking, perhaps — and the set could be modified to match.
Yun Jin: There are quite a few more adjustments like that one, and though I would be personally more satisfied were we to change them, perhaps some older fans might prefer the way it was performed in the past.
Yun Jin: We don't have much time left to rehearse either, so there might be some issues with the timetable if we want to change the stage set and redo the stage movements.
Traveler: Rehearsals really are complicated.
Yun Jin: They are indeed. There are many outside factors to consider besides the script and performance themselves.
Yun Jin: Scriptwriting and performances are our greatest strengths at the Yun-Han Opera Troupe, and we love doing them, but beyond the stage... Well, that can get tricky.
Yun Jin: There are things we cannot control — whether the audiences will like our innovations, or if we can come to an amicable understanding with the organizers we're working with.
Yun Jin: But I see this as part of learning my role as Troupe Director — I'm already enjoying myself as a performer, and I'm sure these new challenges will present me with new kinds of delight as well.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'm sure you'll do just fine, Yun Jin.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'll be cheering for you, Yun Jin!

Yun Jin: Hehe. Thanks for your kind words. I'm more sure than ever that the road ahead will be a smooth one.