# Talk Dialog

Shikanoin Heizou: Well, well, what do you know. Help can come from unexpected corners...

Shikanoin Heizou: Still, at least the case is closed. Now, as for Madam Kujou Sara... How should I go over this in the debriefing...

Traveler: Cracked it already?

Traveler: Nothing less than I expected of you, Heizou.

Shikanoin Heizou: You flatter me. If it weren't for Miss Dori's assistance, it would've been a real headache...

Traveler: Dori? What'd she do to help?

Traveler: Y'know, I just got a potion from her...

Shikanoin Heizou: A potion from Miss Dori? Oh, that would be the "Ultra-Amazing Miracle Tonic Guaranteed to Make You Taller with Zero Effort!", right? I've heard of it.

Shikanoin Heizou: Her name's been on the Tenryou Commission's watchlist for ages, and we've already tested the potion.

Shikanoin Heizou: It's a harmless herbal mix, and the herbs themselves are healthy, so it technically does boost growth.

Traveler: Wait, you mean... she wasn't lying...?

Shikanoin Heizou: Hahaha, you should take a closer look at her tagline: It's an "Ultra-Amazing Miracle Tonic Guaranteed to Make You Taller with Zero Effort!"

Shikanoin Heizou: But did she mention anywhere how long it would take to grow taller?

Traveler: Ah...!

Traveler: It... It really doesn't...

Shikanoin Heizou: Bingo. Drinking it might promote growth over time, but as for how long you'd have to drink it before you saw results... Who can say?

Shikanoin Heizou: If you ask me, chugging milk would be way more effective than drinking that.

Traveler: So that's why she had such a massive banner...

Traveler: And even hired Sayu, and even a magician...

Shikanoin Heizou: Exactly. From what I can tell, Miss Dori herself knows that this so-called "miracle tonic" is little more than a placebo.

Shikanoin Heizou: Which is why she put so much energy into hyping it up with marketing, redirecting everyone's attention right where she wanted it.

Shikanoin Heizou: Hmm, now that I think about it, that's probably why she was so cooperative... Didn't even want to talk about compensation.

Traveler: When you mean help...

Traveler: Are you talking about the illicit potions case?

Shikanoin Heizou: That's the one. It was thanks to her that I finally cracked the case wide open.

Shikanoin Heizou: Back when I first asked her to help, I thought a merchant of her repute would drive a hard bargain, but she didn't ask for anything...

Shikanoin Heizou: But now... I can only guess that she'd already scooped up all of the syndicate's remaining legitimate channels and partners.

Traveler: No wonder she was so confident...

Traveler: No wonder she suddenly got into the potion business...

Shikanoin Heizou: Ah, well. Forget it. I don't even want to try untangling the minds of merchants.

Shikanoin Heizou: But with a well-connected "informant" like Miss Dori around, future cases should be much easier to solve...

Shikanoin Heizou: ...*cough* Madam Kujou isn't listening, is she? Good thing she left...

Shikanoin Heizou: Still... Agh, look at the time. I need to get back to the station soon, or she's going to give me an earful.

Shikanoin Heizou: #Take care, Traveler.

Shikanoin Heizou: But remember... no crimes, okay?