# Talk Dialog

Chiori: You don't need any kind of "camouflage" to fit into Nod-Krai.
Chiori: People from everywhere and all walks of life congregate there. There isn't a thing you could wear that would stand out.
Charlotte: Huh? Really? Then I'll just wear what I've got on now...
Chiori: You'll freeze to death.
Traveler: ...Tactful as always.
Chiori: I'll make you something more suitable for the cold. Come pick it up in two weeks.
Charlotte: Understood! Thanks, Chiori!
Chiori: It's nothing. Oh, and by the way? Those gloves you were eyeing earlier? They'd clash horribly with your look.
Charlotte: Oh... Oh! Well, I was... just browsing...
Chiori: And you won't "accidentally" bump into Clorinde in my shop either.
Charlotte: Wh—What? I... I wasn't...
Chiori: When she orders gloves from me, I usually have Kirara deliver them straight to her door.
Chiori: The only person you'll meet "camping" here for her is Chevreuse. Perhaps you've a taste for the Special Patrol's hospitality?
Charlotte: Nope! None at all! Zero interest!
Chiori: Like I said. Two weeks. In-store pickup.
Charlotte: Y—Yes! Got it! And thanks...
Chiori: #Traveler, sorry to keep you waiting. If you'd like to buy something, just say so.
Traveler: Well, I'm also just browsing...
Chiori: Mmm. I'm a bit busy, so no invitations to come in for tea and chit-chat today.
Chiori: You know our business hours, so if you'd like to try or buy, just drop by then.
Chiori: I'll be heading back in. And little Miss Journalist, remember — two weeks.
Charlotte: Y—Yes! Absolutely!
Charlotte: ...*sigh* Looks like nothing gets past Chiori. Time to change tack...
Traveler: You even came here to stalk Clorinde?
Charlotte: *sigh* Someone told me that Clorinde sometimes comes here to buy gloves... Turns out he was playing me for a fool...
Charlotte: Forget it! That's not what matters now. My priority is to stock up and prep for my trip to Nod-Krai!
Traveler: You convinced your parents?
Charlotte: Mom wasn't totally sold... But I never imagined how supportive Pops would be! He even gave me advice and helped plan some potential stories to— I mean, potential vacation spots to visit.
Charlotte: And not only that — he helped buy a bunch of stuff and sent letters to his friends there, asking them to help look after me!
Charlotte: I already know them, though. Veteran reporters all!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Sounds like your dad saw right through you...
        Charlotte: Of course he did. He's the top reporter in all of Teyvat. Nothing gets by him. Naturally, he's the best dad too.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: He's really supportive of you.
        Charlotte: Hehe, of course. He's the best dad in the world. Naturally, he's the top reporter in all of Teyvat, too!
Charlotte: #If we're lucky, Traveler, we'll see each other in Nod-Krai.