# Talk Dialog

Shikanoin Heizou: ...Ah, and just like that, she's left... She looked like she was in pain, too. Must've had to go take her medicine...
Traveler: So, what's it about this time?
Shikanoin Heizou: #Oh, just in time, Traveler! Remember that case from before? I already cracked it.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Elementary for dear Heizou, I see!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Was there but one truth this time?
> Shikanoin Heizou: Naturally! Madam Kujou Sara wouldn't approve of closing a case if there was any doubt.

Shikanoin Heizou: I suppose I can tell you the whole story. You look like you might explode from curiosity otherwise... She probably won't come after me for leaking the case details.
Shikanoin Heizou: In short, the culprit was a student who frequented second-hand bookshops. Too poor to buy books, he'd just read them on-site.
Shikanoin Heizou: One day, he wrote a letter confessing his love to the girl he admired in secret and planned to slip it into her desk.
Shikanoin Heizou: But in the end, shyness got the better of him, and he retrieved it unopened.
Shikanoin Heizou: Dejected, he began to head back home. And on the way, he wanted to crumple the letter into a ball and toss it, but couldn't bear to do that either, so he began mindlessly fanning himself with it...
Shikanoin Heizou: Just then, he passed by a second-hand bookshop. So, to distract himself from his problems, he decided to head in and finish the novel he'd started reading a few days earlier.
Shikanoin Heizou: After finishing "The Flesh-Eating Tree That You Shouldn't Mess With!", he returned home... only to discover that his love letter was nowhere to be seen.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Wait... He didn't...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Leave the letter stuck inside the book... did he?

Shikanoin Heizou: Exactly. He had accidentally used his love letter as a bookmark while reading.
Shikanoin Heizou: By the time he realized his mistake and returned to retrieve it, he found... that the book had already been sold, and the shopkeeper couldn't recall the buyer's name.
Traveler: If anyone saw that letter...
Shikanoin Heizou: The poor kid must've been driving himself crazy, thinking, "If anyone reads that, I'm done for! I've got to get it back, no matter what!"
Shikanoin Heizou: Desperate, he turned to the modus operandi he'd read about in that same crime novel to retrieve it.
Shikanoin Heizou: I don't know if it's because he's actually really talented, due to the book's meticulous and detailed descriptions, or maybe because Inazuma City's been so safe lately that nobody bothers with basic precautions...
Shikanoin Heizou: But he succeeded. He used the criminal techniques in the book to conduct numerous break-ins and threw all of Hanamizaka into chaos.
Shikanoin Heizou: As the case was initially pretty minor, only the Doushin were assigned to the case at first. But as investigations stalled out, the public got more and more restless.
Shikanoin Heizou: So, Madam Kujou Sara assigned me to take charge. Fortunately, it wasn't too complicated, and as for the process... Well, I'd say things went pretty smoothly.
Traveler: So, how'd you catch the guy?
Shikanoin Heizou: *cough*... Well, I didn't really catch him, per se. One of the Doushin from the station bought a copy of "The Flesh-Eating Tree That You Shouldn't Mess With!".
Shikanoin Heizou: He was going on about how "I gotta see for myself how good a book that can make a criminal willing to risk it all is."
Shikanoin Heizou: And when he opened it, the letter just... fell out. After reading this "baffling" love letter, everything clicked.
Shikanoin Heizou: So, I just picked a time when classes were about to finish, intercepting our little "criminal" on his way out.
Traveler: He didn't even try to run?
Shikanoin Heizou: Of course he did! Turned tail and was about to bolt the second he saw me. So I just said:
Shikanoin Heizou: "If you run, I'll show the letter to your crush's deskmate."
Shikanoin Heizou: No sooner had I finished speaking than he meekly surrendered.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Heizou, you're terrifying...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Don't detectives walk the path of righteousness?

Shikanoin Heizou: It was a bluff! I'd never actually follow through with something that low.
Shikanoin Heizou: He might be a kid, but a crime is a crime, and crimes come with consequences. He'll have to take responsibility and pay all the restitution required.

Option 1:

> Traveler: He was a bit too good at it...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Feels like he's got a very dangerous talent...

Shikanoin Heizou: *sigh*... That's why I say that crime novels that romanticize crime end up desensitizing people to it.
Shikanoin Heizou: "Something like this isn't really illegal, right?" "No harm, no foul!" "It's no big deal..."
Shikanoin Heizou: Once ideas like that start worming into people's minds, they might unknowingly turn into fools who cross the line.
Shikanoin Heizou: #Traveler! Do you think like that?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Nuh-uh! Absolutely not!
> Shikanoin Heizou: Hahaha! Really? It's okay if you do. It's only a crime if you act on such thoughts, after all.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Yes. Constantly. Right now, even.
> Shikanoin Heizou: Oh my! Really? Tread lightly, then. Should you act on these thoughts, I might get put on your trail, and next thing you know, Madam Kujou will be clapping you in irons.
> Shikanoin Heizou: And we'd best avoid that scenario. She's rough with the cuffs, to say nothing of the chafing when she leads you around.

Shikanoin Heizou: Oh! Would you look at the time? I should head back to the station. The pile of cases on my desk isn't going to solve itself.
Shikanoin Heizou: After a debacle like this, I'm sure it won't be long before Madam Kujou takes us all on another public safety lecture tour...
Shikanoin Heizou: *sigh* Let's just hope we don't have any idiot copycat criminals. Otherwise... overtime beckons... again...