# Talk Dialog

Shikanoin Heizou: ...And in summary, that's the commission we're here for. How's that sound to you, Jahoda?

Jahoda: All the same to me. You should ask yourself one question though... You wanna catch someone in Nod-Krai, how many lives are you prepared to lose for it?

Shikanoin Heizou: Hahaha, well, I once read a story. It told me that if I find a deer with divinity, I could use its antlers to take my place for one death.

Shikanoin Heizou: And what do you know? "Deer" happens to be one of the Inazuman characters in my name, and I've got my own life to spare. That makes two.

Traveler: Don't say that too loudly...

Traveler: You might offend the Frostmoon Scions.

Shikanoin Heizou: #Traveler? What a coincidence. What are you doing in Nod-Krai? Another stop on your journey, perhaps?

Traveler: What are YOU doing in Nod-Krai, Heizou?

Traveler: Has some investigation brought you here?

Shikanoin Heizou: Sharp. Heh, I'm here in pursuit of a fugitive who fled Inazuma. He's racked up a real rap sheet, and he's always trying to flee further and further abroad.

Shikanoin Heizou: A few months ago, we received intel that he was hiding out in Nod-Krai and had joined a band of bandits. He soon returned to his usual M.O. — that is to say, robbing homes and raiding caravans.

Shikanoin Heizou: I think they called themselves the... Seahook Gang, or something? Word is they're quite a big deal in Nod-Krai, and have taken in a fair share of exiled criminals from across Teyvat...

Shikanoin Heizou: After that, I knocked on the doors of the Curatorium of Secrets, Mora in hand, and asked the boss to get me someone who could point me in the direction of this Seahook Gang.

Traveler: And that someone is Jahoda?

Shikanoin Heizou: That's right. Judging by your expression... I'm guessing you're acquainted?

Traveler: Very much so.

Traveler: She's very good at what she does.

Shikanoin Heizou: I can tell. My intuition tells me that if Jahoda became a thief, even I'd never be able to catch her.

Jahoda: ...Eh, you can cut the chatter. Boss Nef gave me the job, so it's only natural I'd be good at it.

Jahoda: But the Seahook Gang you're looking for isn't the original Seahook crew.

Jahoda: The original gang's long since disbanded. The people callin' themselves that now are just riding on the name and scamming folks left and right.

Traveler: You really have all the intel, huh, Jahoda?

Jahoda: Haha... Yeah, I guess I do, huh...

Shikanoin Heizou: Interesting. This is news to me. Would you mind telling me more about this new gang of impostors, Jahoda?

Jahoda: What's there to tell? New or old, fake or real, the Seahook Gang are bandits.

Jahoda: A bunch of scoundrels who banded together for Mora, then fell out over it.

Jahoda: Their old leader wound up thrown overboard as fish food, while the underlings fought among themselves for the scraps.

Jahoda: Some died, and others continued their wanderings. The long and short of it is that the old Seahook Gang are dead, gone, or both.

Shikanoin Heizou: Wait, doesn't that mean some of the suspects within could have started going around committing crimes again?

Jahoda: When a house goes poof, the snakes and rats nestled within find other walls to burrow into. That's just how it is. Nobody wants to die out in the wilderness.

Shikanoin Heizou: Hahaha, but for all the vermin out there, it's also the perfect time to find a good place to settle down, and maybe get a good roommate along the way.

Shikanoin Heizou: If I were a rat, escaping the snake would mean freedom from being hunted down and eaten... When you think about it, that's a good thing.

Jahoda: ...

Shikanoin Heizou: In any case, you've been most helpful, Jahoda. Thank you for the intel. It seems the Mora spent on your services was well worth it.

Shikanoin Heizou: It's honestly a real load off to know that these people are just impostors using the Seahook Gang's name.

Shikanoin Heizou: I'd have had to admit I was in over my head flying solo against the real gang, with its international cohort of goons and all.

Jahoda: Well, wait.. You think you can take 'em on as they are now, all by yourself?

Shikanoin Heizou: Hmm... Yeah, more or less. After all, I'm only looking for our Inazuman fugitive. I'm not here to bring the whole gang to justice.

Jahoda: Hmph, that's a bold statement... but whatever. I'll help you track the impostors down. What happens after... that's got nothing to do with me.

Traveler: How about I go with you?

Traveler: That way, we can round the whole gang up.

Shikanoin Heizou: Your kindness is appreciated, but this time, I'd rather this be a solo outing.

Shikanoin Heizou: Now, I suppose that's that. I'll leave locating them to you, Jahoda.

Shikanoin Heizou: As for me, I'll get to thinking of how I can haul this scoundrel back to Inazuma and have him confess his crimes...