# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Huh? Is that... Skirk? Are Paimon's eyes deceiving her? What's Skirk doing here in Nod-Krai?

Traveler: It certainly is a surprise.

Traveler: She's not the sort of person you'd expect to be out taking long walks.

Paimon: Exactly! And Dori's there too. We should go over and say hi.

Dori: Well, my my! Such an exquisite Radiant Exoskeleton... Come, let me take a closer look, so I can make sure to offer you a fair price!

Dori: Please, take a seat and rest a while! If you have anything you'd like to eat or drink, I'd be more than happy to...

Skirk: Let's not waste time. Just tell me how much you're offering.

Dori: Of course, of course. Just a moment, just a moment.

Dori: (Remarkable! Not so much as a scratch. Even the very best bounty hunters would struggle to retrieve a Radiant Exoskeleton of such quality!)

Skirk: ...

Paimon: Skirk, Dori! What are you two doing here?

Skirk: I came to look around Nod-Krai, and thought I'd take the opportunity to make a little Mora.

Dori: What's this? My most valued customer is already acquainted with my most valued customer?

Paimon: Erm... Is Paimon hearing things, or did you just say "most valued customer" twice?

Dori: Haha! Naturally, my most valued customers are equally valued — so you both receive my most effusive enthusiasm!

Dori: Please, rest here a moment while I work the price out.

Skirk: ...You've gotten stronger. It seems you haven't neglected your training since we last met.

Traveler: A lot has happened...

Traveler: I want to get as strong as possible.

Skirk: I see. Nod-Krai is home to many worthy opponents. Should you overcome this trial, your strength will increase further still.

Paimon: Hehe. So, how've you been, Skirk?

Paimon: When we last saw you, you said fate would decide how we'd meet again. Well, Paimon didn't think it would decide so quickly.

Skirk: Was it quick? It's felt like a very long time to me.

Traveler: Well, time flows differently where you live...

Traveler: It looks like you've been training hard.

Skirk: My life will experience little change until a true turning point arrives.

Skirk: But as for you, you are at a pivotal point in your journey. Have a care — victory and defeat are seldom long-lived.

Dori: Excuse me, dear customer. After careful consideration, I'm prepared to offer you 6,000,000 Mora for these Radiant Exoskeletons.

Dori: I assure you that this is the fairest possible price! While you might be able to sell a single item for 700,000 or so, when it comes to buying in bulk...

Skirk: I'll take half of that in cash. I won't be staying long, so there's no point carrying around more money than I need.

Skirk: As for the other half, give it to these two in the form of food or supplies. You should have plenty of both in your stores.

Dori: Of course, of course. I can see my most valued customers enjoy a very close relationship.

Dori: Here's your Mora. Please do stop by again...

Skirk: I'll be going then. Until next time.

Paimon: Huh? Won't you stay for a chat?

Paimon: Ugh! She's gone again! That Skirk!

Dori: That's just how she is, sweeping in and out like a sudden gust of wind. I'm used to it by now.

Paimon: Hey, that reminds Paimon...

Paimon: You haven't forgotten her somehow, even though you've done lots of business together before. What's the deal with that?

Dori: Huh? What do you mean? The all-knowing Lord Sangemah Bay keeps every customer near and dear to her heart!

Dori: ...Fine, if you must know, she's not really my customer, but rather a guest of Ms. Alice, my supplier.

Dori: Ms. Alice introduced her to me, and now she drops by from time to time to do business. She's the perfect customer — she always brings quality goods and doesn't care too much about the price.

Paimon: Whoa, that's one suspicious-looking grin! You're not ripping her off, are you?

Dori: Ridiculous! A strong, mysterious customer like that who brings me valuable items? I practically worship the ground she walks on!

Dori: Dori's Divine Bazaar is a fair and reputable business! Now, I promised I'd supply you with food, so it's about time I start hunting for ingredients...

Dori: 3,000,000 Mora... What can I find that's worth 3,000,000 Mora... It looks like I'm going to have to dig out something very special indeed...