# Talk Dialog

Neuvillette: ...

Serene: Monsieur Neuvillette!

Serene: It's been so long! I'm really sorry... Are we late?

Neuvillette: No, I was just early. You were right on time.

Serene: We're here to pick you up! The other Melusines are back in the village making you dinner.

Laume: Thanks for making the journey! Today, I'll be interviewing you on behalf of Merusea Village.

Cosanzeana: Monsieur Neuvillette, please, take this flower! I just picked it for you.

Virda: Monsieur Neuvillette! Monsieur Neuvillette! Monsieur Neuvillette!

Serene: Hey, Hey! Relax. He's not hard of hearing, you know! Be polite!

Neuvillette: It's alright. Hello, everyone. I'm delighted to see all of you as well. Did you all receive the gifts I had sent over earlier?

Serene: We did, we did! Everyone loves them!

Laume: Xana really liked the components you gave her, and she got you a thank-you gift! Virda liked them a lot too. She used them to make a pistol.

Virda: Th—That's right! I'll definitely join the Marechaussee Phantom soon! P—Please, believe in me!

Neuvillette: Don't put too much pressure on yourself. The process itself is already extraordinarily meaningful. I believe you will learn and gain much.

Laume: As for me, I've already hung up the skirt you got me! One day, when I'm a real journalist, I'll wear it when I give you an official interview!

Serene: Don't get ahead of yourself, Laume! Monsieur Neuvillette is usually really busy. If you want to interview him, you'll have to apply first, then follow the proper procedures to make an appointment.

Cosanzeana: What are "pro-seeders"? Do you mean those super amazing people at horticultural fairs who can grow anything? I've seen them.

Serene: No. Procedures. And they're... Well, I don't know either. But that's what Sedene wrote in her letter.

Serene: Anyway, she also mentioned that there was one day when Monsieur Neuvillette was so busy, he didn't even have time to drink water!

Laume: !!!

Virda: How could the Palais Mermonia be so cruel...

Neuvillette: Regarding that particular problem... Well, I shall be more careful in the future.

Serene: We're all really concerned about your health! It'd be nice if you spent less time working and gave yourself more time to rest instead.

Laume: Oh no! We got sidetracked, didn't we? How far into the interview did we get?

Virda: You haven't even started, Laume. You're still in the reporting stage.

Laume: Oh, right! No, wait, that's not right! I still have a ton of questions! We'll need to find a place to sit down for a nice long talk.

Laume: And don't you worry! Serene told me how tall you are, and how you bumped your head the last time you squeezed into one of our homes. So, I've already gone and moved all the tables and stools outside!

Neuvillette: Thank you for being so considerate. I feel much better now.

Cosanzeana: I still prefer being in Merusea Village. We might bump our heads, but it's wonderful.

Neuvillette: Fontaine, too, has a number of superb places. Today, I brought some water sent from Snezhnaya. Unfortunately, the long delivery time has warmed it to room temperature, and I cannot say if the taste will be affected...

Laume: Then let's hurry up and drink it! It'll be super refreshing with some fresh Poissonchant Pie!

Serene: Yeah! Come on, everyone. Let's bring Monsieur Neuvillette back home, pronto!

Virda (Crowd): Woohoo!

Laume: C'mon, let's go, Monsieur Neuvillette!