# Talk Dialog

Dehya: Okay, let's get one more clip... Yeah, those moves are perfect.
Traveler: Here on vacation, Dehya?
Dehya: #Traveler! Small world. Actually, I was brought on as a bodyguard for a Fontainian merchant ship recently.
Dehya: We docked at Romaritime Harbor two days ago, and it'll be a while before we depart, so I figured I'd do some city sightseeing.
Dehya: I'd heard merchants raving about Fontainian clockwork meka. Gotta say, they weren't kidding. The craftsmanship's exquisite, and those dance moves? Now that's what I call elegance.
Dehya: I was just thinking... Steps like those would be perfect for a human dancer, too.
Traveler: You're into dancing too, Dehya?
Dehya: Kinda... This is for my lady Dunyarzad and Nilou, though. They're working on some new choreography and have been asking around for ideas.
Dehya: I was just thinking I could record these mechanical dancers and have them view the clips. Who knows, might spark some ideas.
Dehya: Still... that tall one... Coppelius, right?
Dehya: His moves seem to require some power to pull off. Not only does he have to spin his partner around at high speed, but he also needs to lift her up.
Dehya: That's gonna take some serious strength. Between my lady and Nilou... Who's gonna do that, exactly...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: What if you took the leading role?

Option 2:

> Traveler: You've definitely got the muscle for it!

Dehya: Me? Oh, no no no no. I can muddle my way through some simple steps, but a complex routine? Not my thing.
Dehya: Last time Dunyarzad dragged me onto the dance floor, the beat ran circles around me... I kept stepping on her dress, and we both nearly tripped...
Dehya: During the break, she changed into a short skirt, and had me follow her lead...
Traveler: Did you have a good time?
Dehya: Dancing with her? Of course I liked it, but... I'm just not cut out to be a dancer, no matter how you slice it...
Dehya: Still... If she wants to practice a dance like this, I'll just have to grit my teeth and try to take the lead.
Dehya: Guess I'll have Dunyarzad dig that old skirt out once I get back. Looks like it'll finally see some use again...