# Talk Dialog

Yegana: Oh! Okay, I've got it! Thank you, Collei!
Collei: If you're interested, you can also read the section on Nilotpala Lotuses in "A Study of the Properties of Rainforest Vegetation."
Collei: If anything gives you trouble, come find me anytime and we can talk about it.
Yegana: Understood! Thanks again, Collei!
Black Screen Text: Yegana leaves, satisfied.
Collei: *sigh*... I told you not to say thank you so much...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Senior Researcher Collei! Always a pleasure!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Greetings, Professor Collei.

Collei: #Traveler! It's you! Please, don't tease me like that...

Option 1:

> Traveler: You look so professional.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Definitely nailing that "senior role model" look!

Collei: No, no! I was just helping out my junior colleagues with some of their homework on plant identification, that's all...
Collei: There were originally only supposed to be two or three people coming over for a quick study session, but I never imagined so many people would show up...
Collei: Once again, it was Master Tighnari who stepped in. He helped us reserve one of the bigger unused classrooms... We never could have had seats for everyone otherwise.
Collei: It's just that... I had planned to sit down with everyone and review the questions together. But Master Tighnari made me go up to the podium...
Collei: *sigh*... It was my first time up there! There were so many people down below that I froze. Couldn't say a single word...
Collei: I'd prepared for days in advance — even reorganized all my notes from my old patrols.
Collei: But once I was up there, my mind just went blank. I couldn't remember anything...
Collei: Thankfully, Master Tighnari did the introduction for me and had everyone say their piece. He then summarized all their questions... and left it to me to answer them.
Collei: I loosened up after answering the first few, and really started to get into it... By the end, I almost forgot he was still there. Hehe, I guess I must've been really focused!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Looks like your hard work is paying off.

Option 2:

> Traveler: You did put in the effort, you know.

Collei: Yeah! And it's also thanks to everyone else's help, too. I...
Collei: Waaah!
Traveler: You haven't forgotten to eat too, have you?
Collei: *cough* That's right... I was just so busy today, I... haven't had much to eat since this morning...
Collei: I—I'm gonna go eat now! I still have to go be his teaching assistant later!
Collei: #See you next time, Traveler!
Collei: Hehe, maybe next time I'm up there on the podium, it'll be for an official lecture, not just tutoring!