# Talk Dialog

Lyney: *sigh* Still a ways to go...

Traveler: Lyney, what are you doing here?

Lyney: #Traveler! I never imagined I'd run into you here... Seems I owe that gust just now an apology, ha!

Lyney: It blew my hat away, seemingly for no reason — but no sooner had I caught it than I ran into you!

Traveler: Planning a visit to the Institute, are we?

Lyney: Yeah... There's a researcher I'm looking for, one who's also interested in magic. He said he'd like to talk shop with me.

Lyney: Word is that he's invented all kinds of fantastic devices that are perfect for some truly amazing tricks!

Lyney: For example, he once made a miniature thermos that he kept stuffed up his sleeve.

Lyney: All he had to do was twitch his finger to activate the mechanism, and voila! The ice within would slide down and out through his sleeve! The "Ice Trick" — one of his myriad magic tricks.

Traveler: Does... that really count as magic?

Traveler: Feels more like cheap sleight of hand...

Lyney: Hahaha! Of course it counts! Just think about it. You're a poor office worker, sweltering behind your desk. You want nothing more than to head out and buy an ice-cold Fonta to quench your thirst.

Lyney: But it's just way too hot. The Fonta machine's broken, and only dispenses warm Fonta. And there's no ice anywhere in the office...

Lyney: Just as you totter on the edge of despair, the colleague besides you claps their hands, and a few ice cubes suddenly appear in your cup of Fonta... Just imagine. How would you feel?

Traveler: I'd drink the iced Fonta first!

Traveler: Ah! My Savior, the Archon of Ice Cubes!

Lyney: Hahaha, now you get it! That's what he researches: "Close-Up Magic for Daily Use."

Lyney: That's why I'm paying him a visit, too. I'd love to help him refine his close-quarters tricks and improve the impact of his "Close-Up" performances.

Lyney: After all, the most important part of magic is the performance, especially when you're up close and personal. Perform well, and the audience will be spellbound...

Lyney: They'll think, "I need to get closer! No, no, closer... I must see what surprises this magician's got in store for me..."

Traveler: Wha...?

Lyney: Here. This is for you — to commemorate our meeting today.

Traveler: I'd say you're actually the greatest magician, Lyney...

Lyney: Hahaha, thanks for playing along. You truly are the best audience I could ask for.

Lyney: As long as you're beside me, I know even the thorny tricks will go off without a hitch.

Lyney: Uh-oh! Would you look at the time! I'd better not keep our man waiting... See you next time!