# Talk Dialog

Neuvillette: So, you recommend Chioriya Boutique's seasonal children's clothing line?

Sedene: Yes, Monsieur Neuvillette.

Sedene: Eloffe often invites Kiara to Chioriya Boutique to try on outfits, and they take a bunch of photos! They're all adorable, too.

Neuvillette: In that case, I shall place an order.

Traveler: Mind if I drop in?

Neuvillette: #Hello, Traveler.

Sedene: Hey there!

Sedene: Great timing! Monsieur Neuvillette's added a new stop to his itinerary, and we were just discussing what kind of gifts to bring!

Traveler: A new stop?

Traveler: What kind of gifts?

Neuvillette: A rare opportunity to take a vacation has arisen, and I plan to use it to visit the Melusines in Merusea Village.

Neuvillette: It has been some time since my last visit, and as such meetings are hard to come by, I wish to prepare some gifts.

Neuvillette: As you are here, might I solicit your advice?

Neuvillette: I believe you have already befriended a number of Melusines. As such, your insights would be most valuable.

Traveler: I have a Melusine friend who loves to paint.

Sedene: Oh, right! I remember! Serene's letters mentioned that Mamere has always been passionate about art!

Neuvillette: Indeed. Given the environmental variations there, some waterproof paints would make a good gift.

Traveler: There's no Melusine who doesn't like mechanical components.

Sedene: Yeah, that's true! I can help pick some! The clockwork workshops usually sell spare components at a discount, and clockwork toys too.

Neuvillette: Then I shall leave their procurement to you. Thank you.

Neuvillette: Prioritize what you like, without regard to cost. I will ensure you have an ample budget.

Traveler: You can never go wrong with making food.

Neuvillette: Oh... I fear my culinary experience only extends to making soups...

Neuvillette: Sedene, are there any foods particularly popular among the Melusines recently?

Sedene: Let me think... Yeah... cakes, macarons, Blubber Profiterole, Pate de Fruit...

Sedene: Oh right, and lots of snacks like Feast-O's, and Fonta!

Neuvillette: ...

Traveler: It's okay to eat stuff like that in moderation.

Traveler: As long as they're happy, right?

Neuvillette: I understand.

Neuvillette: Everyone has different tastes. And in the interests of fairness and justice, we should have prepared a greater variety of gifts from the start.

Neuvillette: It is decided. Every one of those ideas shall be adopted.

Neuvillette: Thank you both for your suggestions. Once the purchases have been made, I will have someone package them up and send each to their respective recipients.

Neuvillette: Sedene, I believe your delivery address is still the Palais Mermonia, yes?

Sedene: Huh? Me? I get a present too? But aren't they for everyone in Merusea Village?

Neuvillette: Of course. As I said, opportunities like this are hard to come by, so every Melusine should receive a gift.

Neuvillette: And you are a Melusine too, are you not?

Sedene: Yeah! Thank you, Monsieur Neuvillette!