# Talk Dialog

Kuki Shinobu: ...Which is to say that, as long as someone passes the exam and gets a Domestic Services Provider License, they'll be able to take more repair and cleaning jobs.

Thoma: That's exactly it, Ms. Kuki. The Yashiro Commission is promoting training and exams for housekeeping skills to help boost employment opportunities for residents seeking work.

Traveler: Going to take another exam, Shinobu?

Traveler: Job-hunting, Shinobu?

Kuki Shinobu: #Oh, hey, Traveler. That's right, I'm looking into the Yashiro Commission's housekeeping training programs.

Kuki Shinobu: Thoma says that as long as you complete a full course and pass the exam, the Yashiro Commission will issue you an official license. It's a significant advantage for job seekers.

Thoma: I imagine that with your talent, getting the license should be a piece of cake.

Kuki Shinobu: You flatter me. But while exams don't faze me, the rest of the Arataki Gang...

Kuki Shinobu: Boss's last job was to give exfoliating back scrubs at Aisa Bathhouse. But he went at it a bit too hard, and ended up scrubbing skin off too...

Kuki Shinobu: Last month, Akira "helped" grill skewers at Shimura's. For every one he grilled, he ate three. Shimura's would've been in the red for the whole month if bystanders hadn't intervened.

Kuki Shinobu: And then there's Mamoru and Genta... Ushi's the only one who doesn't cause trouble, and that's because he doesn't need to work.

Traveler: Wouldn't that... get them fired?

Traveler: Their jobs...

Kuki Shinobu: Right on the money. When I asked, they all replied in perfect unison:

Kuki Shinobu: "Sorry, we got fired again, hehe."

Kuki Shinobu: In short, aside from me, the entire Arataki Gang is presently unemployed.

Traveler: Ah, so they're living a free and unstructured lifestyle, bereft of social attachment...

Traveler: Pretty on-brand for the Arataki Gang.

Thoma: So, Ms. Kuki, I take it that you intend to secure licenses for the gang, and in doing so, improve their job prospects?

Kuki Shinobu: Yup. My thoughts exactly.

Kuki Shinobu: But just dragging them there to take the test is probably pointless. It's better if I get the license first.

Kuki Shinobu: Then, I can go back and tutor them myself. That's much more likely to succeed.

Thoma: Very thorough. In that case, are you ready to enroll right now?

Kuki Shinobu: Give me a bit. I need to go back and fetch my documents, and also give the Boss a heads up.

Thoma: Sounds good. Once you're ready, you can find me at the Yashiro Commission to register. You can sign up at any time before I go on leave.

Kuki Shinobu: Got it. I'll be quick. Thanks, Thoma.

Black Screen Text: Shinobu strides off...

Thoma: #Now that's someone who doesn't mess around! Been a while, Traveler. What do you think?

Traveler: Without her, the Arataki Gang would be done for.

Traveler: Looks like she's going to rack up another certification.

Traveler: You're going to take a vacation, Thoma?

Thoma: I am. The Yashiro Commission is spearheading the domestic services training program, and once I finish assisting the others with the registration process, I plan on taking a long vacation.

Thoma: Lord Kamisato has already approved. I plan to head to Mondstadt to help my mother with a few things.

Traveler: Your mother?

Traveler: You're going back to Mondstadt?

Thoma: What's with the surprised look? Ah... I don't think I've ever shared much about my family with you.

Thoma: There's nothing special about them. My mom was born and raised in Mondstadt, and she's a Knight of Favonius.

Thoma: Contact between Mondstadt and Inazuma has risen since the Sakoku Decree was lifted, so it's gotten easier to write.

Thoma: Haha, once I got a letter from her demanding I send her Inazuman wines so she could taste "what you're drinking over there."

Thoma: But what can possibly rival Dandelion Wine? Shame, though. Even a taste of home might be a luxury for her now.

Thoma: Grand Master Varka's expedition is camped in Nod-Krai, and she received her orders to transfer. She's already en route to join them.

Thoma: It's been years since I last went back... Once I get there, I'll help sort through everything she left behind and see how much Mondstadt's changed.

Thoma: Given how far your travels take you, maybe we'll bump into each other there.