# Talk Dialog

Lauma: ...

Traveler: (Huh? Surely not again...)

Traveler: (But this time, Lauma's the only one here... And it looks like she's actually sleeping.)

Traveler: (Wh—What should I do? How about...)

Lauma: Ah!

Traveler: H—Hello...

Lauma: #Ah, it's you, Traveler. I trust you are well?

Traveler: Were you having a nightmare?

Lauma: ...

Traveler: You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to...

Lauma: No, no, that's not it at all.

Lauma: It's just... my antlers are quite heavy — I almost toppled over. It gave me quite a shock.

Traveler: I see...

Traveler: I guess sleeping sitting up takes skill.

Lauma: Haha, indeed it does.

Lauma: As you've seen, my antlers are bigger than everyone else's. It can get quite exhausting whenever I have to walk long distances.

Lauma: Which is why I try to find the time to come here and rest whenever I can. I fear I must have nodded off this time, however.

Traveler: That sounds hard.

Traveler: Is there anything that can be done to lighten the load?

Lauma: ...

Lauma: I'm afraid nothing much helps beyond finding somewhere to sit down every now and then and taking a rest.

Lauma: Miss Aino once offered to produce a mechanical device that would help support my neck and antlers...

Lauma: While I was grateful, it didn't seem to be entirely... How should I put it...

Traveler: Proper?

Lauma: Hehe, yes, that's a fine choice of word.

Lauma: Someone in my role needs to maintain a certain image.

Lauma: As Moonchanter of the Frostmoon Scions, it would be unseemly to appear in public with a machine around my neck.

Traveler: "Mechanical Lady..."

Traveler: "...of the Forest"...

Lauma: Indeed...

Traveler: Having your very own Paimon would solve the problem.

Traveler: She could help you hold your antlers up from behind...

Lauma: Hmm? That's actually...

Traveler: Sorry! I was only joking.

Lauma: Hehehe...

Lauma: I must say, I found that quite the amusing mental image.

Lauma: Thank you, a good laugh was exactly what I needed to chase the tiredness away.

Traveler: Don't mention it.

Traveler: I'm here all week!

Lauma: Don't be a stranger. Feel free to drop by whenever you're passing through.

Lauma: I'll make sure we have all the fresh fruit you can eat.