# Talk Dialog

Aino: So, the wires go here, then there, then here, and then... Ta-da, all done! See, super easy-peasy, right?
Illuga: (Why on earth am I here at this class? Where's Flins? We agreed to come together!)
Illuga: Uh... Right! I understand! I've got it written down! All of it!
Aino: Writing it down won't do any good. Last time you said you had it memorized, but today you showed up and forgot everything again. Ineffa, confiscate his notebook. You're writing it down from memory now.
Illuga: What!? Wait, let me take one more look!
Traveler: Oh? We're just in time for an exam, it seems.
Ineffa: You have taken multiple looks, but every look is directed somewhere different. I presume that you are attempting to find methods to evade the lesson.
Ineffa: Such efforts are futile. All such methods have been rendered ineffective.
Illuga: But I haven't even said anything!
Ineffa: Your eyes indicate your intent clearly, Mr. Illuga.
Ineffa: For instance, you placed the partially finished krumkake in our workshop stove ahead of time.
Ineffa: I hypothesize that your plan was to secretly take it out during the practical class to draw Aino's attention.
Ineffa: However, I have already removed that krumkake. It can be reheated for consumption after class.
Traveler: Lightkeepers sure are a nimble lot...
Illuga: How on earth did you find out...
Ineffa: Mr. Flins has already executed this method once.
Illuga: (What!? Flins told me he hid his krumkake in the cabinet! How come he hid it in the stove too!?)
Ineffa: Also, you were carrying a bag of crushed small fish, Mr. Illuga. I believe that was an attempt to lure stray cats along the roadside as you walked.
Ineffa: You would put the bag under your feet. The kittens would gather around you. Afterwards, you would pick one up and exclaim, "What a cute kitten"...
Ineffa: Upon which Aino's attention would be drawn accordingly.
Ineffa: Unfortunately, Mr. Flins has also tried this method before.
Illuga: (Impossible! All small animals are afraid of Flins, they wouldn't dare to get close to him. How in the world...)
Ineffa: While he did not lure the small animals here himself, he taught this method to Aino.
Ineffa: Subsequently, Aino utilized this method to play with the small animals for an entire afternoon. The lesson for that day had to be canceled.
Ineffa: This time, however, I have already fed all the small animals present in the area. Therefore, this method will also be ineffective.
Illuga: What do you mean you fed all the animals around here? Even the deer and birds...?
Ineffa: Affirmative. In order to preserve the learning environment, I have already fed all the small animals located within the vicinity. Every individual has been attended to.
Ineffa: As such, please start writing down the circuit diagram we just covered.
Illuga: I... Uh, I...
Flins: Ah, Mr. Illuga. I apologize for intruding upon your studies...
Flins: #Greetings to you all. Miss Aino, Miss Ineffa, Mr. Traveler, Paimon.
Aino: He's here! The truant is here!
Flins: It is with great regret that I find myself unable to attend your enlightening lectures. However, a matter of absolute urgency necessitates both my own departure and Mr. Illuga's temporary withdrawal from this gathering.
Ineffa: Hmm. The same non-negotiable reason has again been invoked: "A matter of absolute urgency, by order of Headquarters."
Flins: Such is life, full of non-negotiable frustrations.
Traveler: Well, your "frustrations" sure do come at the most "inconvenient" times...
Flins: Indeed, that is why we term them so — for they have a "frustrating" habit of arriving at the most inopportune of moments, catching us quite off guard.
Flins: Now, Young Master, let us be on our way.
Illuga: ...Mr. Flins, none of those tricks you mentioned earlier worked!
Flins: I'm very sorry to hear that. Hmm... I'll make sure to share some new ones with you next time.
Flins: Just a pity that after what just happened, another one of my best ones is now off the table for the foreseeable future...