# Talk Dialog

Jahoda: I was just! Passing! Through! Seriously, how many times do I have to say it to get it through your thick metal head?
Jahoda: (Drat... I felt bad when I spoke to her like that last time, and I really want to say sorry, but... Agh, it's so hard to say it out loud!)
Jahoda: Anyway, I'm dumping off some excess scrap I don't need. Got them during an... uhh... a commission, yeah.
Jahoda: (And I even went out of my way to get these components... Agh! What am I doing?! Come on, Jahoda, it's not that hard... just gotta apologize to Ineffa...)
Aino: Hehe, thanks a bunch!
Aino: #Traveler! You're here too! Wow, today's a great day. Ineffa, get more krumkakes ready!
Traveler: Hey there. Just dropped by to check in on things.
Jahoda: #(Gah... How does he say this stuff so naturally? Come on, I've gotta get it together...)
Jahoda: Ahem! Uh, Ineffa! About that t—time I, uhh... umm...
Jahoda: ...Called you a dumb-dumb metalface... That was on me. I'm sorry...
Ineffa: As far as I am concerned, my face is indeed made of metal, so I agree with that aspect of your assessment. However, I disagree with the rest. The logic module that Aino created is not "dumb-dumb."
Jahoda: Huh? S—So, do you accept my apology or not...?
Ineffa: You do not need to apologize to me, Jahoda. You should be apologizing to my logic module. It is not a dumb-dumb, and neither is the one who made it.
Traveler: ...Aino, have you been fiddling with Ineffa's humor parameters again?
Aino: ...Only because she asked me to. She didn't want to disappoint Jahoda, so I raised it... just a little bit.
Jahoda: So you're just making fun of me!?
Ineffa: I am not. As a matter of fact, the aforementioned module truly is all Jahoda needs to apologize for.
Ineffa: A portion of said module's external monitoring port is located in my eye. Please make eye contact with me, and apologize to it.
Jahoda: Yikes...
Jahoda: Uh... O—Okay, I'll just spit it out...
Jahoda: I'm sorry, uh, logic module that Aino made for Ineffa...
Ineffa: Very well. My logic module and I forgive you, Jahoda.
Ineffa: Have this Lakkaberry Krumkake as your reward. It's freshly made.
Ineffa: #Aino, Traveler, you two are welcome to have some as well.
Jahoda: *sigh* Finally...
Jahoda: (I... finally managed to say it... even though it turned out a little weird. That took more out of me than exploring a whole ruin...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: It's alright. Ineffa's not mad at you.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: She's always cared about you.
Jahoda: I know. Still.. Is it just me, or is she a bit chattier than usual today?
Traveler: Chattier, not funnier?
Jahoda: Funny? Is she supposed to be funny... Wait, why are you bringing this up?
Jahoda: And Ineffa! Don't take the krumkakes away, I haven't eaten mine!
Ineffa: No. After all, you now need to apologize for something else.
Jahoda: Huh!?
Ineffa: Aino. Please adjust my humor level back to its default value.
Ineffa: Jahoda. Please take a seat.
Jahoda: Don't point that vacuum cleaner at me! Aino! What the heck's going on?!
Ineffa: You will not leave until you are amused by my humor.