# Talk Dialog

Clorinde: "Though the Marechaussee Hunters had much they wished to share with one another, at this moment, the joy of reunion must yield to the crisis at hand."

Clorinde: Now then, the combat round continues. You have the first turn.

Clorinde: Also, since we have a new member joining us, I'll be adding some "Dark Cards" to boost the enemies' various abilities.

Navia: #Traveler isn't a sudden addition, he's been traveling with us all along.

Navia: We've just, uh... parted for a short while, that's all! Totally normal!

Clorinde: Ah, I've already counted the "Dark Cards." You should start discussing your tactics.

Navia: *sigh* You're so strict, Clorinde...

Navia: #Anyway, let's stick to the original strategy. Now that we have Traveler with us, we have enough people.

Navia: Illuga and I will hold the line out front against the monsters' assault.

Navia: #Jahoda, Traveler, you circle around to the back and take 'em all down in one swoop.

Jahoda: Alright, leave it to me! Hehe, we "Masters of Qi" get huge damage boosts when attacking from behind.

Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Chef? How's a Chef... gonna perform a sneak attack?

Traveler: I can use my frying pan for a Charged Attack.

Clorinde: Correct. Your frying pan is a blunt weapon that, given the right card draw, can inflict prolonged stun effects on enemies.

Traveler: I can persuade opponents to surrender with food.

Clorinde: Yes. If you can actually draw good cards.

Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Doctor? How's a Doctor... gonna perform a sneak attack?

Traveler: I can attack with medicinal products.

Clorinde: Your medicine box does indeed contain items with high toxicity and anesthetic properties.

Traveler: I can knock them out with my heavy medicine box.

Clorinde: Hmm, I've calculated the weight of your medicine box, and yes, that would work.

Clorinde: Furthermore, after throwing the medicine box, the highly toxic and anesthetic substances stored inside will be considered as having been thrown at the target as well.