# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Use medicine to attack...)

Clorinde: #"The Marechaussee Hunter reached into their medicine box. But just as he was about to prepare a potion, he accidentally knocked over one of the ingredients."

Clorinde: #"The spilled ingredient contaminated the other substances, causing various chemicals to react with one another. A toxic mist rose up, making the Marechaussee Hunter and his companion cough repeatedly, nausea causing their vision to swim."

Jahoda: *sigh* That didn't work at all! Ugh, okay, whatever, the monsters are charging at me anyway. I'll just stand, plant, and blow 'em away with "Four Elements Strike"...

Jahoda: Ack! That hurts! Ugh, who bit my leg... Huh, Ashru, what are you doing here?

Ashru: Meow, meow—

Jahoda: Ah...! I—Is it this late already!? Oh no, oh no, I completely forgot the task that Boss Nef asked me to handle!

Jahoda: I'm sorry, I—I'm sorry, I—I—I can't play right now—

Ashru: Meow, meow meow meow~

Jahoda: Ashru, wait for me! Hey, why are you running off so fast!

Clorinde: Well... It seems we'll have to end our game here for today.

Clorinde: Navia, put the monster sign back where it was, I saw that.

Traveler: By the way, Navia, Clorinde...

Traveler: Why did you come all the way here to play "Tabletop Troupe"?

Clorinde: Well... *chuckle* That's quite a long story.

Clorinde: If we get the chance, we can sit down and discuss it in detail.

Navia: Hmm. Actually, didn't Illuga say he wanted to invite a colleague to play with us?

Navia: Since this game's paused anyway, why don't we take this chance to go find him? The more people we have, the more fun we'll have!

Illuga: Mr. Flins? He... Uh... Yeah, I'm sure he'll play with us if we go look for him...

Navia: Ah, that's perfect! Come on, let's go buy him some gifts first, and then pay him a visit in person.

Clorinde: #Traveler, we'll let you know once we're ready.

Navia: When the time comes, you have to continue the adventure with us.

Traveler: If you call, I shall answer.

Navia: That's my trusty companion for you! Now, let's go pay Mr. Flins a visit... Hmm... What kind of gift should we get him?