# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Throw the entire medicine box...)
Clorinde ("Game Master"): #"The Marechaussee Hunter hurled the entire medicine box at the enemy. Though it struck their head with pinpoint accuracy, the box proved far more durable than he had anticipated."
Clorinde ("Game Master"): "The medicine box did not shatter. The medicines inside did mix to create a toxic smoke, but the fumes remained tightly sealed within the box. Not a single wisp escaped."
Jahoda: *sigh* That didn't work at all! Ugh, okay, whatever, the monsters are charging at me anyway. I'll just stand, plant, and blow 'em away with "Four Elements Strike"...
Jahoda: Ack! That hurts! Ugh, who bit my leg... Huh, Ashru, what are you doing here?
Ashru: Meow, meow—
Jahoda: Ah...! I—Is it this late already!? Oh no, oh no, I completely forgot the task that Boss Nef asked me to handle!
Jahoda: I'm sorry, I—I'm sorry, I—I—I can't play right now—
Ashru: Meow, meow meow meow~
Jahoda: Ashru, wait for me! Hey, why are you running off so fast!
Clorinde: Well... It seems we'll have to end our game here for today.
Clorinde: Navia, put the monster sign back where it was, I saw that.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: By the way, Navia, Clorinde...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Why did you come all the way here to play "Tabletop Troupe"?
Clorinde: Well... *chuckle* That's quite a long story.
Clorinde: If we get the chance, we can sit down and discuss it in detail.
Navia: Hmm. Actually, didn't Illuga say he wanted to invite a colleague to play with us?
Navia: Since this game's paused anyway, why don't we take this chance to go find him? The more people we have, the more fun we'll have!
Illuga: Mr. Flins? He... Uh... Yeah, I'm sure he'll play with us if we go look for him...
Navia: Ah, that's perfect! Come on, let's go buy him some gifts first, and then pay him a visit in person.
Clorinde: #Traveler, we'll let you know once we're ready.
Navia: When the time comes, you have to continue the adventure with us.
Traveler: If you call, I shall answer.
Navia: That's my trusty companion for you! Now, let's go pay Mr. Flins a visit... Hmm... What kind of gift should we get him?