# Talk Dialog

Kuki Shinobu: I've already organized all the materials related to the products and the business premises. Considering that the standard procedure of applying for the business license can take some time...
Kuki Shinobu: I recommend that you coordinate with your partner in Fontaine as soon as possible to decide on a timing for handling the paperwork.
Yamada: Oh dear! There I was, so caught up in choosing the new store location that I almost forgot about this. Almost messed up big time!
Kuki Shinobu: Please don't panic. According to the schedule we drew up, there's still ample buffer time.
Yamada: Miss Kuki Shinobu, you truly are a professional consultant. If it weren't for your help, I don't know how many pitfalls I might have fallen into on my first overseas business venture.
Kuki Shinobu: You're too kind. I'm simply doing my duty. I've accepted your commission — it is my responsibility to oversee every detail.
Kuki Shinobu: As for the next phase of our marketing strategy, I have a fairly clear picture of our target audience, but I'll still need some time to scope out the competition.
Yamada: Of course! I really appreciate it. I'll check in with my partner first. We will reconvene once a suitable time has been arranged.
Kuki Shinobu: Alright, feel free to contact me anytime.
Kuki Shinobu: #...Traveler? What a coincidence running into you here. How have you been lately?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Hi Shinobu! I've been good.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Are you in Fontaine on business?
Kuki Shinobu: Yes. A business owner wants to promote Inazuman specialties in Fontaine, so she engaged me as a consultant. I'm also helping to draft the business plan.
Kuki Shinobu: Which brings me here on this business trip to assist with local procedures. It's a good chance to conduct market research too.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: That's our Shinobu for you!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: The Arataki Gang's business is booming!
Kuki Shinobu: Speaking of which, this business owner is quite generous. After learning about the Gang's situation, she volunteered to cover travel expenses for the other members too.
Traveler: So... Itto and the others are here as well!?
Kuki Shinobu: That's right, we came here together.
Kuki Shinobu: Let me check the time... They should be underwater by now.
Traveler: Underwater?
Kuki Shinobu: Yes. "Underwater." Meaning, the Fortress of Meropide.
Traveler: What happened!?
Kuki Shinobu: ...
Arataki Itto: Whoa... WOOHOO! Man, the water feels great!
Arataki Itto: Pretty quick for such a teensy little ship, huh? But did you really think Arataki "The Man" Itto was gonna lose to some boat?
Arataki Itto: Akira, Mamoru, get in the water quick! Last one to catch that boat's a rotten egg! Not gonna be me thou— *cough* *glug* Hey! Do you even know how to swim, Genta!? 'Cuz splashing water in my mouth is not how you do it!
Genta: Boss... Wait... I still haven't learned... *glug* *glug*...
Elphane: Huh!? Pl—Please refrain from swimming in the aquarail waterway, passengers! It is very dangerous!
Elphane: I repeat: Foreign tourists must also comply with local laws! Passengers are not to swim in the aquarail waterway! This is a violation of the "Aquarail Traffic Safety Act"—
Elphane: Ugh, does anyone happen to know that very tall gentleman over there? Could you please help convince him to board the boat? Otherwise...
Kuki Shinobu: I apologize, Miss Melusine, for causing you trouble. I'll fish them out right away.
Elphane: Menthe. Good thing you're here...
Menthe: Understood. Hey, you, Big Guy! Your behavior constitutes a serious threat to public transportation safety. I'm going to need you to come with me!
Arataki Itto: Huh? You got any proof? Who's been threatened? Everyone looks perfectly fine to me! Hmph. Y'know, I've got a top-notch lawyer on my side, don't say I didn't warn ya!
Arataki Itto: Besides, even that tengu warrior everyone's soooo scared of back home in Inazuma can't do nothin' to me. How's a shorty like you supposed to bring me in?
Menthe: Sh—Shorty…
Menthe: *sniff* That's really mean! Monsieur Neuvillette said I'm perfectly capable of doing any job I set my mind to! I'm going to arrest you right now!
Kuki Shinobu: Can it, Boss! Officer Melusine, I will cooperate and provide eyewitness testimony.
Arataki Itto: Hey, Shinobu! Aren't we supposed to be on the same team!? How could you—
Kuki Shinobu: ...This isn't a big deal right now, but if you don't cooperate, this'll only escalate further. Wouldn't wanna make a fool of yourself while we're overseas, now, would you?
Arataki Itto: First you switch sides, then you go and hit 'em a home run right out of the gate…
Kuki Shinobu: All done, Officer Melusine. You can take them now. They won't give you any trouble.
Mamoru (Akinori & Mamoru & Genta): Boss! Wherever you go, we'll follow!
Kuki Shinobu: ...That about sums it up.
Kuki Shinobu: It's not that serious. Their detention period will be just about over when I finish my business here. I'll just pick them up on the way back to Inazuma.
Traveler: You have it tough...
Kuki Shinobu: Eh, this is nothing. I'm used to it.
Kuki Shinobu: I hear the Fortress of Meropide has a different management style from the Commissions' detention cells. It'll be a good opportunity for the Boss to broaden his horizons.
Kuki Shinobu: Are you free later? I'm planning to go pick out some gifts for Yanfei and Miss Kujou. I'd appreciate if you could provide a second opinion.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Absolutely, no problem!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I'm ready any time.
Kuki Shinobu: Thank you for your help. Just a moment, Ushi—
Kuki Shinobu: Come on, we should get going.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Wait! If Bull-Chucker's in jail...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Why's the bull still here!?
Ushi: Moo!
Kuki Shinobu: Ushi has always had his own principles. He never gets involved in anything the gang does that's unreasonable or against the law.
Ushi: Moo, moo!
Kuki Shinobu: He also helps handle all sorts of errands within the gang. For example, Ushi was basically in charge of packing for this business trip.
Kuki Shinobu: I once advised him that he didn't need to force himself to stay by the Boss's side. With his talents, he could accomplish much greater things.
Kuki Shinobu: But Ushi seems to have his own plans, and well, I trust his judgment.
Ushi: Moo...