# Talk Dialog

Aino: Big Sis Yoimiya! You're here!

Traveler: (Calling her "Big Sis" Yoimiya already, huh?)

Traveler: (Guess that's "Big Sis" Yoimiya for you!)

Yoimiya: Hey there, Aino! I came as soon as I got your letter. So, how's it going? Is it done?

Aino: You bet! I finished your order right away, hehe. Ineffa, help me verify the order.

Ineffa: Affirmative. Retrieving order data...

Ineffa: Client "Big Sis Yoimiya." Ordered a custom-made companion gift for children. Order complete.

Ineffa: Remarks: To be traded for Tricolor Dango recipe, Launch Tube, kite, spinning top, and Temari.

Ineffa: Order verification complete.

Aino: Hehe, everything's right here. Check it out — satisfaction guaranteed!

Yoimiya: Let me see... Woah! This is... a pot of fish?

Aino: Yup! I call it the Wibbly Wobbly Fishie Pot! Look, the fish can even wiggle back and forth. Don't they look like they're really swimming in water?

Aino: Now you won't have to worry about Matsuzaka and the others not being able to keep fish alive! They don't even need to change the water. What do you think? What do you think? Do you like it?

Yoimiya: Wow, wow! Fish planted in a flower pot? That's awesome, hahaha! Aino, how did you come up with something this cool?

Yoimiya: Matsuzaka, Iwao and Saika are going to be so excited! I'll say thanks for them first!

Aino: Of course! As long as there's sweet stuff involved, brain work is easy-peasy for me.

Traveler: That's really awesome! Great job, Aino!

Aino: You like it too? I made lots 'cuz I had enough materials. You can have this one!

Traveler: Here's to our new friends! Thank you, Aino...

Traveler: Should I trade some dessert recipes too?

Aino: No need, no need! Big Sis Yoimiya gave me lots of gifts, and she even made me so many toys that I've never seen before!

Aino: I don't quite get how to play with the spinning top, though... Could you teach me one more time, Big Sis Yoimiya?

Yoimiya: No, no problem at all! I even made a special "Aino-Only Top String" just for you.

Yoimiya: Here, take it — and let's have a spin-off and see whose top can spin longer and faster!

Aino: Yay! Loser's gotta help Ineffa make krumkake.

Ineffa: And the winner may continue operating the spinning top while awaiting the completion of aforementioned krumkake.

Aino: Yea, exactly! Hurry up, hurry up, Big Sis! I practiced a whole bunch yesterday!

Yoimiya: Ohoho, trying to beat me? Not in a hundred years, hehe!

Traveler: Aino's having a lot of fun...

Traveler: Why don't you give it a go, Ineffa?

Ineffa: I performed this trial yesterday. Following precise calculation of the force, angle and time necessary to initiate the spinning operation, I have concluded — so long as I apply sustained force, the spinning top will continue rotating indefinitely.

Traveler: Continue rotating indefinitely, you say...

Ineffa: Affirmative. My spinning top ceased rotation only when Aino and Miss Yoimiya fell asleep on the sofa, and I proceeded to cover them with a blanket.

Ineffa: Since then, I have assessed that I remain best utilized performing my designated functions: making krumkake, and reminding Aino and Miss Yoimiya to eat.

Ineffa: With that said, Aino's emotional state has taken a significant positive shift following Miss Yoimiya's arrival.

Ineffa: Inference: She has established a new friendship. This is most favorable.