# Talk Dialog

Illuga: (As expected of the veteran player Miss Navia mentioned before, they got into character instantly...)
Clorinde ("Game Master"): "Though the Marechaussee Hunters had much they wished to share with one another, at this moment, the joy of reunion must yield to the crisis at hand."
Clorinde ("Game Master"): Now then, the combat round continues. You have the first turn.
Clorinde ("Game Master"): Also, since we have a new member joining us, I'll be adding some "Dark Cards" to boost the enemies' various abilities.
Navia: #Traveler isn't a sudden addition, he's been traveling with us all along.
Navia: We've just, uh... parted for a short while, that's all! Totally normal!
Clorinde ("Game Master"): Ah, I've already counted the "Dark Cards." You should start discussing your tactics.
Navia: *sigh* You're so strict, Clorinde...
Navia: #Anyway, let's stick to the original strategy. Now that we have Traveler with us, we have enough people.
Navia: Illuga and I will hold the line out front against the monsters' assault.
Navia: #Jahoda, Traveler, you circle around to the back and take 'em all down in one swoop.
Jahoda: Alright, leave it to me! Hehe, we "Masters of Qi" get huge damage boosts when attacking from behind.

Option 1:

> Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Chef? How's a Chef... gonna perform a sneak attack?
> Traveler: I can use my frying pan for a Charged Attack.
> Clorinde ("Game Master"): Correct. Your frying pan is a blunt weapon that, given the right card draw, can inflict prolonged stun effects on enemies.

Option 2:

> Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Doctor? How's a Doctor... gonna perform a sneak attack?
> Traveler: I can attack with medicinal products.
> Clorinde ("Game Master"): Your medicine box does indeed contain items with high toxicity and anesthetic properties.

Option 3:

> Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Chef? How's a Chef... gonna perform a sneak attack?
> Traveler: I can persuade opponents to surrender with food.
> Clorinde ("Game Master"): Yes. If you can actually draw good cards.

Option 4:

> Jahoda: Uh, but, hehe... Why are you a Doctor? How's a Doctor... gonna perform a sneak attack?
> Traveler: I can knock them out with my heavy medicine box.
> Clorinde ("Game Master"): Hmm, I've calculated the weight of your medicine box, and yes, that would work.
> Clorinde ("Game Master"): Furthermore, after throwing the medicine box, the highly toxic and anesthetic substances stored inside will be considered as having been thrown at the target as well.
