# Talk Dialog

Jahoda: So that's how it is... These "Tabletop Troupe" games really are complicated... You gotta have a lot of imagination...

Navia: #Hmm... Coming up with a strategy already, huh? Nice work, Traveler. But let me say one more thing. Illuga, don't go charging in alone this time.

Illuga: I understand. A "Lochknight"'s duty is to protect their companions and be their shield... Sorry, I always can't help myself...

Jahoda: Oh, don't worry about it. I can act three times in a round, so I'll definitely keep up with you. Just play however you want. Hehehe...

Navia: Alright, Illuga, we'll be counting on you!

Illuga: Then I shall... use the skill attached to the Lochknight's shield: "Wrath of Righteousness"!

Clorinde: "The Lochknight raised their shield, chanting the knights' creed out loud. The monsters were completely captivated by the radiance of justice, and the fearless knight standing within that light."

Clorinde: "Meanwhile, the two companions lying in wait behind the foe seized this opportunity, preparing to launch their attack."

Jahoda: You take the first swing, I'll hit right after!

Traveler: (Perform Charged Attack with frying pan)

Clorinde: #"The Marechaussee Hunter's skills hadn't dulled with time. Nimbly he leapt from the bushes and delivered a mighty blow to the enemy's head with his frying pan."

Clorinde: "Though the frying pan might be ordinary, the Marechaussee Hunter was no ordinary Chef. The enemy let out a grunt before collapsing completely."

Traveler: (Perform Charged Attack with frying pan)

Clorinde: "The Marechaussee Hunter suddenly leapt out from the bushes, violently slamming the frying pan into the enemy."

Clorinde: "However, while the Marechaussee Hunter was no ordinary Chef, the frying pan was just an ordinary frying pan."

Clorinde: "As it struck the back of the enemy's head, it shattered into pieces. Stunned for a moment, the enemy turned around, glaring at the now unarmed Marechaussee Hunter."

Traveler: (Start cooking...)

Clorinde: "The Marechaussee Hunter deftly took out some cooking utensils and began to quickly prepare an exquisite, delicious meal."

Clorinde: #"Lured by the aroma, the enemies focused entirely on this feast in the making, completely overlooking the Marechaussee Hunter and his companion."

Traveler: (Start cooking...)

Clorinde: "The Marechaussee Hunter deftly took out some cooking utensils and began cooking, quickly preparing a meal."

Clorinde: "Drawn by the sounds of cooking, the enemies stared in confusion at the Marechaussee Hunter preparing food, seemingly oblivious to the meal being prepared."

Traveler: (Use medicine to attack...)

Clorinde: "The Marechaussee Hunter reached into their medicine box and skillfully concocted an anesthetic potion."

Clorinde: #"He stealthily rolled the potion towards the enemies' feet. In an instant, the unsuspecting foes fell, unconscious."

Traveler: (Use medicine to attack...)

Clorinde: #"The Marechaussee Hunter reached into their medicine box. But just as he was about to prepare a potion, he accidentally knocked over one of the ingredients."

Clorinde: #"The spilled ingredient contaminated the other substances, causing various chemicals to react with one another. A toxic mist rose up, making the Marechaussee Hunter and his companion cough repeatedly, nausea causing their vision to swim."

Traveler: (Throw the entire medicine box...)

Clorinde: #"The Marechaussee Hunter hurled the entire medicine box at the enemy. Just as he anticipated, when the box shattered, the medicines within began to mix."

Clorinde: "Caught amidst the highly toxic mist, the enemy, already struck in the back of the head by the medicine box, grew dizzy and collapsed to the ground."

Traveler: (Throw the entire medicine box...)

Clorinde: #"The Marechaussee Hunter hurled the entire medicine box at the enemy. Though it struck their head with pinpoint accuracy, the box proved far more durable than he had anticipated."

Clorinde: "The medicine box did not shatter. The medicines inside did mix to create a toxic smoke, but the fumes remained tightly sealed within the box. Not a single wisp escaped."

Jahoda: N—Nice! Okay. Next, I'll... Right. Gotta use "Swift as Wind" to close the distance, then use "Four Elements Strike" from behind...

Jahoda: *sigh* That didn't work at all! Ugh, okay, whatever, the monsters are charging at me anyway. I'll just stand, plant, and blow 'em away with "Four Elements Strike"...

Jahoda: Ack! That hurts! Ugh, who bit my leg... Huh, Ashru, what are you doing here?

Ashru: Meow, meow—

Jahoda: Ah...! I—Is it this late already!? Oh no, oh no, I completely forgot the task that Boss Nef asked me to handle!

Jahoda: I'm sorry, I—I'm sorry, I—I—I can't play right now—

Ashru: Meow, meow meow meow~

Jahoda: Ashru, wait for me! Hey, why are you running off so fast!

Clorinde: Well... It seems we'll have to end our game here for today.

Clorinde: Navia, put the monster sign back where it was, I saw that.

Traveler: By the way, Navia, Clorinde...

Traveler: Why did you come all the way here to play "Tabletop Troupe"?

Clorinde: Well... *chuckle* That's quite a long story.

Clorinde: If we get the chance, we can sit down and discuss it in detail.

Navia: Hmm. Actually, didn't Illuga say he wanted to invite a colleague to play with us?

Navia: Since this game's paused anyway, why don't we take this chance to go find him? The more people we have, the more fun we'll have!

Illuga: Mr. Flins? He... Uh... Yeah, I'm sure he'll play with us if we go look for him...

Navia: Ah, that's perfect! Come on, let's go buy him some gifts first, and then pay him a visit in person.

Clorinde: #Traveler, we'll let you know once we're ready.

Navia: When the time comes, you have to continue the adventure with us.

Traveler: If you call, I shall answer.

Navia: That's my trusty companion for you! Now, let's go pay Mr. Flins a visit... Hmm... What kind of gift should we get him?