# Talk Dialog

Traveler: (Perform Charged Attack with frying pan)
Clorinde ("Game Master"): #"The Marechaussee Hunter's skills hadn't dulled with time. Nimbly he leapt from the bushes and delivered a mighty blow to the enemy's head with his frying pan."
Clorinde ("Game Master"): "Though the frying pan might be ordinary, the Marechaussee Hunter was no ordinary Chef. The enemy let out a grunt before collapsing completely."
Jahoda: N—Nice! Okay. Next, I'll... Right. Gotta use "Swift as Wind" to close the distance, then use "Four Elements Strike" from behind...
Jahoda: *sigh* That didn't work at all! Ugh, okay, whatever, the monsters are charging at me anyway. I'll just stand, plant, and blow 'em away with "Four Elements Strike"...
Jahoda: Ack! That hurts! Ugh, who bit my leg... Huh, Ashru, what are you doing here?
Ashru: Meow, meow—
Jahoda: Ah...! I—Is it this late already!? Oh no, oh no, I completely forgot the task that Boss Nef asked me to handle!
Jahoda: I'm sorry, I—I'm sorry, I—I—I can't play right now—
Ashru: Meow, meow meow meow~
Jahoda: Ashru, wait for me! Hey, why are you running off so fast!
Clorinde: Well... It seems we'll have to end our game here for today.
Clorinde: Navia, put the monster sign back where it was, I saw that.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: By the way, Navia, Clorinde...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Why did you come all the way here to play "Tabletop Troupe"?
Clorinde: Well... *chuckle* That's quite a long story.
Clorinde: If we get the chance, we can sit down and discuss it in detail.
Navia: Hmm. Actually, didn't Illuga say he wanted to invite a colleague to play with us?
Navia: Since this game's paused anyway, why don't we take this chance to go find him? The more people we have, the more fun we'll have!
Illuga: Mr. Flins? He... Uh... Yeah, I'm sure he'll play with us if we go look for him...
Navia: Ah, that's perfect! Come on, let's go buy him some gifts first, and then pay him a visit in person.
Clorinde: #Traveler, we'll let you know once we're ready.
Navia: When the time comes, you have to continue the adventure with us.
Traveler: If you call, I shall answer.
Navia: That's my trusty companion for you! Now, let's go pay Mr. Flins a visit... Hmm... What kind of gift should we get him?