# Talk Dialog

Aino: Almost... There. That should do it. Once Ineffa wakes up, I'm treating myself to three whole slices of cake!
Traveler: Aino? What's wrong with Ineffa?
Aino: Oh hey, are you here to play? Sorry, but I'm busy right now! Just give me a bit, I'll be done soon!
Aino: Ineffa's fine, by the way. Just undergoing some routine maintenance.
Aino: But a few days ago, Jahoda called her an "unfunny, dumb-dumb metalface lunkhead." Right before starting her maintenance, she asked me if I could upgrade her sense of humor.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Ineffa's fine as she is, humor or no.
        Aino: Yeah! Glad we're on the same page. Ineffa's the best!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: You're such an attentive parent, Aino.
        Aino: Hehe, well of course! Why, I'm queen parent of parenthood kingdom!
Aino: Okay, I'm going to activate her. Ineffa, wake up! Time to get out of bed.
Ineffa: #Good morning, Aino. Good morning, Traveler. Aino, have you managed to upgrade my sense of humor?
Aino: Duh! Such a trivial task is nothing to a genius like me! Now, time to do some testing to see if the upgrade's resulted in any hiccups...
Aino: Ineffa! Can you add more sugar to my krumkakes? Please respond to me in a way that is humorous.
Ineffa: I cannot. The more sugar I put into a krumkake, the less sugar the krumkake will have.
Traveler: Come again?
Aino: What?
Ineffa: The more sugar I put into a krumkake, the more prone Aino will be to toothaches. The more toothaches she has, the less sugar she can consume.
Ineffa: The less sugar she can consume, the less sugar I can add to the krumkakes.
Ineffa: Therefore: The more sugar I put into a krumkake, the less sugar the krumkake will have.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I... I don't think that's how it works...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: That... doesn't seem right...
Aino: Okay, that's not supposed to happen... Help me with another test, will ya?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If you add a lot of sugar into the krumkakes and make Aino eat sweet things...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What'll happen if the situation stays bad for a while?
Ineffa: #If it stays bad for a while, Traveler will crack a smile.
Traveler: I'll what now?
Aino: ...What?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If this sense of humor's your speed...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...I guess you can say she now has one?
Ineffa: You are not laughing, so I suspect I was not understood. Actually, the first joke I told used a deliberately flawed chain of logic.
Ineffa: After confusing the relative relationships between krumkakes, sugar, Aino, and Aino's dental health, I drew a ridiculous conclusion: That the more sugar I put into a krumkake, the less sugar the krumkake will have.
Ineffa: For the second joke, I used a rhyme scheme between the similar-sounding phrases, "bad for a while" and "crack a smile," to express humor.
Aino: ...Oookay... Well, the jokes are funny, but the punchlines don't work if they aren't explained.
Ineffa: Yes. However, according to my database queries, such statements are considered humorous due to their chaotic structure and lack of direct causal relationships.
Ineffa: Such chaotic sentences serve as a form of guidepost, while the humor lies in the explanation that follows.
Aino: Ohh...
Aino: Huh, interesting. Ineffa, write some of these chaotic jokes down! We'll get Jahoda to be our guinea pig.
Aino: #Traveler, why are you covering your face? You got a toothache? Hehe, have you gone on a sugar binge too?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: No... I'm just tired.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: No... I'm just cold.
Aino: #Huh? What's wrong? Don't tell me you're getting sick or something... Ineffa, go make him something warm!
Ineffa: #Understood. Maybe he ate too many Harra Fruit, a type of plant from Sumeru.
Aino: Huh? What do those have to do with any of this?
Traveler: Please don't ask...
Ineffa: Because eating them can make you feel "Harra"-fyingly cold.