# Talk Dialog

Aino: Huh? Am I using this wrong? Ineffa, read the operation manual you recorded last time for me again.

Ineffa: Aino, I believe regular lubricant is already sufficient. There's no need to create a brand new product.

Aino: *sigh* We're already here, aren't we? C'mon, I just wanna experiment a bit!

Traveler: What are you doing?

Traveler: Are you trying to brew a potion?

Aino: #Oh, hi there, Traveler! Just the person we need. I bet you know how to use this Crafting Bench.

Aino: Hurry on over and help me make a bottle of that... what's it called again? That cold... "frosty" something... potential oil?

Ineffa: "Frosting Essential Oil."

Aino: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the one, the cold stuff! I wanna mix it with lubricant to create something special for Ineffa's joints.

Aino: I was gonna do it myself, but taking efficiency into account... it might be better if you helped me out a bit.

Ineffa: The truth is, Aino wasted all her ingredients trying and failing to make essential oil. We presently have enough to make only two bottles.

Aino: I didn't fail! I was well within the bounds of reasonable trial and error!

Aino: Making essential oil is a piece of cake for me. Piece. Of. Cake! But since you're the professional, it makes more sense to let you do it now that you're here.

Aino: Hehe... please?

Traveler: Sure, leave it to me.

Traveler: I've got it covered.

Black Screen Text: You quickly help Aino create two perfect bottles of Frosting Essential Oil...

Aino: Wow, you really are a professional! Come on, Ineffa, let's head back and mix up some lubricant.

Aino: Trust me, this new lubricant is gonna solve your overheating issues, easy-peasy!

Ineffa: Alright, Aino, but my internal components are not actually overheating while I'm operational.

Aino: Uhm... Well, it doesn't hurt to be prepared!

Aino: Thanks for the help. I only need one bottle, though, so... you keep the other one!

Aino: Anyway, it's time we were going. Stop by and play when you have some free time.