# Talk Dialog

Jahoda: Illuga, can't you just, y'know, sneak up behind those monsters with me and BAM, take 'em all down?

Jahoda: I can act three times in a round, and there are only four monsters in total. I'll take three down, you just gotta handle the last one.

Illuga: I can draw the monsters' attention from the front, but sneak attacks...

Navia: Hmm... Well, there isn't much we can do. Illuga's a "Lochknight" who chose the "Goblet of Justice."

Clorinde: Indeed. If Illuga were to strike from behind, he would be forced to become an "Oathbreaker Knight." A significant penalty would apply to all actions going forward.

Navia: Oof, that's not good. If we don't defeat all these monsters in one go, those explosives are going to blow us sky-high!

Illuga: There's another way. I can use "Raging Torrent" to dash straight into the thick of it, then detonate the explosives...

Navia: No, no, that won't do at all! Your character would get "Wiped Out" that way! We finally managed to gather the party and have such a lovely time together. It would be such a shame if you were the only one who got "Wiped Out."

Illuga: But if we don't do this, the "Character" that you've been playing for so long might get "Wiped Out" too, Miss Navia. Wouldn't that be worse?

Jahoda: I only just started playing, please don't—

Navia: Hrrrm... Wait, I've got another trick up my sleeve.

Clorinde: Navia, put that krumkake away.

Jahoda: Uh-oh! That move was blocked too!

Traveler: Navia?

Traveler: And Clorinde?

Paimon: These pieces on the table, and the stuff you were saying just now — you're playing...

Navia: Ah! A savior has arrived! Right on time! Quick, quick, quick, come join us!

Navia: Clorinde, this doesn't count as violating the rules, right?

Clorinde: #If he's willing to join us. Oh, by the way, we're currently playing on "Easy Mode" to accommodate the newcomers.

Navia: #Traveler, would you like to continue the adventure with us? You definitely would, right?

Traveler: Sorry, what? What happened?

Traveler: Continue the adventure? Are we continuing from that last...

Jahoda: Oh, come on! Any more questions and those explosives are gonna send us flying!

Traveler: I—I will!

Traveler: I'll join, I'll join—

Clorinde: Good. Since you haven't played a script for a while now, you may have one chance to re-select your skills.

Clorinde: The skills you can modify are "cooking" and "medicine." What do you think? Would you like to make any changes?

Traveler: Learn "cooking"...

Clorinde: Very well. In that case, you want to learn the "cooking" skill, yes?

Traveler: Learn "medicine"...

Clorinde: Very well. In that case, you wish to learn the "medicine" skill, yes?

Traveler: I'm sure.

Traveler: Let me reconsider...

Clorinde: #It doesn't if he's willing to join us. But... It would seem that Traveler hasn't quite grasped the situation.

Clorinde: In short, we're playing a "Tabletop Troupe" script. In it, everyone takes on the role of a character.

Clorinde: For example... Navia is a "Marechaussee Hunter," Jahoda is a "Master of Qi," and Illuga is a "Lochknight"...

Navia: Oh, don't fret! The rules are really simple. Just follow along and have fun, you'll catch on in no time!

Jahoda: If we wait any longer, those explosives are gonna blast us all sky-high!

Traveler: I—I will!

Traveler: I'll join, I'll join—

Clorinde: Hmm. Well then... Due to various factors, I'll set the difficulty of this game to "Easy Mode."

Clorinde: Now then, choose the "skill" for the character you'll be playing.

Traveler: Let's be a Chef...

Clorinde: Very well. In that case, you want to learn the "cooking" skill, yes?

Traveler: Be a Doctor...

Clorinde: Very well. In that case, you wish to learn the "medicine" skill, yes?

Traveler: I'm sure.

Traveler: Let me reconsider...