# Talk Dialog

Ineffa: ...Repairs complete. It was just an old circuit, nothing serious.
Flins: Such remarkable efficiency, Miss Ineffa. If it weren't for you, this street light would have had me stumped.
Flins: If it had proven beyond fixing, I may have had to take my own lantern and hang it in its place.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Luckily, things didn't get to that point...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You wouldn't have needed to go that far...

Ineffa: Aino previously proposed a solution. She said she could train the Ratniki so they'd have the basic knowledge to perform simple tasks, like repairing circuits.
Ineffa: That way, you wouldn't need to inform Aino every time a street light goes out and then wait in the dark until I arrive to repair it.
Traveler: The Ratniki are responsible for fixing the lights?
Flins: Yes... and no. Strictly speaking, "maintaining the brightness of the lights" has been their traditional role.
Flins: Before the use of kuuvahki became widespread, the street lights were powered by regular oil. Back then, people were needed to light and extinguish the flames.
Flins: Because of how dangerous said streets were at night, the Ratniki took on this role — they already carried lanterns, in any case, and were adept at using them while fighting.
Flins: But, as I'm sure you've already noticed, the current street lights are powered by kuuvahki — and it's not so easy to light or extinguish them using traditional means.
Flins: Because of this, whenever a light goes out nowadays, all I can do is stand here helplessly and wait for a professional to come along and solve the problem.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Why don't you let Aino give you some training?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Have you not arranged to have classes?

Ineffa: Aino organized an engineering seminar, but all the Ratniki made excuses to leave halfway through. They said things like "I have an urgent task," or "I need to go on patrol," or "it's time for me to make a report."
Flins: I didn't leave. It is, after all, disrespectful to the host to leave a seminar early.
Ineffa: True, but the biscuits you brought were too much of a distraction for Aino — she stopped teaching completely.
Ineffa: And then I was so busy trying to stop her from eating that I could not take over the seminar.
Ineffa: So please, the next time you attend a class of any kind, don't bring anything sweet that might attract Aino's attention — and don't bring any toys, either.
Flins: Ah, I promise I won't.
Ineffa: Please say it in full. The last time you promised not to bring anything sweet, you brought a toy, and Aino was completely unable to continue.
Flins: I promise I won't bring anything sweet, any toys, or anything else that might unduly divert Miss Aino's attention.
Ineffa: That's better. I'll notify you when she next holds an engineering class. For now, I have to pick some Lakkaberries for her. Goodbye.
Flins: #Hmm... Traveler, do you know of anything else, besides sweet treats, toys, and small, fluffy animals, that might keep Miss Aino quiet for a while? Half an hour shall suffice.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I think you'd be better off studying.
> Flins: *sigh* Since you feel that way, too, it seems I have no choice but to submit myself to her baptism of erudition.
> Flins: I only hope I don't drown in the ocean of knowledge she wishes to impart...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Well... If you can't take any items, why not try bringing a companion instead?
> Flins: A companion? Oh, that is inspired! Perhaps I should ask Miss Nefer if she can send Miss Jahoda to accompany me.
> Traveler: Just don't say it was me who gave you the idea...
> Flins: Naturally! The only reason I wish to ask Miss Jahoda to attend... is that if I am to swim in the great ocean of knowledge, I'd very much like someone else to... enjoy Miss Aino's educational ablutions.
> Flins: Considering the strength of Miss Jahoda's relationship with the two of you, I believe she would be the perfect candidate to go with me.
