# Talk Dialog

Nefer: The people of the Akademiya may be clever, but those clever people simply can't stop themselves from doing stupid things.
Nefer: Thank you, most eminent Lord Sangemah Bay, for improving my mood for the whole morning once more.
Nefer: Ah, and this bottle of wine from Sumeru... Its exquisite flavor is well worth the price.
Dori: As long as you like it! Next month, I'll be sure to have my subordinates deliver more.
Dori: (Please don't like it, please don't like it! This bottle is so wallet-smashingly expensive, I wouldn't have bought it if I didn't absolutely have to pave the way for our future collaborations...!)
Nefer: One jug of wine's enough for today. Just put this round on my tab and we'll settle it at the end of the month. Oh, and don't include Jahoda's secret snack order. She's footing that bill herself.
Nefer: (I know Dori's spent a lot of money trying to get that deal from me. I shan't say no to free drinks, but perhaps it'd be best to leave her some room to wiggle.)
Dori: No problem. I'll send the bill over in a few days.
Dori: (Am I going crazy? Why is Nefer being so straightforward this time? Gah! Don't dwell on it, Dori, just... focus on getting the deal first.)
Nefer: Why so hasty? Please, after all the trust I've placed in you, surely it's unbecoming to fleece a fellow countrywoman over a simple drink?
Nefer: (Dori, oh, Dori. The deal is yours, but the money? Oho, we're going to split it.)
Dori: Oh, come now. Even sisters need to settle accounts clearly. Let's put the Mora on the table first so we don't run into trouble down the line.
Dori: (I don't like that look she's giving me... She wants a cut of the deal, doesn't she? Tsk... That's going to be a pain... How much should I let her have...?)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Dori? And Nefer...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What are you two chatting about?
Nefer: Just some hometown gossip. You're welcome to join us, if you'd like.
Nefer: However, nothing we've discussed prior has been particularly interesting. Mostly more of the same...
Nefer: But really, I must know, Miss Dori. Why did you want to get involved in that fiasco at the Akademiya?
Nefer: It's a simple feat to lift a sleeping serpent from its nest, but what happens when it wakes up? Had you no fear of getting bitten?
Dori: (Gah, she just won't stop! Why is she bringing this up again?! I already answered this question!)
Dori: #(Wait, now that Traveler's here... Could she be using this information to exchange for some favors down the line?)
Dori: #(Ugh... Well, Traveler's the one listening in. What harm could that do? May as well help our personal relationship along, even if it costs me a secret or two...!)
Dori: Hehe, why, business, of course. Sometimes, you just need to learn how to wrangle snakes. That fiasco gave me one of the biggest orders of my entire career.
Nefer: Oho, fascinating. So did you profit from it all?
Nefer: I heard that after Azar fell, a certain group of cowards fled Sumeru. That must've played havoc on your trade routes, with no small amount of goods lost in the process...
Dori: Right, and a sizable sum of Mora, too. But that's just life as a merchant, you win some, you lose some.
Dori: Even big losses are small problems. With money, more helping hands can be found, and more goods purchased. But I had to retain the ability to do business in Sumeru.
Nefer: Hmm... Much like Genius Invokation TCG, then? It doesn't matter if you win or lose, or how many cards you have in your hand. Retaining the right to sit at the table and play is a victory in its own right.
Dori: That's right. As long as I can still do business, I can recoup my losses eventually.
Dori: But I'll never leave the card table I sit at — Sumeru, that is. If I did, I'd really be left with nothing.
Nefer: My, my. I didn't know you loved your homeland so much.
Dori: Well, I love Mora. And I'm the best at earning Mora in Sumeru.
Nefer: Your senses are certainly sharp when it comes to business, Miss Dori. Even now, you prove yourself worthy of the title you claim.
Nefer: And those cowards who fled will never be able to play at your table ever again.