# Talk Dialog

Paimon: Huh? Are Paimon's eyes deceiving her? The person sitting behind the desk is...
Traveler: Oh no, the Duke has turned into a Melusine!
Paimon: Nuh-uh! That's not right! This is clearly...
Traveler: Oops, my mistake. The Duke turned into a vishap.
Paimon: What on earth are you talking about?
Paimon: #Sorry, Pahsiv, he's not quite himself right now...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Hehe, I was just pullin' your leg.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Hey there, Pahsiv.

Pahsiv: Morning, noon, night, Pahsiv!
Paimon: Hello to you too, Pahsiv. Still... what are you doing here in the Fortress of Meropide?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Did you do something bad?
> Paimon: What bad things could Pahsiv do? Cause a mass Tidalga extinction in Fontaine?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Did you get a job here?
> Paimon: Paimon can't imagine what kind of work Pahsiv could do here... Patrol the sea with vishaps in tow?

Pahsiv: Big bright light, Melusine... Pahsiv, hungry...
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon doesn't know what that big bright light is, but we can deal with the hunger problem at least.
Paimon: #Traveler, you must have something yummy in your bag. Why don't we...
Pahsiv: Ah... Wrio! Wrio!
Wriothesley: Wrio, right here.
Wriothesley: Hah, I see we have some unexpected guests. Welcome. Just give me a moment to put my things down.
Wriothesley: How times change, huh? Me, of all people, diving into the water to hunt for food...
Paimon: Paimon sure didn't expect you to do that personally, Your Grace!
Wriothesley: Haha, I don't actually mind. Nothing wrong with the occasional swim. It's good exercise — and if I'm lucky, I even get a free otter show out of it.
Paimon: Right, almost forgot how idle you can be sometimes...
Traveler: So, how did Pahsiv end up here?
Wriothesley: Ah, so that's her name? "Pahsiv"?
Wriothesley: I like it. It sounds... leisurely. Just hearing it said out loud makes me feel relaxed.
Wriothesley: Oh, but to answer your question... Basically, Miss Pahsiv lingered a little too long under the searchlight and got herself captured by some overzealous guards.
Wriothesley: I suspect she was too busy admiring the nearby Tidalga to notice the trap closing in around her.
Wriothesley: You should be more careful in the future, Pahsiv. Don't forget, some fish out there use lights on their heads as bait to snare their prey.
Wriothesley: If you're hunting Tidalga, there's a good chance an Anglerfish is hunting you.
Pahsiv: P...Pahsiv?
Wriothesley: Can't understand what I'm saying, huh? Well, not to worry. Someone that can translate will be here shortly.
Paimon: Who?
Wriothesley: I believe you're already acquainted. He sometimes goes by "New Valet."
Paimon: ...Pfft!
Traveler: I know him. I know him very well.
Wriothesley: Thought so. See, I do have a knack for this. I understood who she was talking about right away...
Wriothesley: Not that it was hard to guess. Makes sense that a Melusine would know Neuvillette.
Wriothesley: Still, I've never met a Melusine who eats Tidalga, speaks in riddles, and even uses "Melusine" to express negation.
Paimon: Ah, well, about that...

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's a long story...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Once upon a time, in Enkanomiya...

Wriothesley: ...Where?
Neuvillette: *ahem*
Neuvillette: Sorry to keep everyone waiting. I trust I am not late?
Wriothesley: Ah, Neuvillette! Of course not. Whenever you deem fit to grace us with your presence is always the perfect time. Miss Pahsiv is waiting for you.
Pahsiv: New... Va... let!
Neuvillette: Take your time, finish your food. We'll talk afterwards.
Paimon: This looks just like a parent finding their lost child in the park...
Wriothesley: Heh, that's about right actually. He's only here because I broadcasted a missing person notice throughout all of Fontaine.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I see.

Option 2:

> Traveler: What a touching reunion.

Neuvillette: Heh... It seems we are in fine spirits today. These jokes are certainly imaginative.
Wriothesley: Seeing Pahsiv safe and well seems to have put you in good spirits too. She must be very important to you.
Neuvillette: Hmm...
Neuvillette: Since there are no outsiders here, I'll get right to the point.
Neuvillette: Despite appearances, she is quite different from other Melusines...
Black Screen Text: You listen to Neuvillette's explanation about what makes Pahsiv special (though you already knew)...
Wriothesley: That explains it. So that's why Pahsiv expresses herself in such a unique way.
Wriothesley: You see, this is why it's always worth striving to stay alive as long as possible.
Traveler: To gain more knowledge?
Wriothesley: To hear stories from those who have lived longer than you, about things you never knew.
Pahsiv: Pahsiv!
Wriothesley: It seems Miss Pahsiv agrees as well.
Neuvillette: Indeed. Thank you very much for taking care of her.
Wriothesley: My pleasure.
Wriothesley: And thanks to you all, I now have ample reason to give my friends at the Fontaine Research Institute a little task. I'm hoping they can add some ID verification functionality to our "Big Bright Lights."
Wriothesley: I mean, of all the ways to invite our friends of the Fortress to come and visit... This doesn't seem like the most sustainable long-term strategy.
Paimon: You're right. Even we get picked up from time to time while passing by...
Traveler: Can't wait to see what the inventors come up with.
Wriothesley: Don't get your hopes up... I'm just hoping I get to see it before I die.
Neuvillette: Until the process is complete, I shall inform the Melusines to avoid any such... "Big Bright Lights" when passing through. I shall do the same.
Wriothesley: Ah, um... Sounds good. I'm... sure you'll manage.
Neuvillette: Apologies for the inconvenience. In any case, I cannot stay long, so I shall take my leave together with Pahsiv.
Neuvillette: If there are other matters to discuss, let us meet above the surface.
Wriothesley: Understood.
Pahsiv: Pahsiv, come! Goodbye, Wrio!
Wriothesley: Bye-oh from Wrio. See you next time.
Wriothesley: (Oh dear, I forgot to have Neuvillette explain the Anglerfish metaphor to Pahsiv, and I didn't get to ask about Enkanomiya either.)
Wriothesley: (...Never mind, there's no rush. I'll write him a letter when I send the documents over.)