# Talk Dialog

Nefer: A base of Dandelion Wine — aged for 25 years — one-seventh part Bittersweet Liqueur, filled halfway with Fizzy Zaytun Peach Pop...

Yelan: All three of those ingredients are fairly sugary. It'll have a lovely sweet aftertaste, even a little too cloying...

Yelan: A spoonful of salt and half a spoon of powdered Summer Orchid Leaf should cut through the sweetness in a way that's clear but not overpowering.

Nefer: Hmm... I can imagine it now — a delightfully layered flavor.

Yelan: It's all down to the seasonings you sent me, Lady Nefer. Otherwise, I'd have no idea how to mix up a cocktail that so befits Nod-Krai.

Nefer: Just a little gift, I'm glad you liked it. I'll be happy to send more when you run out.

Yelan: Many thanks, though I think one taste is enough where these seasonings are concerned. Besides, you sent so much, I could hardly finish it by my lonesome.

Nefer: Can't say I'm surprised your colleagues at Liyue's Ministry of Civil Affairs aren't too keen. I wouldn't expect the flavors of Nod-Krai to be their cup of tea...

Nefer: Though from what I've seen, might I presume that we've won you over?

Yelan: I wouldn't go that far, though it's not like I dislike the food here. It's good to try new things occasionally.

Traveler: (Nefer and Yelan?)

Traveler: (Are they discussing something secret?)

Traveler: (I'd better steer clear. Just in case I end up causing trouble...)

Nefer: I love your attitude — you'd make a great businesswoman. It would be nice if everyone from the Ministry of Civil Affairs were like you.

Yelan: Come on now, are we going to do this song and dance every time I drop by?

Yelan: Stop fixating on the Ministry. Never mind them, have you managed to carve out a single foothold in Liyue after all these years?

Nefer: You know what they say over there: "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." If I don't test the waters, how will I ever know?

Yelan: Don't waste your energy. No matter how long those claws of yours are, you're never getting them stuck into Liyue.

Nefer: Is that a warning?

Yelan: It's advice.

Nefer: ...

Nefer: Pfff...

Nefer: Long claws, you say... I wouldn't think myself so formidable — there's barely a handful of people I have any influence over at all.

Nefer: I can only really think of one young girl who listens to what I say. But she's not the brightest, and I spend more time looking after her than getting any help.

Yelan: Oh, really? Then I guess that painter who fishes in Dihua Marsh, and that apprentice who makes Tofu in Qingce Village, and that guy who wants to work at Wanmin Restaurant...

Nefer: Many people pass through Liyue Harbor every day, far too many to count. How could I possibly know every last one of these enigmatic nobodies?

Nefer: Though I must say, your memory is quite impressive. Your colleagues must sleep easily knowing they have you to lean on.

Yelan: Why, thank you, though with you around, nothing is ever easy. I can only say that there's never a boring day.

Nefer: Is that so? Surely your workload has lightened now that you're far from the Ministry? If you've got time for another drink, I'd be more than happy to mix you one.

Nefer: Here's to a relaxing day for us both.

Yelan: And my colleagues aren't accustomed to these flavors, so I can't even share around. I'm afraid they'll end up sitting on a shelf, going to waste.

Yelan: All these people who mysteriously appeared in Liyue... I guess you have no idea who they are?