# Talk Dialog

Flins: ...

Traveler: Are you taking stock?

Traveler: It looks like quite a lot...

Flins: There is indeed quite a lot. After accounting for daily necessities and emergency supplies, there's still enough to set aside in case of sudden visits from my colleagues.

Flins: After all, my personal requirements are modest. It would be a waste not to save the excess and use it to help others in need.

Traveler: What did you get?

Flins: Lamp oil, candles, leather, paper, and pens. Oh, and a few bottles of strong liquor and some emergency food, of course.

Flins: Haha! Judging by your expression, I can tell you're wondering, "what emergency food did you buy, exactly."

Flins: These supplies need to stand the test of time, so all of this food has undergone "special" processing. I assure you, unless you're on the brink of starvation, you don't want to try it.

Flins: The cured meat, for example, is as tough as tree bark, and the biscuits taste like tossed-out newspaper.

Flins: Even if you soaked them in milk or vegetable soup, the best you could hope for is soggy newspaper.

Traveler: It sounds like you're speaking from experience...

Flins: Well... there are times when one has no other choice. I've tried to extract nutrients from this "food" before.

Traveler: I'm impressed you managed to eat it...

Flins: Ah... Well... "Eat" might not be the best word to use... I have a somewhat more efficient method.

Flins: Here, I'll show you.

Flins: I suppose you could call it "cooking with fire," hahaha.

Traveler: Oh...

Traveler: Wait a moment... How do you know what it tastes like, then?

Flins: There have been a few more... desperate moments, when I've been trapped alongside other poor souls.

Flins: You should know, if I were to use the method I've just shown you in front of my colleagues, it might leave them feeling uneasy.

Flins: And so... I have at such times been forced to... attempt to swallow this food, as they would.

Flins: Though try as I might, I really was unable to swallow it. In the end, I broke it down into smaller pieces — some of which I stuffed into my mouth, and some of which I dropped into my lantern when no one was looking...

Flins: Unfortunately, my colleagues noticed how slowly I was eating and mistook my reluctance for concern, believing I was eating less to allow them more.

Flins: After that, they patted me on the back and enthusiastically filled my arms with more cured meat and biscuits...

Traveler: Colleagues can be like that.

Flins: Indeed. I was grateful for their noble act of kindness and can clearly remember the taste of cured meat and biscuits to this day.