# Talk Dialog

Mika: This should just about do it...

Traveler: Mika? What brings you here?

Traveler: Are you out delivering letters again?

Mika: #Traveler? Hello, I didn't think I'd run into you here.

Mika: Um, right... I should've realized. Master Jean told me you'd be here, we just didn't know when you'd arrive.

Mika: I didn't expect to run into you as soon as I set foot in Nod-Krai!

Traveler: The Knights of Favonius knew I'd be coming?

Traveler: Did Grand Master Varka...

Mika: Yes! The Grand Master sent you a letter, didn't he? He also sent one back to Mondstadt, telling us all about how you were doing.

Mika: Of course, all the Knights back home are still figuring out how to support you, but the Grand Master wrote that we shouldn't be hasty, and that he already had everything in hand...

Traveler: Things were indeed in order. Don't worry.

Traveler: He even got me some amazing accommodations.

Mika: Yep, the Grand Master's always reliable when it comes to important business. So when he says he'll handle something, we know we can count on him.

Mika: But of course, if you run into any trouble, remember that the Knights will always be there to help you. Feel free to come look for us whenever.

Mika: After all, you're our Honorary Knight, a valued member of our order!

Mika: That's what Master Jean told me to tell you when I departed from Mondstadt.

Traveler: In that case, I'd like some apple cider.

Traveler: In that case, I'd like some Sweet Madame.

Mika: Huh? U—Um, give me a moment! I didn't bring any Sweet Madame with me, but I do happen to have a bottle of our best cider.

Mika: Captain Kaeya asked me to bring it along. He knew you'd miss it. Guess he was right!

Traveler: Kaeya thought of even that...

Traveler: I'd expect nothing less from his razor-sharp mind!

Mika: Oookay, I need a minute... I put it in my backpack and wrapped it in clothes...

Mika: Here it is! Go on, have a taste.

Traveler: You didn't bring some for the Grand Master?

Traveler: I heard he loves his liquor.

Mika: I did, of course! When I was leaving, the Grand Master specifically asked me to bring some bottles of our very best Dandelion Wine for him.

Mika: At first, Master Jean protested that my main objective on this long journey was to deliver letters to Nod-Krai, and she'd rather I not overload my luggage. She said someone else could transport it later...

Mika: But after giving it much thought, I packed two bottles of wine for the Grand Master anyway.

Mika: Otherwise, he'd be talking my ear off about how wonderful Dandelion Wine is while waiting for it to get delivered...

Mika: Oh, right! If you crave fresh Sweet Madames and steak, do come back and visit the Knights of Favonius' headquarters when you're free.

Mika: Hehe, that was what Amber wanted me to tell you.

Mika: And that's all the messages I have for you. I should get going. Farewell, Honorary Knight!