# Talk Dialog

Yanfei: Hmm...
Traveler: Yanfei! Long time no see.
Yanfei: #Well well, if it isn't Traveler. It's been a while for sure. Didn't expect to see you in Nod-Krai.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: So, what brings you here?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I don't suppose you're here to give someone legal assistance...
Yanfei: Hahaha, if only! Nod-Krai's even more lawless than I could've imagined.
Yanfei: How should I put it... Well, that's just it. This place is quite literally "a lawless land."
Yanfei: Even if I was hired to provide legal assistance, I suspect it'd all devolve into... everyone resorting to the "Final Defense Manifesto" to air their grievances.
Traveler: A "Final Defense Manifesto"...?
Yanfei: Ta-da. Here's your answer. The most direct method of self-defense.
Traveler: Oh, so that's why it's a mani-"fist"-o...
Yanfei: Haha, okay, enough of that. The reason I came to Nod-Krai is to gather material for the new legal guidebook I'm co-authoring with Shinobu.
Yanfei: The book's theme centers on the "borders of law," and one of its chapters is about what happens when law and order completely breaks down.
Yanfei: There's no way I'd be able to get an accurate picture of that back in Liyue, so here I am... this infamous land of lawlessness.
Yanfei: As soon as I stepped into Nod-Krai, I knew I was in the right place. It's not like the law here has "broken down." It's more like it never existed at all.
Yanfei: And unsurprisingly... I haven't run into a single person in my line of work. Being a legal consultant here is probably an easy way to starve.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Are you on your own?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: That seems dangerous...
Yanfei: Hey, don't worry. I've got adeptus blood, remember? Ordinary bandits can't even scratch me.
Yanfei: In fact, I'm kind of waiting for someone to come and accost me... Then I can drag them aside and interview them on how they survive in such a hostile place.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I didn't expect Madame Ping would agree to this...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I thought she'd give you something to defend yourself with...
Yanfei: Hmm? Ah... Ahaha! Yeah... You have no idea! I spent so long convincing her to let me leave, I'm sure my horns grew out a little...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Wait a moment.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Yanfei, you DID talk this through with Madame Ping, yes?
Yanfei: Why, yes! We talked it through! I... I definitely did...
Traveler: And she definitely said "yes," right?
Yanfei: Yes? Yeah, yes... Yeah! Granny just loves me to bits, you know, and we spoke for ages...
Yanfei: Anyway, I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got an appointment! With... uh, the "Curatorium of Secrets," that's it! So, without further ado, I'll be getting a move on!
Traveler: Yanfei!
Yanfei: See you! Bye!