# Talk Dialog

Kachina: First, keep smiling, and when clients arrive, remember to greet them...
Kachina: Then, introduce designs and colors to them based on their needs...
Kachina: *sigh*... Well, that's everything memorized. We should be fine now... right?
Kachina: Come on, Kachina. Mualani's put her trust in you, so you can't mess this up. You can do it! You totally can!
Traveler: Hi there, Kachina.
Kachina: #Ah! W—Welcome to "Leisurely Puffer" Water Sports Shop... Huh? Traveler, it's you!
Traveler: Why are you manning the store?
Kachina: Hehe, well, Mualani's gonna be leading tours over the next couple of days. She left to start prep work today, in fact.
Kachina: So that left the shop without staff. Now, she did say that closing it for a while would be okay...
Kachina: But since I happened to be free, I thought I'd do something for a friend. And I might open a cake shop someday, so getting some experience now couldn't hurt.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I'd say you reacted quickly and carried yourself well just now.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I believe in you too, Kachina!
Kachina: Aw... Thanks for the encouragement. Mualani said something similar before... I—I know I can do this!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Then I'll leave you to it.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Let's meet again once you get off work.
Kachina: Sure! See you later!
Kinich: ...
Ajaw: ...Aahhh, delicious. Hey, Kinich. What are you idling around for? Come forth and serve the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw some more Quenepa Berry juice at once!
Kinich: Busy right now.
Ajaw: Ba-loney! You're not doing a thing right now! Kachina will be fine — serving your lord drinks is a far more pressing issue.
Kinich: Not if there's none left.
Ajaw: What!? How could it have gone so fast!? I've barely had a few sips! Wasn't there a whole bottle? You drank some behind my back, didn't you, Kinich!?
Kinich: Not that there was any need.
Ajaw: Wh—Why you... you stubborn brat... Anyway! Hurry up and find that little rascal Mualani, and have her bring three more pitchers of juice as tribute to our eminent personage!
Ajaw: This was barely enough to wet our royal lips!
Kinich: Come on. Let's go say hello.
Kinich: #We meet again, Traveler.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Kinich? Ajaw?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Are you here to check on Kachina?
Kinich: Yeah, Mualani asked me to keep an eye on her while she minds the shop alone.
Ajaw: She asked both of us, you self-centered little... minion! The Almighty Dragonlord and his accomplishments shall not be overlooked!
Kinich: Then let all know that the mighty Ajaw spent all our advance payment before we could even finish the commission.
Traveler: A mighty deed indeed.
Ajaw: Kinich, you little...!
Kinich: ...Ah. It seems like our job is done. It's about time for us to—
Mualani: Eh? Leaving so soon? Not on my watch! Good thing I sped up my preparations and got back early. Juuust a little worried, you know?
Mualani: #But since we've run into each other, let's go grab some dinner together to celebrate Kachina's first time managing a shop solo! Traveler, you should join us too!
Mualani: Look, Kachina's spotted us! Oh, and by the way, there'll be lots of iced Quenepa Berry Juice at the dinner — my treat!
Ajaw: Ahem. Then I, K'uhul Ajaw, shall deign to accept this invitation.
Traveler: And so goes another lively day in Natlan.
Kinich: ...Let's go, then.
Mualani: Yay! Kachina, over here, over here~
Kachina: Coming, Mualani!