# Talk Dialog

Gaming: ...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Gaming? Isn't this a rather remote spot for a break?

Option 2:

> Traveler: You didn't get robbed, did you!?

Gaming: Oh? It's you!
Gaming: Haha! It really is as they say — watch who you mention in idle talk. Never know who might show up. I was just thinking that if you were here, at least there'd be someone here to eat with me.
Gaming: Thanks for the concern, but me? Get robbed on a delivery? I just finished one safe and sound. C'mon, we've known each other forever. Don't tell me you're doubting my skills now.
Traveler: So you're...
Gaming: Relax! Smell that aroma?
Traveler: Wow, it smells amazing! Are you whipping up something delicious?
Gaming: Hehe, you know it! You're in for a treat, it'll be ready in just a minute.
Gaming: The boss from my last delivery runs a farm up in the mountains. There was a happy accident today — he miscounted the supplies. So, he sent me home with the extras.
Gaming: That fowl is really dope, oh, I mean... It's super fresh, and the meat is top shelf.
Gaming: There's even spring water from the mountains on our way back. Right place, right time... and I had a feeling that the "right people" might show up for the trifecta.
Gaming: That's why I decided to make something that I recall as — "Golden-Tempered Jade"!
Traveler: Wait... Is it really "Golden-Tempered Jade"!?
Gaming: You've tried this dish before?
Traveler: Haha, not at all. The name's impressive, though!
Gaming: Haha, it's not just the name. The taste is out of this world!
Gaming: Actually, I learned this dish from Leong, a helper from back home. He and my mother were from the same town, and he said my mother used to love this dish.
Gaming: That said, I didn't follow his recipe exactly. Tweaked it to suit my own tastes, y'see.
Gaming: Brought the water to a boil, added a pinch of salt, then let the fresh fowl soak in it for a bit. Not for too long, though.
Gaming: Then I mentally recited, "Fullmoon Egg, Crystal Shrimp, and Honey Char Siu; Fine Tea, Full Moon, and a Bountiful Year too." Scooped it right out once done.
Gaming: I had to repeat that step three times before placing the fowl into mountain spring water infused with Mist Flowers.
Gaming: Hot and cold... Reminds you of a blacksmith tempering metal, huh?
Traveler: This is quite complicated...
Gaming: Haha, yeah, I think it's a bit of a hassle too, so sometimes I get lazy and skip a few steps...
Gaming: But this is a special occasion! Such dope fowl can't go to waste. You'll see in a moment.
Gaming: Anyway, we're currently at the final, trickiest step. That's when we drop the heat as low as we can go, and let the fowl poach slowly. All that's left after that is to have some patience...
Traveler: How long until it's ready?
Gaming: Now that we've said all this, the timing should be just right. Not too early, not too late. Now, don't blink—
Gaming: "Golden-Tempered Jade," ready to plate! See? When the surface shines like glazed glass, it means you got the heat just right. It looks amazing, and it tastes even better.
Gaming: C'mon, try some. See if you like it!
Gaming: If you do, I'll make it for you again next time!
Gaming: I don't really bother when I'm cooking for myself, but don't worry, I always follow the steps to the letter when I'm cooking for friends.