# Talk Dialog

Yanfei: #Traveler, ready to pack some snowballs and hurl them at the target?
Traveler: I'm ready if you are!
Yanfei: Then let's play!
Traveler: Are you having a good time in Mondstadt?
Yanfei: Of course! Every time I come, there's always something new! Like this time, I finally got to meet Amber!
Yanfei: I'd heard a lot about her from Eula before, and I'd love to make a new friend.
Yanfei: And the moment we met, I knew we'd get along really well!
Yanfei: Amber spent the day with me, taking photos, visiting places and landmarks, and even trying out the special gliding route in Brightcrown Canyon...
Yanfei: Yesterday, we camped out in the Stormbearer Mountains and caught some tender, fresh fish, and the tofu soup we made was absolutely delicious!
Yanfei: I have to thank Amber for that. After I told Eula in a letter about coming to Mondstadt, Amber also heard about the news.
Yanfei: She ordered some tofu that's hard to come by in Mondstadt from a merchant in advance, so when we went camping, the ingredients were as good as what you'd get at a restaurant!
Traveler: I wanna try that tofu fish soup...
Yanfei: That's easy! Next time, let's pick a day when Eula's not working overtime, and the four of us can go camping together! It'll be so much fun!
Traveler: And that kind of trip sounds fun too...
Traveler: How's your work been?
Yanfei: Everything's going great! I just wrapped up a mediation between merchants over tea resale profits. A classic case, didn't take too much effort.
Yanfei: Work finished up faster than I expected, so I even had time to visit the library with Yaoyao and pick out some new books.
Yanfei: The Knights of Favonius Library has a completely different vibe from the one in Ministry of Civil Affairs, or any of the bookstores back in Liyue.
Yanfei: I found the full set of "The Evolution of Laws in the Northern Continents" from my reading list, and with Amber's help, got all the paperwork done. I've got it checked out for a whole year!
Yanfei: Yaoyao found the books she was looking for as well! While chatting with the elegant librarian, she even made a new friend. What a fruitful day!
Yanfei: They're probably trying out that brand-new hide-and-seek game right now. I read the rules and found it very interesting. You should check it out!
Traveler: I'd like to head somewhere else first.
Yanfei: Sure. Remember to come by when you're free!