# Talk Dialog

"Mural Maniac": We're ready now. O great hero, do you wish to take the Saury-Saury Scout out on a test flight?
Traveler: Let's go!
"Mural Maniac": Here we go! I believe the rapport you've built with your Saurian companions will really help you when you're in command of the Saury-Saury Scout!
Traveler: Are you here for the contest, too?
"Mural Maniac": You're giving me too much credit! I'm not strong enough to compete! I just stopped by to pick up some materials and do some recruiting, that's all.
"Mural Maniac": Ever since you and the Pyro Archon — not to mention all those brave warriors — quelled the great crisis, the people of Natlan have been able to travel...
"Mural Maniac": Our Graffiti Alliance has been expanding and recruiting talented artists from all over the world!
"Mural Maniac": Graffiti is a form of expression. When it comes to specific styles, there are plenty of examples of people borrowing techniques from comic books. In fact, I've taken a few commissions drawing comics myself...
"Mural Maniac": Translating a highly dynamic scene from paper to a wall is quite an achievement.
"Mural Maniac": I'm really looking forward to seeing how the people of Mondstadt adapt their distinctive art style into graffiti and display it on the walls and mountains.
"Mural Maniac": Of course, the most important thing is that everyone only creates graffiti in the areas permitted by the administrators — they should never intentionally damage the local scenery!
Traveler: How did you end up working with Mika?
"Mural Maniac": I'm so lucky to have met such a professional knight!
"Mural Maniac": As the Graffiti Alliance's Guru-in-Chief, I registered with the Adventurers' Guild early on to make it easier to conduct surveys abroad.
"Mural Maniac": That way, when I'm scouting for suitable graffiti locations, I won't be arrested for looking suspicious.
"Mural Maniac": But the biting cold on Dragonspine and its monstrous residents didn't seem impressed by my membership — they nearly turned me into a permanent icy exhibit...
"Mural Maniac": Thankfully, Mika found me and led me to safety — otherwise, I might have been done for.
"Mural Maniac": Afterwards, it got me thinking — there must be plenty of adventurers who've been stuck in similar situations. Even Mika agreed that surveying the terrain can sometimes be too dangerous...
"Mural Maniac": So we tossed some ideas back and forth until we came up with the "Saury-Saury Scout."
"Mural Maniac": Hopefully, once we've collected enough data, the "Saury-Saury Scout" can go into mass production, helping more adventurers... and future Graffiti Alliance members!
Traveler: I'll come back later...
"Mural Maniac": Okay! We'll be waiting!