# Talk Dialog

Dehya: Hey! Ready to do some quality assurance on our test questions?
Traveler: More than ready!
Candace: Wonderful. Just don't forget to pace yourself.
Dehya: Yep. All you gotta do is defeat a certain number within the time limit. But, hey... leave some for the trainees, okay?
Traveler: I'm not in a rush. Up for a chat?
Dehya: Sure! Feels like it's been ages since we last saw each other.
Dehya: If we'd known you were coming, we would've prepared a whole welcome feast! All new recipes and everything!
Traveler: All new?
Dehya: It's a funny story, actually. The last time I was in Fontaine, I brought a few cook books and some spices back with me.
Dehya: Then, I gave them to Candace, and she went into full chef mode, coming up with all sorts of new things...
Dehya: Like... "Romaritime Flower Meat Jerky Mixed Rice." At first glance, it looks no different than the usual Aaru Mixed Rice...
Dehya: But then it hits your tongue, and... You get that delicious meat, the hearty rice, and this super refreshing aftertaste. All without being greasy!
Dehya: It's a great way to refuel, and it's not too dry. Honestly, perfect for camping out in the desert.
Candace: I'm not against improving traditional cuisine... within the bounds of reason, of course.
Candace: After all, every ingredient is precious out in the desert. Nothing must go to waste.
Dehya: Why didn't you accept that outfit from me, then? Fabrics are a valuable resource too.
Dehya: I mean, I know I'm pretty casual, and not the most "fashionable," I guess... But I had someone help me pick it out. I'm sure nothing was wrong with the fit.
Dehya: In the end, it went to the girl in our merc band who does the accounting. She seemed to appreciate it, at least.
Candace: I did appreciate it, Dehya. It was extremely thoughtful.
Candace: But as the Guardian of Aaru Village, my goal is to blend in, not stand out. Besides, fine clothes should go to people who have an occasion to wear them.
Candace: If your accountant is to represent the Blazing Beasts in business settings, she should have something to wear. That's why I recommended the clothes go to her.
Dehya: Oh! Why didn't you say so earlier? I thought you just didn't like what I picked out!
Candace: Well, seeing as the Blazing Beasts will be holing up in Aaru Village for the foreseeable future, if you still want to offer something as thanks...
Candace: You could bring us some bolts of cloth. I'm somewhat familiar with tailoring, and I could use them to fashion sand and dust-resistant cloaks for everyone.
Candace: The fabric doesn't need to be expensive, just resistant to wear and tear. I trust your judgment on that.
Traveler: You're a real pragmatist, Candace...
Candace: Don't worry. I'll think carefully about the shape and pattern when I make one for you.
Candace: Then all will know that you are an esteemed guest of our village.
Traveler: Ooh, so I'm getting one too!
Traveler: Thanks! No need to make it too complicated!
Dehya: Oh man, I'm getting kind of excited, ha...
Dehya: In that case, maybe I'll head to Liyue next. I've heard you can get some really nice fabric there without breaking the bank...
Dehya: Oh, and they've got a huge selection of silks as well, if that's what we're going for.
Dehya: But, they've also got security in spades, so no merc work for us. We'll just be tourists — polite, well-behaved travelers.
Dehya: Once we're done here, I'll make a plan with the rest of the Beasts.
Traveler: A cloak is perfect for this environment...
Traveler: Give me a bit, I'll be right back.
Dehya: No worries! We'll start once you're in peak form!
Candace: Feel free to get some rest if you need it. We have more than enough time.