# Talk Dialog

Amber: Hey there! Ready to go full speed ahead with Cuilein An-bot and Bar-drone Bunny?
Collei: Our two Scouting Buddies are tuned up and ready for testing!
Traveler: Let's get started!
Amber: Nice! Sure takes you back to the gliding test days, huh?
Traveler: Hope you're not juggling too many things, Collei.
Collei: Don't worry. I'm using this station as a temporary office for the Fieldwise Center as a whole.
Collei: But, it hasn't been too bad. Just a lot of data processing for our scout bots and some paperwork.
Amber: Oh, and we also give suggestions on how to modify the internal mechanisms!
Amber: When an investigation team comes along, we register them and check if emergency training is needed. Then, we take care of the departure procedures, allocate the required personnel and equipment...
Amber: And then, we monitor the situation with their camp provisions and touch base with the logistics staff.
Traveler: That's a lot to handle!
Collei: I don't mind. It's just temporary. The center hasn't been open for too long, so we're still working out the kinks.
Amber: Yeah! Plus, verifying travel qualifications and keeping an eye on logistics is nothing new for me!
Collei: And, the Akademiya is sending specialists to set up a formal administrative team soon. We just have to show them the ropes.
Collei: Some of them are here already. So, once that's set up, and the researchers submit their certifications, we can start delegating the work.
Amber: And then we can take a well-deserved break!
Traveler: Have you visited other places in Sumeru?
Amber: Haha, I asked Lisa and Kaeya for some recommendations before leaving, so I have a list!
Amber: Time's been a bit tight this trip, but Collei took me around Sumeru City, and we had tons of amazing food!
Amber: She's one busy gal, though. So, I didn't wanna drag her from place to place. It made more sense to spend time here helping her out!
Collei: I'm sorry, Amber...
Amber: For what, haha? I'm having a blast!
Amber: Seeing you take the reins, seeing your friends place their trust in you... even rely on you... It makes me so happy!
Amber: Traveling, relaxing... I can do that whenever. It's not like this is my last time here!
Amber: Besides, once we're done, there will still be more than enough time for sight-seeing!
Collei: Th—That makes me even more determined!
Collei: ...You don't need to worry about me, Amber! I've got this!
Traveler: They should pay you more.
Traveler: I think I'll come back later.
Amber: No rush! Whenever you're ready!
Collei: Yep, we'll be here!