# Talk Dialog

Turenna: It's been a while since we last met, Proto-Boss, but I feel like your eyes have gotten even sharper. I'm sure you can... snipe a target from over 1,000 paces away!
Traveler: Shouldn't a leader focus on... leading?
Turenna: Well, yes! All the better to use the wargame to try out every tactic in your book, right?
Turenna: But there are movie scenes where the hero sets their sights on the enemy leader, and with a "Boom, headshot!" drops both the boss and the enemy morale in one fell swoop... So cool!
Traveler: How's your marksmanship, Turenna?
Turenna: Reporting in, Proto-Boss! My half-body target record at a range of 200 paces is 9 out of 15 shots! Captain Chevreuse says I am... incredibly average!
Turenna: I've also noticed that the Patrol has recently been employing higher-caliber muskets to combat larger monsters. The bullets are heavy and have a longer effective range.
Turenna: It's a crying shame that we can't wield elemental energy like Captain Chevreuse, and have custom-made muskets rain down hellfire on our foes...
Turenna: In any case, when using the same amount of gunpowder for heavier bullets, they'll have a slower initial velocity and a more curved trajectory. At extreme distances, you may as well be tossing pebbles at your target.
Traveler: Sacrificing range for power...
Turenna: That's right. The human body can only handle so much recoil, so we can't just keep firing. Or the next "crack" we hear when we pull the trigger might be our own shoulder...
Turenna: If we optimize the shape of the bullet and minimize its air resistance, we could narrow the barrel of the musket, increase the shot's initial velocity, improve overall accuracy, AND give it a greater effective range!
Turenna: And, and, we could alter the materials used for the interior and exterior of every shell, switch up our rifling to maximize bullet spin, look into developing hollow point bullets to achieve maximum destructive power...
Traveler: You lost me at "rifling."
Turenna: Ah! Look at me going off on one again... I'm no engineer of the Fontaine Research Institute, and I don't know how to work the exact numbers. I'll just write this down and bring it to our gunsmith...
Turenna: Ahh... wouldn't it be nice to have the perfect musket — no recoil, perfect accuracy, easy-to-carry ammunition...
Traveler: Yeah! I understand exactly what you mean...!
Traveler: It'd be hard to hit targets that are far away...
Traveler: Wait here, I'll go give the wargame a shot.
Turenna: Of course! I'll be watching your strategic genius at work, and taking notes!