# Talk Dialog

Petit Lumiere: Are you ready to make a Flash Cut?

Traveler: Let's do it!

Petit Lumiere: Alright, the cameras are in position and our actors are also ready to go. All you have to do is to do your thing.

Traveler: As for your plans for the future...

Petit Lumiere: In my opinion, Flash Cuts is a creative format that hasn't quite achieved its ultimate state yet.

Petit Lumiere: At the risk of sounding a little self-aggrandizing, it is worth pointing out that both Ms. Melies and I are professional directors.

Petit Lumiere: From our approach to directing and shot composition to the use of special lighting effects, we both bring a particular perspective to the table. Therefore, the quality of our work naturally stands apart from that of the general public.

Petit Lumiere: However, I expect Flash Cuts to be something that everyone and anyone can create and appreciate. I foresee it to be a format that allows anyone to enjoy the appeal of making short films, regardless of when or where they are.

Petit Lumiere: Then, once we have sufficiently grown the public's appetite for Flash Cuts, the audience for traditional short films will also inevitably expand. Such a trend will, in turn, serve to elevate the industry as a whole.

Petit Lumiere: At least, I think so...

Petit Lumiere: Having said all that...

Petit Lumiere: We may have to devise more dynamic camera sequences so that we can formulate more templates for Flash Cuts.

Traveler: That all sounds like a lot...

Petit Lumiere: I apologize. I was just speaking off the top of my head. I wasn't trying to cause you any stress. Right now, all I wish is for the two of you to revel in the creative satisfaction of crafting Flash Cuts.

Traveler: About the Flash Cuts storyline...

Petit Lumiere: Just as you've noted, currently we don't really have a plot for Flash Cuts. This, admittedly, diverges from the conventional understanding of what a "film" is...

Petit Lumiere: As to how we can effectively have a storyline within the constraints of a Flash Cut, this is something I continue to investigate and explore.

Petit Lumiere: I'm not sure if you recall the first time we worked together. At that time, I suggested that you only need four shots to construct the smallest divisible unit of a story.

Petit Lumiere: And based on the experiment I just performed with Ms. Melies, I now believe that we can bring that number down to three.

Petit Lumiere: That is why all the scripts I've given you all ask for three shots or fewer.

Traveler: And how are the results so far?

Petit Lumiere: It remains a work in progress. As we don't have that many completed works at the moment, I have yet to come up with usable templates. As such, it'd be a great help if you could continue making more Flash Cuts.

Traveler: Give me a moment.

Petit Lumiere: That's not a problem. Making Flash Cuts is all about giving free rein to your heart after all. You may begin whenever you're ready.