# Talk Dialog

Paimon: It was so easy to get these rewards... Paimon wishes that the Adventurers' Guild's commissions were all as easy as this!
Taruka: #Mr. Traveler, are you adventurers?
Traveler: I have an Adventurer Handbook, but Paimon doesn't.
Paimon: #Hmph! Paimon can be an adventurer at heart without something like that, just like how she's just as skilled as Traveler at flying, license or no!
Paimon: Are you asking because you have a commission for us? Wait, don't tell Paimon yet — let her guess first. There's only one answer—
Paimon: #You must have seen how close {REALNAME[ID(2)|SHOWHOST(true)]} is to us, and you wanna ask us about our secret to getting along so well! Is Paimon right or is she right?
#{REALNAME[ID(2)|SHOWHOST(true)]}: Rawr! Raaaawr!
Taruka: Uh, not even close.
Paimon: Huh? But Lamizana said...
Taruka: He's the one with a problem. He's really good at winning people over. Even Oberon listens to him now that he fed him a bunch of Saurus Crackers.
Oberon: Crooo, Cooooo...
Taruka: Stop acting like you're the one who's been wronged. A top-notch Qucusaurus must follow a strict diet. What's more, you're the type who packs on the pounds easily.
Taruka: That guy must have an ulterior motive for fawning over my sister Lliwa time and again... I don't understand why she isn't wary of him at all. They even talk and laugh together!
Paimon: Huh? Sounds like he's a nice guy. Are you biased because you don't like him?
Taruka: No, there's more to it than that. He's been really secretive recently, and I don't know what he's been doing...
Traveler: Adults always have things to do.
Paimon: Yes, didn't he mention an air race? Maybe he's been busy organizing that?
Traveler: He mentioned an air race that was being organized...
Taruka: But he hasn't put all that much effort into this. All the prep and hard work's been done by Paran. The way he's running all over with Carrewoof this whole time, it's easy to tell who is doing the heavy lifting.
Taruka: I overheard something yesterday too! He was discussing dangerous stuff with some outsider on the sly. I didn't dare to get too close, so I didn't hear everything, but...
Taruka: I heard "Be on time on the day of the race," "Don't go too far," "lives," "I'll pay the other half after you succeed," and "We'll discuss the details at the north camp tomorrow night"...
Traveler: Why is it that you only heard the second half so clearly?
Taruka: It's all thanks to Oberon. He was particularly restless at that time and trying to go off to see Lamizana. In the end, I just couldn't stop him...
Oberon: Croooo!
Taruka: That's not praise, you ninny. Anyway, the other person left quickly after seeing me chasing Oberon. Lamizana also acted pretty unnaturally after that.
Taruka: He must have tried to pick a fight with me today because he was worried that he might be exposed. He just wants to give himself a good excuse to keep a close eye on me...
Paimon: Whoa. For a kid, you sure think about complicated things.
Taruka: I get it. You don't trust the words of a child either, right?
Taruka: #But that's exactly why I want to ask Mr. Traveler to investigate the north camp with me at night... Y'know, just in case he really is plotting something dangerous...
Taruka: #In which case, we've gotta put a stop to it! With him here as my witness, the others will definitely believe me... and Lliwa too!
Taruka: #Mr. Traveler, if you think all this is just a kid's overactive imagination, and don't want to go yourself, then at least help me deliver a message.
Taruka: I've written a short letter explaining the situation. If I don't come back by tomorrow, please deliver it to Lliwa. I'll also entrust Oberon to her care...
Paimon: Wait a minute! You're sounding more and more ominous. Things can't possibly be that serious, right... Hmm, wait, what if they are...
Paimon: #Traveler, why don't we investigate? Paimon's gonna have nightmares if something really does happen after we ignore this!
Taruka: You're willing to help me? Hooray! In that case, let's go together tonight...
Traveler: Just leave it to us. You should stay here.
Paimon: Yeah! More people aren't necessarily better in an investigation. You should stay here and wait for news from us. Paimon's an experienced adventurer too, y'know!
Taruka: Well... you do have a point. I'll stay here and take care of Oberon, then. I also need to persuade Lliwa to keep her distance from Lamizana...
Taruka: So I'm counting on you!