# Talk Dialog

Yumemizuki Mizuki: Mmm... I can feel the warmth of your emotions from how much you enjoyed the game. Heehee. I'm sure you'll have sweet, relaxing dreams tonight.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Do you also listen to fast-paced music, Mizuki?
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's a... classic line of questioning.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, I'll listen to whatever my friends recommend, even if it's not to my tastes. I wouldn't want to let them down, after all.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: I can enjoy lively music, but I prefer soothing, elegant tunes. I can't say I particularly care for instrumental variety or technical sophistication.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: As long as the melody is pleasing to the ears, even if it's a cappella or a slow solo, they won't feel bland to me. Rather, I find they exude a sense of beautiful serenity.
        Traveler: Same here.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well... next time you find yourself a free moment, how about I show you some of my favorites? I can brew some tea, prepare some snacks... And we can take our time enjoying them.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I want to see you give the game a try.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: I sure could... but that might be flouting the rules.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: As one of the designers, I know the ins and outs of every stage. It might be a little boring for you to watch.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Games work best with the element of surprise, and designers should think outside the box to create that. Becoming predictable is the mark of bad development.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course, drawing outside the box is your field of expertise.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: I do hope you can take part in game development and planning in the future. I'd love to play something you designed~
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Hope you rest well too, Mizuki.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Don't worry. Inviting you here makes this event a success in my book. I'm sure my sleep tonight will be thrice as restful as usual~
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Do you also listen to fast-paced music, Mizuki?
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's a... classic line of questioning.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, I'll listen to whatever my friends recommend, even if it's not to my tastes. I wouldn't want to let them down, after all.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: I can enjoy lively music, but I prefer soothing, elegant tunes. I can't say I particularly care for instrumental variety or technical sophistication.
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: As long as the melody is pleasing to the ears, even if it's a cappella or a slow solo, they won't feel bland to me. Rather, I find they exude a sense of beautiful serenity.
        Traveler: Maybe give some new styles a chance?
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Why not? With your tastes, I'm sure you can show me some hidden gems outside of my usual wheelhouse. If you've got a free moment, don't be shy, okay?