# Talk Dialog

Kachina: Ah, Barbara. I've been giving it some thought, and I think there are some moves we could improve on...
Kachina: Y'know, to help our Melusine friends go with the flow more easily, and help the little Saurians time their moves better.
Barbara: Oh, sure. Let's check some medical books later and see how we can improve the motions that weren't designed for Melusines or Saurians, shall we?
Barbara: I'm sure we can come up with some bubbly, interesting, and easy-to-learn dance steps, just like last time!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Kachina... and Barbara?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Well, if it isn't my apprentice... and Mondstadt's idol?

Paimon: Well, this is an unexpected combination!
Kachina: #Ah! Traveler, Paimon!
Kachina: I thought it'd take longer for the news to reach the Adventurers' Guild, and for them to reach you from there...
Kachina: But I'm glad that you're back so soon!
Kachina: It seems like couriers abroad are really efficient, huh?
Barbara: Hey there, Honorary Knight. You're finally here!
Barbara: If you'd arrived any later, the children would've finished listening to "Tumaini's Travels in Mondstadt."
Barbara: ...Albeit without all the fascinating things I'd need your consent to talk about.
Paimon: A—Ah, yeah... Like that whole bit with the Holy Lyre...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Looks like you're getting along just great here, hmm?
> Barbara: I'd say I have Miss Mualani's passionate invitation and Kachina's patient introductions to thank for that!
> Barbara: It's only been a few days at the Easybreeze Holiday Resort, but I'm feeling quite at home already.
> Paimon: Isn't it just? A lazy day on a summer beach... Feels just like the Golden Apple Archipelago, huh?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Good going, Kachina.
> Kachina: It's my pleasure! She's your old friend, and that makes her an honored guest here, too.
> Kachina: I didn't do all that much, if we're being honest...
> Kachina: But if you say I was a big help, then I'm glad I was!

Paimon: Speaking of which, this is a pretty huge get-together, isn't it?
Paimon: The venue was built just for this event, and we've got way more participants than last time — plus, they're from two extra countries!
Kachina: When we first started, Mualani only thought of inviting Miss Nilou and her friends from Sumeru, like last time.
Kachina: But various things happened, and new participants kept arriving...
Kachina: "Friends from Mondstadt" was something we thought might happen, but having Fontainians over sure was a pleasant surprise.
Kachina: Manaia, who's lived with the People of the Springs for many years now, has invited the Melusines from her hometown to be her guests.
Traveler: Hahah, behold, the surging tides of friendship.
Paimon: What do you mean, "surging"...
Paimon: Oh... Oh!
Paimon: You mean... That once you have enough friends, surprises like these come surging out from time to time?
Barbara: Heh... This is the first time I've danced in front of friends from all over Teyvat. It's been a real test of my skills.
Barbara: It's also been incredibly fun, though!
Barbara: I hope you'll enjoy this very special party too.
Barbara: Some of the Melusines' and Saurians' movements were designed by Kachina and me.
Kachina: Well, you're the one who put in the most work... You even pointed out all those, uh... profound anatomy details!
Barbara: Oh, don't be so modest, Kachina. I still have a lot to learn from you when it comes to more intense dance moves.
Barbara: Well, if you think "Dance Event Choreographer" stands out a bit too much, or sounds a bit too load-bearing for the event's success...
Barbara: Let's be "Move and Groove Consultants" instead, shall we?