# Talk Dialog

Mualani: Nilou, Nilou, look, the dessert this time is a sweet-sour berry roll based on Mondstadt's Apple Roly Poly, but with Quenepa Berry juice instead!
Mualani: You know, I've always thought that the sweetness of apples and that of Quenepa Berries would go together. Great opportunity to try it out, don't you think?
Mualani: It's also got Smetana from Nod-Krai in it. That should give it a unique texture!
Nilou: Nod-Krai?
Nilou: Miss Dori mentioned that many dishes from there have both some Snezhnayan flavor and their own distinctive touches...
Nilou: And at her store, premium Smetana costs 150,000 Mora a jar.
Mualani: Oh, Barbara brought the stuff. The Knights of Favonius in her hometown imported tons of ingredients from Nod-Krai, some of which I'd forgotten to buy previously.
Mualani: But 150,000 Mora a jar seems a bit pricey... How many watersports supplies could we purchase with that, I wonder?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Is that delicious food we're discussing?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Save some for me!

Paimon: One serving over here, too, please!
Mualani: Oh, sure... Whuh!?
Nilou: #Traveler! Paimon! When did the two of you arrive?

Option 1:

> Traveler: About when you'd started talking about food.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Around the time when Smetana was brought up.

Paimon: That feels like it should be Paimon's line... Eh, whatever. You get to have it this time!
Mualani: Alright, then. The Captain of the Guard and Patissiere Extraordinaire will be with you shortly, brand new dish in hand!
Paimon: Sorry, what "Captain of the Guard"?
Paimon: Err... Oh, wait. This is something we were discussing previously...

Option 1:

> Traveler: And Nilou was the "Girl Next Door."

Option 2:

> Traveler: And Nilou was the "Magic Teacher."

Paimon: Yeah! Paimon remembers Mualani calling Nilou the "Friendly Magic Teacher Next Door."
Paimon: She uses her own gentle way to break down deep truths so they click for everyone!
Nilou: In that case, I suppose I'll try to play this role in earnest this time...
Nilou: A guest by the name of Sedile asked me some questions about dance music — for instance, about how to dance along when you hear a new song.
Nilou: In other words, how to "improvise" in music and dance.
Nilou: To me, this is almost a matter of instinct. I can just... find the right rhythm and a suitable style when I move.
Nilou: But I'm still not so sure how to teach those who might have no experience at all.
Mualani: Aw, don't worry too much about it, Nilou. Think about it this way—
Mualani: It's not entirely wrong to call Melusines fairies of the nation of Hydro, right?
Mualani: And fairies are really smart cookies, aren't they?
Mualani: #And now that our lead dancer, Traveler, has arrived, Miss Sedile and the Melusines can just follow his lead. They'll be fine!
Mualani: They'll pick the other basic dance moves up, easy-peasy!
Nilou: #That's true... Last time, Traveler, you used subtle guidance to get them to execute the right rhythms.
Nilou: I believe you can do the same for the Melusines.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Heh, just watch me.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Call me the Master Melusine Mentor!

Paimon: Paimon wants to learn, too! If the dances aren't too hard...