# Talk Dialog

Nilou: ...That's why we have a little spice-flavored bean paste before eating desserts. It completely changes the taste experience.
Nilou: For example, Rose Custard, even the kind with sugar content reduced to one-third, will taste just as sweet as before, while its floral fragrance is intensified.
Barbara: Huh. The medical texts that Miss Glenfidia brought back from Nod-Krai also mentioned this...
Barbara: "Tiny amounts of spicy ingredients can activate one's sense of taste in various ways, enhancing the effects that seasonings have."
Barbara: Fontainian research also suggests that ingesting the right amounts of spicy ingredients can revitalize the body and quickly burn off extra energy.
Barbara: Hmm, in that case, those spicy appetizers that I brought...
Nilou: You can cut each small dried fish into two to three pieces — the perfect size for low-sugar desserts.
Paimon: Ooh, looks like you're getting on just great, you two!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Was it the topic of cooking that kicked this off?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Well, I guess that's one way of solving the issue.

Nilou: Actually, we started out by talking about our common troubles.
Nilou: Tahchin's delicious, but its flavor is almost intoxicating... By the time you realize something's gone wrong, you've got several empty plates sitting in front of you.
Barbara: Recently, the portions they serve at Good Hunter have gotten much bigger, and every meal is enough to leave the Knights fully satisfied. But for a member of the Church like myself...
Nilou: Mmhmm.
Barbara: Ahem...
Paimon: W—Wait. What is this about?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Something I occasionally worry about, too.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Nothing that would ever give you trouble, Paimon.

Mualani: Haha! Perfect timing!
Mualani: And here I was hoping to butt in and say, "We'll work on losing weight starting tomorrow." Y'know, to stop the consensus from forming...
Mualani: I'd already reduced the sugar and cream content in the cakes, and drawn up a healthy morning exercise plan for the next few days...
Mualani: I didn't expect that you'd already found your own ways around the problem. Hah, genius!
Mualani: In that case, let's use Nilou's trick and Barbara's dried fish to have ourselves a zero-regrets-included dinner!
Paimon: D—Did you prepare all this for us?
Kachina: I've also got a plate of Volcano Cake for you and Paimon! I looked up the latest recipes and adjusted the ingredients...
Kachina: ...I hope it's to your tastes!
Paimon: Cake hand-baked by Kachina...
Paimon: P—Paimon will take her time savoring this for sure!
Paimon: Actually, wait a minute! Do you have some sorta gadget we can use to keep a small piece as a souvenir?
Kachina: Oh, you can finish it all! If you'd like another one, I can make it for you, easy!

Option 1:

> Traveler: If you say so, I'm tucking in.

Option 2:

> Traveler: In that case, I'll savor this.

Kachina: Alright! I've also prepared some drinks. Remember to cut it into smaller pieces so you don't choke...
Barbara: Hmm. I forget. How many dinners have we had together at this point?
Nilou: I wonder. Our time together has passed slowly, yet so quickly. A fulfilling time that has passed like a dream...
Mualani: Hey now! I've said it before and I'll say it again—
Mualani: "Happiness isn't short-lived if we make happy gatherings a regular thing!"
Mualani: This is the happiest time of our lives, and there'll be more such moments to come!
Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_CONSEQUENT_NEED_CLICK_BLACK_SCREEN): You enjoy a feast with your friends. The relaxing gathering seems to have left you in a great mood, and with the abundance of exercise you've been doing while leading dances, the flavor of every dish is made impeccable...
Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_CONSEQUENT_NEED_CLICK_BLACK_SCREEN): This goes double for Kachina's cake. The magic they call "hard work" has imparted not only sweetness, but also an immense sense of ease upon those who eat it.
Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_CONSEQUENT_NEED_CLICK_BLACK_SCREEN): Everyone makes a promise:
"When Kachina's cake shop opens, we'll bring the best gifts to the opening ceremony!"