# Talk Dialog

Unknown Role (None): #Heyoo! How does it feel to lead everyone in dance, Traveler? Were you surprised to see your Sumeru friends here among the People of the Springs?

Unknown Role (None): Dancing makes me feel good!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, glad to hear that!

Unknown Role (None): With this wonderful start, we've become fast friends and allies with The Eremites' Blazing Beasts!

Unknown Role (None): I hope we can have exchanges like this regularly. It'd be so wonderful for everyone to come together and dance freely, without a care in the world.

Unknown Role (None): It'd be like, like... a monthly get-together among friends! Nothing too fancy or formal. Just relaxed, spontaneous, and fun!

Unknown Role (None): Who knows, maybe it won't be long before we come up with a Natlan-Sumeru fusion dance style that blends the passion of our rolling plains with the wild energy of Sumeru's desert...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, oh, that might be a bit intense. Maybe that's better suited for a war-dance instead?

Unknown Role (None): Then... how about "the warm steam of the hot springs, mingled with the rich, complex scent of flowers from the rainforest... a sensation both dynamic and elegant"?

Unknown Role (None): I'm all for everyone getting together and learning from each other!

Unknown Role (None): Let's invite more friends next time!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, actually, I did also invite Kachina to join us this time.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, she's busy "honing some sort of new skill in private." She also mentioned she's preparing some kind of gift for the two of you...

Unknown Role (None): Also, shh! Don't tell her I told you that! This stays between us, 'kay?

Unknown Role (None): You'll find out what that mystery gift is the next time you see her!

Unknown Role (None): As for future dance exchanges, you can count on me. They're gonna be a blast!

Unknown Role (None): Surprise, Nilou!

Unknown Role (None): Hoho! I didn't know you knew such an amazing dancer. You should've introduced us sooner!

Unknown Role (None): Watching Nilou dance has opened my eyes to a whole new world...

Unknown Role (None): Dance as I knew it was mostly as a way to let all my energy out.

Unknown Role (None): It'd give me a powerful energy boost, lift my mood, and also prepare my body for other forms of physical activity, even combat.

Unknown Role (None): It was only after watching Nilou dance that I realized how even slow movements and gentle music can touch the heart so deeply.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not sure how to put it in words... It was like she was wrapped in that glow you see along the edge of the Spiritway. All I could say was "Beautiful," and "I want to see you do that again"...

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, if Nilou danced all day, I'd sit down and watch her the whole time!

Unknown Role (None): Ha! But I kid! I wouldn't want to tire her out like that!

Unknown Role (None): You should meet my other friends too!

Unknown Role (None): I count all kinds of experts and pros among them!

Unknown Role (None): Why, are you trying to entice me into following you around all the time?

Unknown Role (None): But as tempting as it sounds... I know better than to trouble you like that!

Unknown Role (None): So, whenever you're ready, just call me, or swing by People of the Springs with your friends. I'd love to meet them!

Unknown Role (None): Awesome! That sounds like all kinds of fun!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Then be sure to bring your dance-loving friends around more, y'hear?