# Talk Dialog

Nusta: #Looking good there, Traveler! Now, we have several dance groups here and all kinds of stages set up, so you can dance till you drop if you like!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Then let's get started!
        Nusta: Woohoo! Alright, dancers on your marks! Music, stand by... Take the stage, coach!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Nusta, could I have a quick word with you first? Nothing too serious.
        Nusta: Sure! We can chat as long as you like. Just, ah, hold on a sec...
        Nusta: Mmm, I'm good, just a lil' tipsy! So, what do you want to talk about, dear hero?
        Traveler: Did you enjoy your trip to Sumeru?
        Nusta: Haha, of course! I couldn't be happier! Besides that little Wenut incident, we also encountered so many fascinating people and things—
        Nusta: A team of four chefs hailing from different nations, shuttling between Sumeru and Fontaine, rustling up amazing dishes no matter the ingredients that land in their laps...
        Nusta: A beast tamer returning from the far desert with her Fungus companions, her ladylike demeanor strikingly juxtaposed against her Eremite dress...
        Nusta: Not to mention the female mercenary with the pretty pigtails, an expert with her twin blades who loves dancing around the bonfire at night...
        Nusta: I have to say, it doesn't feel right having you stand here chatting with me without a drink or some snacks in hand.
        Nusta: How about I buy you a nice meal when you have some time? Then we can chat as we eat!
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Let's exchange some pointers about dance in a bit!
        Nusta: Of course! Nothing beats dancing with everyone after I've had my fill at the dinner table!
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Nusta, could I have a quick word with you first? Nothing too serious.
        Nusta: Sure! We can chat as long as you like. Just, ah, hold on a sec...
        Nusta: Mmm, I'm good, just a lil' tipsy! So, what do you want to talk about, dear hero?
        Traveler: How are your people doing these days?
        Nusta: Whoa! First, I must thank you for your concern on their behalf.
        Nusta: Two of the four were injured in battle, but it's nothing serious. They've just about recovered at this point.
        Nusta: If anything, they're all bursting with energy right now. How about we go and get some practice in with them sometime?
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Nusta, could I have a quick word with you first? Nothing too serious.
        Nusta: Sure! We can chat as long as you like. Just, ah, hold on a sec...
        Nusta: Mmm, I'm good, just a lil' tipsy! So, what do you want to talk about, dear hero?
        Traveler: So, what's next for you?
        Nusta: Mmm... besides coaching boxing and dance, I think I'd like to try my hand at playing in a band too.
        Nusta: Master Iansan taught me a lot about drumming when the Collective of Plenty came to help our tribe. I'm really digging it!
        Nusta: I did see you and her from a distance while at the Easybreeze Resort... That's right, I should say that I saw the Pyro Archon's band in action.
        Nusta: Once I get good enough at the drums, I'll play for you! Whatever song you call, I'll do my best to make it perfect!