# Talk Dialog

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect to run into you again so soon after our last meeting. Certainly not in a different nation... Hehe, you have no idea how at ease and happy that makes me feel!

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad to see you too.

Unknown Role (None): It was definitely the right decision to come on this trip...

Unknown Role (None): It happened just after Lesser Lord Kusanali had left the Zubayr Theater. That was when Miss Taraneh came to us with a cart full of gifts and explained the details of this dance exchange event.

Unknown Role (None): I was a bit worried about coming to Natlan since I had heard the locals are passionate about their battle techniques. I wasn't sure if I'd run into really scary, aggressive people here.

Unknown Role (None): But I was pleasantly surprised by what I discovered here. It turns out that the people here in Natlan aren't obsessed with battle or fanatics or anything like that. They're just people who train with vigor and are always pushing themselves to become better.

Unknown Role (None): In particular, I found Miss Nusta's group to be full of energy and joy. Thanks to them, I've made several adorable saurian friends!

Unknown Role (None): Every tribe's saurians have their own charms. They all have these beautiful colors and such soft, gentle voices. When I spend time with them, the whole day just slips by before I know it...

Unknown Role (None): Which type of saurian do you like best, Nilou?

Unknown Role (None): They're all so adorable. I don't really have a "favorite" to speak of at this time...

Unknown Role (None): The Yumkasaurus and Iktomisaurus were so drawn to the Sumeru Rose scent from the face powder I use that they kept circling me the first time we met.

Unknown Role (None): Surprisingly, the Tatankasaurus and Qucusaurus took a liking to the Candied Ajilenakh Nuts we brought. They'd eat their fill, then fall asleep by our bonfire. Sometimes, I could even hear them snoring faintly.

Unknown Role (None): The Koholasauruses are all so well-behaved and listen to Mualani. Some of them even make sure to wash their little feet before they help Miss Taraneh and the others with the laundry...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, there's also a Tepetlisaurus that seems really interested in dance rhythms. I hear that she's a regular performer over at the Children of Echoes.

Unknown Role (None): Hopefully that saurian will be able to fully master the fundamentals of dance with your coaching.

Unknown Role (None): I've got confidence!

Unknown Role (None): I'll give it my best shot!

Unknown Role (None): Go for it! But please make sure to conserve your energy. It's best to just relax and have fun instead of exhausting yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Did you have fun with Mualani?

Unknown Role (None): Mmhmm! It feels like... I was able to unleash all of myself? That was amazing...

Unknown Role (None): I'm meeting Mualani for the first time, but incredibly, she doesn't feel like a stranger at all... Everything feels so natural and easy with her.

Unknown Role (None): Miss Taraneh even says that when we talk to each other, it's like we're two long-lost sisters.

Unknown Role (None): I might be exaggerating a bit, but it wouldn't be far off to say we're getting along like childhood friends.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, I feel a bit uneasy when I come across things that are completely unfamiliar to me here in Natlan.

Unknown Role (None): For example, when I first started interacting with the adult saurians, I'd subconsciously slow my breathing and watch them closely for any signs of hostility...

Unknown Role (None): But with Mualani's help, I started to build up the courage to interact with the saurians and ease into the local activities. Little by little, I began to enjoy things the way my friends in Natlan do.

Unknown Role (None): Her willingness to try new things, and the way she actively seeks out different things that give her joy... She's really such an inspiration to me.

Unknown Role (None): It feels like I'm basking in the afternoon sun, with both my body and mind wrapped in a gentle warmth...

Unknown Role (None): If I have any questions about dancing, I'll be coming to you for help!

Unknown Role (None): Sure! I'll be here waiting for you during this time.