# Talk Dialog

Unknown Role (None): Nilou! Nilou! Come try this!

Unknown Role (None): I shaped the samosas the way you like it, and placed them into a broth made with greenwave sunfish, sprayfeather gill, and pepper...

Unknown Role (None): After letting them simmer for half an hour, I then dried the samosas on low heat... It tastes totally different now, doesn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Mmm... hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Mmm! Amazing, it's like... I'm tasting waves and waves coming in... There's an additional pep to the clear, clean taste of the dish!

Unknown Role (None): The crunchiness of the samosa makes the savory meat filling burst with every bite, weaving a rhythm filled with joy...

Unknown Role (None): Just one bite, and many lively, cheerful melodies for the lyre are coming to mind already!

Unknown Role (None): Heh. As soon as Nusta showed me the recipe, I just knew a snack like this would work perfectly with the seafood we have here in Natlan.

Unknown Role (None): And it's quite a substantive snack, which makes it a great pick-me-up for after dance practices.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's get cracking on a few more snacks for our dancers...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, Paimon can't stand listening to this anymore... she wants some of that so bad!

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm? Is that Traveler and Paimon I see? You two are finally here!

Unknown Role (None): #Awesome! Our distinguished guests Traveler and Paimon have arrived!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we got here a little late...

Unknown Role (None): Did we miss a memo or something...?

Unknown Role (None): Mmhmm! Nilou and I have been getting to know each other all day. If you came this morning, you could've joined me in taking her on a tour of the People of the Springs!

Unknown Role (None): Ah! I can't believe that my trusted partner, the hero of all Natlan, someone just as important as the host, has failed to properly welcome our distinguished guests who've come such a long way...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! You ought to be punished for that!

Unknown Role (None): P—P—Punished...? How?

Unknown Role (None): Your punishment is to stick with Nilou and I for the rest of the day and eat our attempts at Natlan-Sumeru fusion food until you drop!

Unknown Role (None): And when night comes, if Nilou's too excited to fall asleep, you'll have to tell her sweet bedtime stories until she drifts off to dreamland...

Unknown Role (None): Phew... That does sound like a Mualani-style "punishment," that's for sure!

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon's sure we could take double or triple that. Isn't that right, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, ma'am! Your wish is my command!

Unknown Role (None): I'll be sure to have the best bedtime stories on hand!

Unknown Role (None): #Ahahaha! I like your commitment to the bit, Traveler! You must be in a good mood, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, in that case, I don't think I'll be able to sleep at all...

Unknown Role (None): #Wait, I mean... You're Traveler's superior amongst the tribal warriors, Mualani...?

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Of course not! We're just kidding! I'm just mimicking the serious way Amina speaks!

Unknown Role (None): #I mean, if we're going by experience and battlefield achievements, I should be Traveler's subordinate instead...

Unknown Role (None): #Or, to use a recently trending light novel trope, I'd be Traveler's "Captain of the Guard"...

Unknown Role (None): "Captain of the Guard"? That's quite an impressive title...

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh. So much so that "Advisor" kinda pales in comparison...

Unknown Role (None): Well, according to Miss Sole of the Deep's "A Brief Overview of Light Novel Tropes," apart from the role of advisor, you'd also be considered a "Lucky Star," Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): #In other words, you bring Traveler luck with Mora even when you do nothing at all!

Unknown Role (None): Heh heh, Paimon's a fan of this role for sure! Zero fights, but lotsa influence!

Unknown Role (None): And if we are to stick to that pattern, then you'd be our "Friendly Magic Teacher Next Door," Nilou...

Unknown Role (None): I mean, we're about the same age, but you're incredibly knowledgeable. And you have this gentle, subtle way of making profound ideas easy for everyone to understand.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Shouldn't I be... some kind of a "Helper Who Bestows Blessings" instead?

Unknown Role (None): Besides, I don't really know anything profound...

Unknown Role (None): That's what you call being a natural talent!

Unknown Role (None): All you did was to perform a simple little dance in front of the saurians, and several of them have already learned how to keep to the beat.

Unknown Role (None): The other warriors also caught on to the basic steps pretty quickly after your explanation.

Unknown Role (None): #I'm sure that everyone will truly discover the joy of dancing once they nail the rhythm part under Traveler's guidance!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon will soon see how quickly our dancers have made progress thanks to you working your magic!

Unknown Role (None): I appreciate the kind words, but you're giving me too much credit...

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'm a believer in Nilou's magic!

Unknown Role (None): And I'll come in with the perfect finale!

Unknown Role (None): #Great! So don't worry, Traveler and Paimon. Just let your hair down at our first-ever Dance Exchange! Feel free to show everyone your passion!