# Talk Dialog

Blue Bolt: #Want to chat for a bit, Traveler? Or are you just bursting with inspiration to command the guard unit in a few more trial runs?

Traveler: About Sproutie...

Blue Bolt: Sproutie's really adorable, isn't it? It's also my trusty partner — Miss Yelan was the one who gave it to me!

Blue Bolt: There's one thing I still don't quite get, though. Just how did this... incredible weasel that lives underground in Liyue... come to follow Miss Yelan, and become so obedient to her to boot?

Blue Bolt: But now, Sproutie and I have developed a strong mutual understanding too. I dare say we can read each other's minds, even!

Blue Bolt: When I was in Natlan, my Yumkasaurus companion also got along really well with Sproutie.

Blue Bolt: If you're ever back in Natlan, you're welcome to come by my stall over there anytime!

Traveler: About Yelan...

Blue Bolt: About Miss Yelan?

Blue Bolt: I delivered several big orders for her not too long ago. I had to take a huge detour to avoid multiple threats just to get some important samples to Liyue.

Blue Bolt: Looking back, it was also during a detour I took to avoid my nemeses that I caught Miss Yelan's eye.

Traveler: Your nemeses?

Traveler: A detour?

Blue Bolt: Yeah... Alright, my bad. "Nemeses" might be a bit of an exaggeration, to be fair.

Blue Bolt: Back in my younger, brasher days, I didn't play by the rules and kept snatching up orders, so the whole industry ended up blacklisting me. I had all this talent for high-speed delivery, but absolutely nowhere to use it.

Blue Bolt: To keep a low profile, whenever I had to make a run from Teticpac Peak to the Flower-Feather Clan, I'd choose to take the longer route via the Sulfurous Veins.

Blue Bolt: This became a habit of mine. As it turns out, it was exactly what Miss Yelan needed. I managed to build a new branch of business for her in foreign lands, quite by accident too.

Blue Bolt: This is why I'll always remember the encouraging words Miss Yelan once said to me...

Blue Bolt: Sometimes, the twists and turns of life lead you to opportunities you wouldn't have had otherwise. So never lose your zest for life, no matter what!

Traveler: That's a lot of fire and passion in those words.

Traveler: I never thought Yelan would encourage people like this!

Blue Bolt: Heh heh, Miss Yelan didn't exactly say all that, of course. That's just me paraphrasing her... with more emotional and creative color!

Blue Bolt: As you both know, Miss Yelan is always oh-so-mysterious. She comes and goes like a ghost, and always speaks so coolly that she might as well be a tall glass of iced water.

Blue Bolt: She said I should go apologize and make amends with the old-timers whose toes I'd stepped on. I think so, too.

Blue Bolt: Now, I'm in a much better headspace than I used to be. Once I finish delivering this order, I'll do exactly as she said!

Traveler: About the Whiz-Kid Mechanic...

Blue Bolt: Ah, the Master... Hats off to her!

Blue Bolt: I've managed to build up a pretty good network of connections here, thanks to a bunch of helpful tips from Miss Yelan. It was through that network that I was slowly introduced to the Whiz-Kid.

Blue Bolt: Once she was sure I didn't have any... twisted ideas about using her gadgets to hurt innocent people, she finally agreed to my request.

Blue Bolt: Also, they make the best krumkake at the craftshop!

Blue Bolt: I bet that if one day she decides to open up a krumkake store in Natlan, she'll become the next big star in the food and beverage business!

Traveler: Let's chat again later!

Blue Bolt: See you!