# Talk Dialog

Unknown Role (None): Here this "Motorized Autonomous Fonta Vending Machine: Modified" silently sits. To all appearances, it would seem no different from any other Fonta Vending Machine.

Unknown Role (None): However, your instincts tell you that things are not quite that simple...

Unknown Role (None): Use the machine...

Unknown Role (None): Common logic would dictate that one must insert Mora equivalent to the price of at least one bottle of Fonta in order to operate it, nor will the machine provide change should you insert too much.

Unknown Role (None): But as we are within the Realm Within, then according to Tubby, the materials used by this machine to produce Fonta are all from adeptal energy.

Unknown Role (None): So, you can use this Fonta Vending Machine for free...

Unknown Role (None): Refreshing Fonta!

Unknown Role (None): Gears grind and components collide! As the gas and liquid being blended at high speeds within causes the machine to tremble and quiver, it lets out a soft rumble, as though cheering in celebration.

Unknown Role (None): Not long after, a bottle of "Fonta: Classic" appears in the vending machine's product dispenser.

Unknown Role (None): You polish off the entire bottle in a single great swig, and experience the unique sweetness of Fonta with a fleeting sense of satisfaction, but it seems as if something is not quite right.

Unknown Role (None): Unlike Tubby's meticulously brewed tea, the aftertaste of the Fonta seems to disappear quite quickly.

Unknown Role (None): Is it because all the ingredients used by the machine are simulated by adeptal energy? It is as though you drank something, yet didn't...

Unknown Role (None): Or perhaps if you give Tubby more actual bottles of Fonta, and allow her to sample more of this exotic drink, she will be able to use adeptal energy to create a more authentic reproduction.

Unknown Role (None): Forget it...

Unknown Role (None): The machine produces a sighing rumble, as though asking you "Is this really tolerable?"

Unknown Role (None): But the machine cannot jump up and pour a bottle of Fonta down your throat all on its own.

Unknown Role (None): So not long after, the machine calms, its agitated motion ceasing, and it enters a sullen silence.

Unknown Role (None): Listen to the machine...

Unknown Role (None): You gently press your ear to the side of the machine, and hear only the clamor of the internal machinery operating ceaselessly, but it seems as though something is amiss...

Unknown Role (None): Listening even more carefully, your ears discern amongst the noise what seems to be an instrument of Liyue sowing discord among the harmony with low tones and dissonant melodies.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps Tubby set up a mechanism to play music in order to cover up the noise of the machine, but the mechanism was damaged...

Unknown Role (None): Or perhaps, this machine originally never made noise when operating?

Unknown Role (None): Provoke the machine...

Unknown Role (None): The Fonta Vending Machine completely ignores your provocations.

Unknown Role (None): Because it is only a Fonta Vending Machine, and does not have the same detection systems as Gardemeks installed, it lacks "eyes" with which to see the world it inhabits.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, it also lacks a "brain" with which to process information, so even if it had seen what you did, it would not have been angry.

Unknown Role (None): Though, if you think about it, perhaps if it did have "ears" and a "brain," then might it not develop affection towards some customers, and give them a discount?

Unknown Role (None): But a discount here would be meaningless. After all, this machine has an obligation to provide you with free drinks.

Unknown Role (None): On the off chance a Fonta vending machine with "eyes" and a "brain" slipped out, and Fonta was released into the wider realm, causing all the animals within the Realm Within to become addicted to the drink...

Unknown Role (None): Sweet drinks are harmful to the health of many animals, and they would not be able to operate the machine themselves... Fights would break out between the animals over the limited amount of Fonta, and it would cause quite a headache.

Unknown Role (None): From this perspective, it is probably a good thing that this machine did not respond to your provocations...

Unknown Role (None): Thrash the machine...

Unknown Role (None): The Fonta Vending Machine has done nothing wrong, but when faced with this large, rectangular, steel-skinned machine, you seem to remember a rumor oft whispered in the streets and alleys of Fontaine—

Unknown Role (None): "If a machine malfunctions, just whack it a couple of times, it always works wonders!"

Unknown Role (None): So, when a machine hasn't malfunctioned, if you whack it a few times, then perhaps the effect will be even more spectacular?

Unknown Role (None): Armed with this ironclad logic, you pack just the perfect amount of power into a punch and give the machine a good thrashing.

Unknown Role (None): Unexpectedly, a bottle of "Fonta: Classic" appears in the product dispenser. It seems to be no different from that which is produced when using the machine normally...

Unknown Role (None): Refreshing Fonta!

Unknown Role (None): You polish off the entire bottle in a single great swig, and experience the unique sweetness of Fonta with a fleeting sense of satisfaction, but it seems as if something is not quite right.

Unknown Role (None): Unlike ordinary bottles of "Fonta Classic," this bottle seems to be overflowing with carbonation, and the tingling sensation in your throat rushes to your head.

Unknown Role (None): You clearly were enjoying a sweet drink, yet the experience is akin to having gulped some chilled Jueyun Chili juice down.

Unknown Role (None): Clearly, the thrashing you gave it before has taken effect. But the promised spectacular surprise might be difficult for ordinary drink aficionados to appreciate fully.

Unknown Role (None): At this time, you seem to recall the powerful sentiment expressed by an employee at a clockwork workshop when dealing with a particularly problematic product:

Unknown Role (None): "My word, a machine that can actually throw a tantrum!"

Unknown Role (None): Never mind...

Unknown Role (None): The machine lets out a low, scoffing sound, as though miffed about some marvelous show missed.

Unknown Role (None): You aren't sure why, but this sound seems to have given you the perfect chance to give it another good thrashing...

Unknown Role (None): Comfort the machine...

Unknown Role (None): Just what kind of troubles could a Fonta Vending Machine possibly have? All it needs to do is accept customers' currency and produce product. It need not worry about the provenance of said currency or the drinks, and its work is uncommonly simple.

Unknown Role (None): It also needn't concern itself with being paid wages, or paying for food, shelter, and clothing, nor can any of the pressures and problems that beset our lives overwhelm it.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the worries and problems of any adventurer... No, any common citizen of Teyvat, are all far greater than those of this machine.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps its only complaint is merely that "a life that never changes gets a bit boring."

Unknown Role (None): When you think of it like that, perhaps it wouldn't be a bad idea to strap the machine to your back and take it on a journey.

Unknown Role (None): Not only would the machine get to experience a fascinating, varied life, but it could also help rehydrate you while on the road...

Unknown Role (None): Considering its sturdy constitution, perhaps you could use it as a ranged weapon — even defeat your opponents with a single throw?

Unknown Role (None): But considering the matter even more carefully, the Mora obtained from defeating a single enemy would almost certainly not offset the cost of all the hundreds and thousands of bottles of Fonta that this machine could produce.

Unknown Role (None): So it would, in truth, be a tremendous waste to use it as a thrown weapon.

Unknown Role (None): Not to mention the question of whether it could still produce Fonta anytime, anywhere after having left the Realm Within and the supply of adeptal energy therein...

Unknown Role (None): Carrying it everywhere during your journey would also increase the amount of energy you expend to travel, far beyond the quantity of which drinking a few bottles of Fonta could replenish.

Unknown Role (None): After considering the pros and cons quite carefully, you conclude it is best to allow the machine to simply stay here in peace and quiet.

Unknown Role (None): Politely take your leave...

Unknown Role (None): The Fonta Vending Machine does not say farewell to you. Perhaps it thinks that you'll be back, sooner or later.