# Missing title (860151839)

Ei: Many challenges still lie ahead for Inazuma, but I am prepared for them.

Unknown Role (None): About the "challenges"...

Ei: Abolishing the Sakoku Decree has a myriad of implications. It would be folly to say that it will be all positive, and there will be no negative repercussions.

Ei: For example, I can foresee the outside world posing a threat to Inazuma's businesses. These are the issues that I must work to solve.

Unknown Role (None): Ei, you're thinking about this all so conscientiously. I've only got as far as wondering whether I'll be able to sell entrance tickets to the Grand Narukami Shrine in the future.

Ei: Honestly, Miko...

Unknown Role (None): About the gaze of the gods...

Ei: Makoto's gaze was always fixed on the people of Inazuma. I always assumed it was because... that was her duty.

Ei: But now I see that hers was a gaze full of delight and hope. It was not just a duty, but a joy, too. She loved humanity very dearly.

Unknown Role (None): If people of the past deserved the gods' attention, then so do the people of the future.

Ei: Indeed. No longer will I ignore their passions and dreams.

Unknown Role (None): About the centuries of dueling...

Ei: To put it bluntly, it was constant torture with no end in sight.

Ei: Faced with an endless battle, I had to remain focused at all times. Had my concentration lapsed for but a moment, the Shogun's blade would have taken my life.

Ei: Safe to say, were it not for my previous experiences in combat, my skills would not have been up to the challenge. I would most certainly have been defeated.

Ei: And through it all, you also had your part to play.

Unknown Role (None): About the damage to the Sacred Sakura...

Ei: Don't worry, I haven't forgotten. I will be sure to remind the Tenryou and Yashiro Commissions of their duties in this regard.

Ei: It's not only the monsters that I am worried about. I'm concerned about what else might escape from the Sacred Sakura.

Unknown Role (None): That's a tough one, alright... There's plenty more besides memories held in the Ley Lines.

Ei: Since you clearly understand, perhaps you could think about making an effort, too.

Unknown Role (None): Yae Miko said she was placing her god—

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! Yae Miko said nothing of the sort, and the Traveler has some nerve making up spurious claims about her while she is still present.

Unknown Role (None): Some words are not to be passed on.

Unknown Role (None): Trust me, you don't want to know the cost of betraying me. Just think of the things I said to you as our little secret. Understood?

Ei: What are you talking about?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing. I suddenly want some fried tofu.

Unknown Role (None): I have no other questions.