# Missing title (3261179135)

Gendou Ringo: #Hello, Traveler. Are you here for a fortune slip? Apologies, but now isn't the best time.

Traveler: I mean... I still see three boxes, so your stall's ready, right?

Gendou Ringo: It is, and so are the bamboo slips within. However, we've run out of the corresponding fortune slips... That is, the paper slips expounding on the fortune.

Traveler: That's a thing that happens?

Traveler: So, when will I be able to draw one?

Gendou Ringo: That depends on your fortune. We are currently preparing new slips.

Traveler: And how do I check that fortune?

Gendou Ringo: Draw a slip.

Traveler: ...And when can I draw a slip?

Gendou Ringo: That depends on your fortune.

Traveler: ...We're going in circles, you know.

Gendou Ringo: We are — and you've looped around to great fortune indeed.

Traveler: And how long are we going to do this?

Gendou Ringo: Till right about... now. Congratulations on your great fortune.

Traveler: Wait. How do you know that?

Yae Miko: Oh my. I was just wondering who wandered by... Why, it's you, little one! Are you here for a fortune slip?

Traveler: That's right.

Traveler: But Ringo here said they were long gone.

Yae Miko: That they are, yes! Everyone in Inazuma seems to be getting more anxious by the year. Oh, won't someone think of the rising paper consumption...

Yae Miko: We just restocked earlier, too, and poof! Gone again. Even the "great fortune" slips are nearly gone. *sigh* Truly, the troubles of being a Guuji never cease...

Yae Miko: Still, you're in luck today. Here you are, Ringo. 300 fresh "good fortune" slips, written by yours truly in a single sitting. Should be enough to tide us over.

Traveler: Th—Three hundred!?

Traveler: And just how long will it take to go through those!?

Yae Miko: Well now... That depends on everyone's fortune, of course.

Yae Miko: Now, little one, aren't you here to seek yours? Go on. I'll cover your eyes while you draw a slip.

Yae Miko: Now, be sure to draw well! These aren't your everyday fortunes, you know. These are Guuji Yae's special slips!

Yae Miko: See? Ringo was right. Yours is a "great fortune" after all.

Traveler: You heard that? How?

Yae Miko: Oh, come now. You're in the Grand Narukami Shrine. Is it so strange that my ears would be a little sharper within its bounds?

Traveler: Miko, did you...

Yae Miko: Shh. Now, now. Don't let the whole world know, or youkai might come and snatch your good luck away.

Yae Miko: This fortune slip was personally written by the current Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine herself, Yae Miko, so it's quite potent. Guard it well, lest it ends up in the hands of a tanuki or baku.

Yae Miko: Alright then. As always, I leave the rest to you, Ringo.

Gendou Ringo: Yes, Lady Guuji.

Traveler: Huh? By the rest, you mean...

Gendou Ringo: That's exactly what she means. What Lady Guuji wrote were the "good" fortune slips. The bad ones are yet to be completed.

Yae Miko: Alas, any fortune I write would simply be too potent. Surely, such power shouldn't be used to foretell doom and gloom?

Yae Miko: Safer, then, to have dear Ringo pen the "Misfortune" slips. The well-being of every visitor to our shrine is at stake!

Yae Miko: Now, I'm off to write the Modest Fortunes. Do enjoy your wonderful fortune today, little one.

Traveler: She's just trying to slack off, isn't she?

Traveler: Nothing but an excuse to get out of writing too many fortunes.

Gendou Ringo: #...Please enjoy your wonderful fortune today, Traveler.