(Quest is part of chapter: Dulciaria Structura Chapter: Act I Treasured Above All)

# Shaped by Fame

Navia seems to be keeping an eye on something in front of Hotel Debord...


## Objective 1

(Go to the entrance of Hotel Debord)


## Talk 2

(Talk to Navia)

Paimon: Hey, Navia! Whatcha up to?
Navia: Ah...! Shh...
Traveler: ...Why the secrecy?
Savanna (???): Get lost, Monica! I don't want to see you back here until you're ready to wake up and start doing things properly! Right now, you're a disgrace to my kitchen and to the Hotel Debord name!
Monica: I... I—It was an accident...
Savanna (???): I'm sorry, did you hear me asking for excuses?
Monica: No, no! I... I'll do better, I promise...
Paimon: Why is she so aggressive? She won't even listen to what the poor girl has to say! ...Hey, cut her some slack! You gotta at least hear her out...
Navia: Ah... Wait...!
Savanna (???): Huh? Who do you think you are, telling me— Wait a sec... Navia?
Savanna (???): ...Hmph, so you're bringing backup now? Suit yourself. You're still wasting your time.
Navia: *sigh*
Navia: ...Savanna, is this how you always treat your staff?
Savanna: "My staff" is right. I'm the one in charge here now — and last time I checked, the Hotel Debord doesn't take orders from the Spina di Rosula.
Navia: Of course, how you run your kitchen is none of our business. But when a member of your staff is so overworked he becomes gravely ill, that most definitely IS our business. We're going to stand up for him, whether you like it or not!
Savanna: Overworked? Huh, I've said it before and I'll say it again: If Firmin can't handle the job, then tough luck. There are plenty of other capable people I can hire instead!
Monica: But Firmin can do the job, he just—
Savanna: Monica, back inside, now!
Monica: Huh? But you said I shouldn't come back until—
Savanna: ...Just do as you're told! And not another word out of you. Come on, we have work to do.
Paimon: Wow... What a horrible person...
Navia: Sorry, looks like I've dragged you into some drama again...
Traveler: So, who was that?
Navia: Her name is Savanna. She's the new head chef at Hotel Debord.
Navia: Ever since she took the job, she's been enforcing a brutal work regime, and putting a huge amount of pressure on her staff...
Navia: One guy was so overworked, he collapsed from illness. He's been bedridden for days, and he can barely even talk properly...
Firmin: I'm sorry... I'm sorry... It's all my fault... I don't deserve to be a chef...
Navia: ...At his family's request, the Spina di Rosula is trying to mediate on his behalf. We're not exactly making a ton of progress, as you saw...
Navia: Savanna is adamant that Firmin's exhaustion and illness have nothing to do with her or how she's been running her kitchen. She's refusing to have any kind of meaningful dialogue with us.
Navia: Our next thought was to talk to the other chefs at the restaurant, and get a better idea of their working conditions. But with Savanna watching them like a hawk, no one has been willing to open up...
Navia: And that's why I'm here, doing it the old-fashioned way. Camping out, watching, and waiting for an opportunity.

Option 1:

> Traveler: So you were waiting for Savanna to leave...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And then you were going to approach Monica?

Paimon: ...Oh, shoot! It all makes sense now... Sorry, Paimon should have thunk before she spoke. Did Paimon ruin everything...?
Navia: No, not at all, Paimon! Honestly, the way she was laying into Monica, someone had to step in. I'm sure I would have piped up if you hadn't.
Navia: And besides, I don't really think I'm built for espionage...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Either way, Savanna's seen you now...

Option 2:

> Traveler: So you probably won't get another chance.

Navia: Yeah... Meaning it's gonna be all the more difficult to get the inside scoop now. Ugh... I might as well head back to the Fleuve Cendre then. We'll need to come up with a whole new game plan.
Paimon: Um... Paimon will join you! ...'Cause this is kinda all Paimon's fault...
Traveler: Then I'll join you too.
Navia: Guys, it's fine, you don't need to worry about it! That said... if you were planning to visit the Fleuve Cendre anyway, let me take you out for a meal! I'll make sure it's a proper feast!
Navia: A really famous chef just joined the Spina di Rosula's tavern! Her name is—
Leone: Um... sorry to interrupt... I just wanted to apologize for the scene you witnessed just now. We shouldn't subject our customers to that.
Leone: This is a small token from us... It's some candy from Monica — she asked me to make sure it was delivered into your hands.
Paimon: Monica's the one apologizing? Hmph, clearly Savanna is the one who owes an apology!
Leone: Uh... our head chef has been a little highly strung lately... Sorry for everything!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Paimon... Don't make things more difficult for her.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Thank you for the gift.

Paimon: Alright... Since there's candy, Paimon will drop it — not the candy!
Leone: Thank you for understanding! We'll make sure to pass your feedback onto Miss Savanna.
Navia: "A little highly strung," huh...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Looks like with Savanna in the kitchen...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Even the waiting staff are on edge.

Paimon: Paimon doesn't get it. How did someone like her even become head chef?
Navia: Well, according to Firmin's family, she hasn't always been like this... But that's a story for another time. Let's try this candy!
Traveler: Ah yes, never underestimate Navia's affinity for sweets...
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon totally gets it! Come on, dig in!
Paimon: ...Huh? Hold on, there's something written on the wrapper...
Paimon: "Find... Escoffier..."?

## Talk 3

(Go to the Fleuve Cendre)

Paimon: ...So, who is this "Escoffier" anyway?
Navia: She... Well, for starters, she used to be the head chef at the Hotel Debord, before Savanna.
Navia: She recreated the legendary Gateau Debord and restored the restaurant back to its former glory...
Navia: Safe to say, she's the most renowned head chef in the Hotel Debord's history after the culinary genius Modeste himself.
Paimon: Gateau Debord? ...That's the super-exclusive cake that they only sell a few slices a day, right? Wow... Why the heck would she let Savanna take her place?
Navia: Well, apparently... The Hotel Debord was reported for a safety incident. Someone claimed that the kitchen was adding an illegal substance to their menu.
Navia: But none of the chefs had any idea how it could have gotten into the food... In the end, Escoffier decided that as head chef, she should take responsibility, and she was sent to the Fortress of Meropide.
Paimon: The Fortress of Meropide!?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Oh, don't be so dramatic. It was probably just a formality...

Option 2:

> Traveler: We got sent there just for eating someone else's cake.

Navia: Haha... Well, you're right — the quantity of the substance they found was fairly minimal. Even the Gardes believed the whole thing was probably just an accident.
Navia: Escoffier didn't have to stay in the Fortress for long, but still, by the time she returned, the role of head chef had already passed to Savanna.
Paimon: So that's what happened... Paimon still thinks it's really unfair!
Navia: Even though Escoffier is no longer head chef at the Hotel, she's still well respected by the staff.
Navia: So I'm guessing what Monica wants is for us to convince Escoffier to try and negotiate with Savanna on the staff's behalf.
Paimon: Oh! Paimon gets it! Monica wants Escoffier to come back and kick Savanna out!
Paimon: It's simple. If the new head chef is stressing everyone out, then the solution is... just get the old one back!
Navia: Um... Well, about that...
Escoffier (???): You thought cream of mushroom soup was ready to serve after three and a half minutes on the stove!?
Escoffier (???): You'd have had more sense serving hot water with ice cubes!
Escoffier (???): At least then, you wouldn't have wasted all this perfectly good cream and mushroom! What do you say, Hilaire!?
Hilaire: *sobbing* I'm sorry, cream... I'm sorry, mushroom...
Navia: As you can see... Escoffier is that kind of chef as well.

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...How has the Hotel Debord made it this far?

Option 2:

> Traveler: I am at a loss for words.

Escoffier: ...You have to leave it on the heat for long enough to allow those flavors the chance to come out! Don't be fooled by the aroma when the water first starts to boil. Got it?
Hilaire: Yes, Chef...
Escoffier: Then go back and do it again! The customers are still waiting... Remember where you went wrong, and don't repeat the same mistake twice!
Hilaire: ...Y—Yes, Chef...!
Paimon: Um... Excuse us, we're—
Escoffier: Waiting to be served? Sorry, we're pretty busy. I'm afraid you have to join the line...
Paimon: Oh, no no, we're not here to eat!
Escoffier: So you're not paying customers? Then I'm afraid the wait will be even longer!
Navia: Haha... It's hard to talk to Escoffier when she's in the zone. Let's take a seat — we can catch up while we wait.
Paimon: Looks like the rush hour's finally over... Is it always this busy here?
Navia: These days, yes... I'd say business has tripled since Escoffier joined as temporary head chef.
Traveler: She didn't want to go back to Hotel Debord?
Navia: Well, in her words... the Hotel Debord "doesn't need her anymore." It doesn't look like she's got any plans to go back...
Hilaire: Um... I guess I'll be heading off, then...
Escoffier: Wait! Take these home with you. We can't serve them now, and there's no sense in letting them go to waste.
Hilaire: Oh... Thank you, Chef!
Escoffier: For what? Like I said, I just don't want them going to waste! Oh, and tell Firmin to get well soon, so you're not running yourself ragged every single shift!
Navia: Heh...
Paimon: "Firmin"... That's the second time we've heard that name. Who is that, again?
Navia: ...He's the chef that fell ill from stress. Hilaire is his son, and with mom stuck at home taking care of dad...
Navia: ...He decided to pick up some work to help pay the bills. Escoffier knows their situation, so she's been making some extra food every day for him to take home...
Escoffier: Hey! I heard that, Navia!
Escoffier: I've told you before, no one's making "extra food." Hilaire is making blunders in the kitchen, and I can't serve his failed dishes, so he might as well take them home...
Navia: Yeah, yeah, "failed dishes" that just so happen to be nutritionally complete every single time.
Escoffier: ...
Escoffier: #Ahem... So, you two must be the world-famous Traveler and his companion, Paimon, yes? Is there something I can help you with?
Paimon: Oh, so you know us already! We'll skip the introduction then. We are here to talk about Savanna!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Since Hilaire is working for you...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You must be aware of the situation with Savanna.

Escoffier: ...I certainly am. The Spina's headquarters are right next to the tavern, and I've lost count of the number of times Navia's come to pester me about it.
Escoffier: But... I don't work for the Hotel Debord anymore, and being ex-head chef doesn't give me the right to interfere with their business.
Escoffier: Besides... I'm the one who persuaded Savanna to take the job in the first place.
Paimon: What!?
Escoffier: Well... She was a much gentler person back then. A little timid, even... She wasn't at all confident that she was the right fit for the role.
Paimon: That's hard to believe... Are we definitely talking about the same Savanna here?
Escoffier: Honestly... I do wonder if she's just emulating me. I mean, I'm not the most pleasant head chef to be around either...
Traveler: (...At least she's self-aware...)
Escoffier: Anyway, suffice to say that given the history between us, it'll be tricky for me to tell her she's doing her job wrong without coming across like a huge hypocrite...
Escoffier: Firmin and the others probably think that Savanna gets it all from me...
Navia: I wouldn't be so sure about that, Escoffier... Look at this note we got from Monica.
Black Screen Text: You give Monica's candy wrapper to Escoffier...
Escoffier: She mentioned me...
Navia: Whatever shortcomings you feel you have, it looks like Monica still trusts you. As for the others, well... how can you know what they think, unless you ask them?
Escoffier: Monica...
Navia: Plus, it's not like we're asking you to storm in there and raise hell. We're only in the initial phase of our investigation. All we're trying to do is get the other chefs to open up to us.
Escoffier: Oh, Monica... Oh, Monica...
Paimon: ...Uh, Escoffier?
Escoffier: I can't believe her! Powdered sugar is supposed to be applied sparingly! Look at all that on the wrapper — it's thicker than the sole of my shoe!
Escoffier: Unbelievable! I won't stand for this, she has to learn! Come on, we're going!
Paimon: Wait... So now she's...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Well, whatever the reason she came up with...

Option 2:

> Traveler: At least she's convinced herself to go have a conversation.

Navia: Heh. Let's go catch up to her. We don't wanna keep her waiting!

## Objective 5

(Return to Hotel Debord)


## Objective 6

(Follow Escoffier)


## Talk 7

(Talk to Escoffier)

Monica: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! I messed up your order!
Renaud: Oh... I wouldn't go that far, heh... Maybe the taste is a little off, but if you hadn't brought it up, I don't think I would have noticed...
Monica: But, but... please, you have to forgive me, or Chef is gonna... Okay, I know! I'll... kneel before you!
Renaud: What the heck...?
Escoffier: Get up, Monica! Can't you see that you're just making your customer feel more awkward?
Monica: Ah... Escoffier?
Escoffier: If you want forgiveness, then do what any self-respecting chef would do: Make the dish again — and this time, get it right. You cannot go begging your customers to feel sorry for you!
Monica: I... *sobs* Savanna said that I'm not allowed back in the kitchen until I've corrected my mistake... But if I can't go back into the kitchen, I can't do the dish over...
Paimon: That's some backwards logic... How can you fix your mistake without being allowed to cook? If this is what Firmin had to put up with, then no wonder he had a breakdown...
Escoffier: ...We apologize for interrupting your meal, Sir.
Renaud: Ah, it's fine... With my layman's palate, it's not like I can tell the difference anyway, heh... I was actually quite enjoying my meal until she appeared out of nowhere and started apologizing. Gave me a bit of a fright, to be honest...
Monica: Oh... Well, it's because Chef Savanna tasted a bit of the leftover soup from my pot, and then threw me out of the kitchen...
Renaud: Gosh, that's pretty strict... Has she always been that way? I don't recall things being like this when Escoffier was head chef here. I gotta say, you're all looking a little worse for wear these days.
Monica: ...I mean, Escoffier was strict too. But I think the difference is that her criticism was more constructive, so you knew what you did wrong and how to improve. And...
Monica: We all knew that it came from a good place. Chef Escoffier was hard on us because she truly wanted us to reach her level.
Monica: But these days... Whenever we make a mistake, we just get told to "wake up," "get your head in the game"... or just "do it again!"
Monica: And it's only gotten worse since word got out that Chef Escoffier had started working again in the Fleuve Cendre...
Escoffier: ...Monica, you don't need to call me "Chef." I'm not the boss here anymore.
Monica: Yeah, but through no fault of your own! What happened back then... that wasn't on you, and all of us know that.
Monica: That banquet was a huge event, and so many staff were involved every step of the way... With so many moving parts, there's no way of knowing how that lumiline ended up in the food we served.
Paimon: "Lumiline"? What's that?
Navia: A new drug from the Fontaine Research Institute, produced from an extract of the Lumitoile. Apparently it sharpens the senses, so they use it to treat people with impaired responses to stimuli.
Renaud: Oh, yeah! I've heard about that! They found out you can use it as a flavor enhancer since it stimulates the tastebuds... Makes things pretty addictive!
Navia: They also found that overuse can have mood-altering effects and even lead to nerve damage... So it quickly ended up on the Gardes list of controlled substances.
Navia: Unfortunately, however, some food products containing the additive had already made it to the market by the time the Gardes banned it from the restaurant industry.
Monica: ...Everyone knows that in all likelihood, someone probably just purchased a batch of contaminated ingredients by mistake...
Monica: But you took all the blame. We all know why — you just didn't wanna see this turn into a place where tensions are constantly running high, because everyone's suspicious of each other all the time...
Monica: ...And now look at you... A fry chef in the Fleuve Cendre...
Navia: Uhhh... What are you trying to say? Sure, the Spina's tavern is no Hotel Debord, but c'mon, it's not THAT bad... is it?
Renaud: Oh, the Fleuve Cendre, you say? Great! That's where I'm dining from now on!
Escoffier: Ahem! Monica, I'm very happy with my current job... And there's no changing the past. We just have to let bygones be bygones.
Escoffier: Besides... At the end of the day, I was the head chef. Regardless of whose mistake it was, ultimately the responsibility lay with me.
Monica: *sigh*... If only Savanna was half the boss you were...
Savanna (???): I'm sorry? Do you have a problem with my conduct as head chef?
Monica: Ah! N—No, Chef!
Savanna: Hmph, so you do remember who's boss.
Savanna: Escoffier... I thought you'd left this place for good. What are you doing back here?
Escoffier: ...What happened to you, Savanna? Why are you acting like this? When I turned this place over to you, I—
Savanna: You made me the head chef, and gave up your right to tell me how to do my job!
Savanna: You're not the boss here anymore... So stop acting like you own the place!
Paimon: Whoa... sounds like someone has a chip on her shoulder...
Traveler: Maybe we should give them some space...
Escoffier: SAVANNAAAA!
Escoffier: My god, have you grown a temper since I last saw you!
Escoffier: Have you put even half the amount of energy into improving your cooking skills? Or are you still using the Pluie Lotus as an off-brand Marcotte, thinking no one can tell the difference?
Savanna: Th—That's none of your business!
Paimon: What happened to not storming in and raising hell...?
Vaneigem (???): Hoho, I was not expecting to see something this spicy as soon as Escoffier returned!
Escoffier: Huh? Vaneigem?
Vaneigem: Aye, miladies. Might I make a humble suggestion? Given that we have ourselves a tete-a-tete between chefs at the Hotel Debord... I daresay it would be "de rigueur" to settle this the traditional way.
Renaud: The traditional way? That can only mean one thing!
Traveler: Sounds like we're in for a history lesson...
Vaneigem: That's right! I'm talking, of course, about the tradition established by Modeste himself... The cooking contest!
Renaud: According to legend, the founders of Hotel Debord, Modeste and Savelli, used this method to resolve all of their disputes! Everything from petty arguments over next week's menu, to disagreements over the strategic direction of the restaurant...
Renaud: ...The cooking contest would decide who had the final say!
Paimon: Sounds like they had a lot of free time on their hands...
Vaneigem: Ah, well it might sound that way to us, but in fact the cooking contest played an enormous role in motivating chefs to hone their skills, reaching new heights of excellence in the culinary arts!
Vaneigem: And indeed, the reintroduction of this institution in recent years has surely been instrumental in transforming the Hotel Debord into the top-ranking restaurant in Fontaine.
Paimon: Reintroduction? Someone brought it back? Who?
Vaneigem: What say you, Escoffier? Surely, you of all people won't back down from this challenge? It was you who put the rule in place, after all.
Traveler: Thought so. There's your answer, Paimon...
Escoffier: Ahem... Sure, I reinstated it, but I'm not a chef at Hotel Debord anymore. Isn't this bending the rules a little?
Vaneigem: Haha, I see no issue as long as both sides agree to the terms. We could simply treat it as an... exhibition of sorts. Savanna, any objections?
Savanna: "Exhibition"? Hmph... No.
Savanna: If we're going to battle it out, let's put it all on the line! If I lose, it's up to you what happens to me!
Escoffier: ...I don't want anything to "happen" to you...
Savanna: But if you lose... you hand over the Codex Debord to me!
Renaud: What!? THE Codex Debord!?

Option 1:

> Traveler: The Codex Debord!? ...Uh...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Um, what is that?

Navia: ...Only the legendary handbook written by the original head chef, Modeste! It contains all his secret recipes, including Gateau Debord!
Navia: It's the greatest treasure in Fontaine's culinary world, and only the present and former head chefs of the Hotel Debord have the right to read it!
Paimon: Present and former...? Wait, but that already includes Savanna though...
Escoffier: What do you want that old thing for? You have your own copy, don't you?
Savanna: Hmph, don't take me for a fool. You know perfectly well what I mean...
Savanna: I want YOUR copy — the original version. The one you took with you when you left us!
Escoffier: ...I'm sorry, I must be missing something. You know there's no difference between the original and the copy, right? They contain the exact same recipes...
Savanna: Stop trying to change the topic. What's wrong, Escoffier? Scared you're gonna lose to me? Or are you scared of me getting my hands on the original Codex?
Vaneigem: Um, Savanna, you may remember that we gave her the original as a parting gift, to thank Escoffier for her years of service... Asking for it back feels a little... ahem...
Savanna: Oh, I'm sure it won't be an issue — as long as both sides agree to the terms. Those were your words, weren't they?
Savanna: And as for the contest itself... Let's make it a bake-off. Gateau Debord, per the recipe in the Codex! Well, Escoffier? You against me — are you in or out?
Escoffier: Hmph... You sound surprisingly confident.
Escoffier: ...Alright then. Let's see how much you've actually grown.
Escoffier: I hope you surprise me, Savanna... I'd hate to find out that all you've learned after this long is how to chew people's heads off!
Savanna: Hmph... Believe me, I'll show you.

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Return to the Fleuve Cendre)

Renaud: I can't believe I got to witness that firsthand! I only stopped by here for a quick meal... Hehe, I definitely got my Mora's worth today!

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Return to the Fleuve Cendre)

Vaneigem: Ahem, I do apologize... This whole ordeal reflects rather poorly on us...

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...Wait, aren't you the boss?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Can't you rein Savanna in a little?

Vaneigem: I'm afraid it's not quite that simple... The Hotel Debord runs as more of a partnership, you see. It was founded by two friends, Modeste and Savelli, and it's been that way ever since.
Vaneigem: So, while I am technically Savanna's boss, it's not really my place to interfere with the business of the kitchen.
Vaneigem: To be perfectly honest with you, that's part of the reason why I suggested a cooking contest.
Vaneigem: If Escoffier wins, it would be the perfect opportunity for her to talk some sense into Savanna. Or of course, if she wanted to return, then...
Vaneigem: But anyway, I'm getting ahead of myself. Whatever the outcome, this contest will hopefully serve as a turning point for us... Please pass on my best wishes to Escoffier.
Vaneigem: ...I must say, Savanna surprised me with her confidence. Does she really believe she can best Escoffier in the kitchen? I thought she was just blowing off steam, when she first raised the idea to me.

## Talk 8

(Return to the Fleuve Cendre)

Paimon: Um, so... This whole bake-off thing kinda came outta nowhere. Was it really sensible to just go along with it?
Escoffier: Well, I got a sense that she's holding something back. But we chefs always express ourselves in our cooking. So if she won't talk, this might be the best way to find out what's really going on with her.
Paimon: Huh? Holding back? Sure didn't sound that way to Paimon...
Navia: Escoffier only picked up on it because she's the same way... Always closed-off, never letting you know what she really thinks!
Escoffier: That's patently false — at least where your macarons are concerned. I've been nothing but truthful with you about the disgraceful amount of sugar you use.
Navia: ...Okay, that's one case where you can keep your thoughts to yourself!
Traveler: So anyway, what's this "Codex Debord" she's so obsessed with?
Escoffier: Oh, that... Well, it's not so much a recipe book as a diary of Modeste's adventures.
Escoffier: Back in the day, he and his good friend Savelli explored far and wide, partly adventuring, partly looking for new ingredients and developing new recipes. Their creations had an enormous influence on the course of Fontaine cuisine, turning it into a much more vibrant and diverse scene.
Escoffier: For instance, legend has it that the original Gateau Debord was made using a special secret ingredient that Modeste discovered on one of his adventures.
Escoffier: So rare was the ingredient that they could never make more than sixteen slices of the cake per day... But everyone who tried it claimed that it was one of the most blissful and invigorating things they had ever tasted.
Escoffier: Modeste and Savelli went on to found the original Hotel Debord, which catapulted them to stardom in Fontaine's culinary world.
Escoffier: Especially Modeste. He was hailed as a once-in-a-generation genius, and over time, the recipes from his adventure log became known as the "Codex Debord."
Paimon: Ah, Paimon's heard this kind of story before... "Armed with the Codex, the Hotel Debord took its rightful place as the finest restaurant in the land, serving those recipes for centuries to come"... Something like that?
Escoffier: What? No, of course not. Cooking is a constantly evolving art form. How could any restaurant survive if they only served food that was popular last century?
Escoffier: Anyway, never mind centuries — Savelli and Modeste parted ways not even ten years after their rise to fame. Then, Modeste passed away while he was still in his prime...
Escoffier: ...And that was it, the end of the Hotel Debord's heyday. It fell into decline, and for most of its history it was just a nondescript place with a couple of cheap tables. It's only in recent decades that it started recovering.
Escoffier: Even then, it still took numerous relocations and changes of management before we finally ended up with Vaneigem and the restaurant we have today.
Paimon: Oh... So the Codex really isn't all that, then. Paimon figured it was like one of those mystical books they have in Liyue's martial arts novels, where the main character learns all their secret powers from.
Escoffier: Yes, well that's fiction, and this is reality. You can't meet the tastes of modern diners by following some ancient recipes from a dusty old book.
Navia: Case in point — even the Gateau Debord they sell now is actually Escoffier's reimagination.
Paimon: Wait, really? Why though? Didn't that recipe make it into the Codex?
Escoffier: It did, but like I said — it's a dusty old book now, and the records aren't as legible as they once were. Not to mention that there's no way of finding the secret ingredient Modeste wrote about.
Escoffier: So, "reimagination" is right. I consulted some historical records and took what I could from the Codex, but ultimately the Gateau Debord of today is my own recipe.
Escoffier: As for why we gave it the same name, and kept the tradition of only selling sixteen slices a day... Well, you've got Vaneigem's business sense to thank for that.
Paimon: Oh... Huh, well that kinda takes all the mystique out of it...
Navia: Hey now, it might not be the original "Gateau Debord," but it's still the most delicious cake in Fontaine today! And who knows — maybe Escoffier's version is more suited to your palate?
Navia: Just think, if the original truly was the perfect cake you're imagining it to be, there's no way the recipe would've been lost to history, right? Not to mention that the Hotel Debord never would've fallen into a slump.
Escoffier: ...
Escoffier: Anyway... Before I left my role as head chef, I made a copy of all the recipes from the Codex, including my own improved versions, and turned them over to Savanna.
Paimon: Huh... So why is she so interested in the original copy?
Paimon: Could it be a symbolic thing? Like, whoever holds the original Codex Debord is the "true" head chef?
Navia: Well, it was clearly precious enough to give to Escoffier as a parting gift. Meanwhile, Savanna only got a copy...
Navia: Maybe from her point of view, it's like management doesn't truly see her as being worthy of the role.
Escoffier: You think so? ...The only thing is, it was her suggestion to gift me the original in the first place. Well, a joint decision by her and Vaneigem, but still...
Paimon: What!? Huh... Guess she's had a major change of heart since she became head chef... Yeesh...
Escoffier: ...Who knows, we could speculate forever. Better to just let our gateau do the talking.
Traveler: What does that mean, exactly?
Escoffier: It means besting her in this bake-off — and then getting her to explain herself! Even if I have to beat it out of her with a spatula!
Traveler: You don't mince words...
Escoffier: However much she's changed since we worked together, I believe that she still has her chef's pride. And if she respects the art, she'll respect the outcome of our contest.
Navia: Well, I'm confident that you and your spatula can get justice for Firmin. All you need to do now is win the contest, but that should be a breeze for you!
Escoffier: Eh, let's not get too ahead of ourselves... Gateau Debord is very complicated to make — usually, it takes three chefs working in tandem to cover everything.
Escoffier: Now, if I had to push it, I could probably do the work of three chefs myself... But I'd prefer to play it safe if I can find a couple of assistants in time.
Paimon: Well, that's easy! The three of us are veterans in the kitchen. You just need to pick two of us!
Escoffier: #Well, I have heard that Traveler is an accomplished cook as well as a warrior... But be warned, I will hold you to exceptionally high standards. Think you're up to the task?
Traveler: Bring it on!
Navia: Count me in, too! I've spent weeks perfecting my macarons after your scathing review!
Navia: #Even if it means competing against Traveler, so be it! I'll show you what I'm made of!
Escoffier: Hmm, confident. I like it. Alright, let's start with some elementary mise en place — show me your knife skills.

## Objective 11

(Practice your knife-work)


## Talk 12

(Talk to Escoffier)

Escoffier: Hm... Looks like you found that easier than I expected.
Paimon: Yeah, thankfully it was pretty straightforward in the end! You made it sound like we'd be carving statues out of fruits, or something...
Escoffier: Well brace yourself, because the next step is anything but straightforward. I'll be using this cold press to extract flavor compounds from the ingredients.
Traveler: What's a cold press?
Escoffier: A kind of special food processor I got the Fontaine Research Institute to make for me. It uses cold-temperature extraction to isolate the essence of cooking ingredients, which can then be used to flavor dishes more precisely...
Escoffier: But um... this isn't exactly standard kitchen equipment, so that probably didn't make a whole lot of sense... Let me give you a demonstration instead.

## Objective 14

(Use the cold press to extract flavor compounds)


## Talk 15

(Talk to Escoffier)

Escoffier: And done! These are the flavor compounds extracted from our ingredients. I've processed all the fruit you chopped up earlier.
Paimon: Mmm... Wow, even the smell is so much more concentrated! What next? Do we add all this stuff in?
Escoffier: Absolutely not! Throwing everything in at once will ruin the balance of flavors! We have to go slowly and carefully, to calibrate the exact flavor we want.
Escoffier: ...I'll demonstrate again. Now, watch closely!

## Talk 16

(Balance the flavors of your dish)


## Talk 19

(Talk to Escoffier)

Escoffier: And voila! Whew... Now, it's your turn.
Black Screen Text: With Escoffier's guidance, everyone completes the flavoring process...
Escoffier: Hmm... Not terrible. Considering this was everyone's first time blending flavor extracts, it could've been worse.
Escoffier: #But Traveler's work was surprisingly good... Are you sure you've never done this before? You got almost perfect results on your first try...

Option 1:

> Traveler: All thanks to my excellent teacher!
> Escoffier: Hmph, that goes without saying! Still, credit where credit's due — you did well.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I guess I just treated it like an adventurer's puzzle...
> Escoffier: Huh... Well, they do say adventurers are multitalented folks. Now I've seen it firsthand!

Escoffier: Alright, now for the part I've been looking forward to: I want each of you to cook something from the Hotel Debord's current menu. I'll judge your submissions, and give you a final score.
Traveler: ...Final score?
Escoffier: That's right — the true test of your cooking skills is the finished product! It'll be good practice for the contest itself — now get to it. Chop chop!

## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Submit dishes from Hotel Debord)

Escoffier: How's it going? Have you picked a dish yet? Choose wisely — I expect you to present *the most delicious thing* on the menu.

## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Submit dishes from Hotel Debord)

Black Screen Text: After closely examining your dish, Escoffier asks you some pointed questions...
Escoffier: ...Hmm. So what is this, exactly? Because what it looks like is the aftermath of an alchemy accident. You realize food is supposed to be edible, yes?

## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Submit dishes from Hotel Debord)

Black Screen Text: After confirming that this was indeed your attempt at cooking food meant for human consumption, Escoffier looks a little disappointed.
Escoffier: Huh... I know this doesn't represent what you're capable of. Try again, and this time I want to see you make a proper attempt.

## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Submit dishes from Hotel Debord)

Black Screen Text: Escoffier's face lights up as you present your finished dish...
Escoffier: Ahh... Look at that! With the grace of a Snow-Winged Goose, as I like to say! Now, let the grading commence!

## Objective 20

(Submit dishes from Hotel Debord)


## Talk 22

(Talk to Escoffier)

Paimon: Hehe... Pretty good, right? Not to brag or anything, but Paimon's a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to le food!
Escoffier: Hmm... Six points.
Paimon: What? ...*sigh* Well, fair enough. Paimon doesn't cook all that often, so as long as it's a pass...
Escoffier: That's six out of a hundred.
Paimon: WHAT!?
Escoffier: You say you're a connoisseur, but it's quite clear from this dish that you have far more experience consuming food than creating it!
Escoffier: By that logic, I suppose you think listening to Lady Furina on repeat every day would make you an opera singer?
Paimon: Aw...
Navia: Me next, me next! I'll have you know that this batch of macarons has two whole tablespoons less sugar than my previous ones!
Escoffier: So you went from twelve tablespoons to ten? Well, it's nice to know you actually measured it out! Because it tastes like you just threw in whatever was left in the jar! Six points.
Navia: ...Aw...
Traveler: Yikes, she's a harsh judge...
Escoffier: Now to the final dish... Hmm...
Paimon: So, uh... Wh—What do you think...?
Navia: This is our last hope!
Escoffier: ...Eight points.
Paimon: Darn... That's barely higher than what we got...
Escoffier: Not exactly... The color is spot-on, beautiful aroma, excellent presentation...
Escoffier: ...I have to give this one eight points out of ten! ...Maybe even nine points!
Paimon: Huh!? How did you pull that off?
Traveler: It's all that practice from cooking for you, Paimon.
Escoffier: Don't get me wrong, there's room for improvement... But still, this is clearly the work of an accomplished chef! I can tell that you've put many hours of work into honing your skills in the kitchen.
Escoffier: #I can really taste the grace of the Snow-Winged Goose in this dish! Traveler's journey, with all its trials, tribulations, and setbacks... not to mention the frustrations of having a picky eater for a partner...
Paimon: Hey, you made that last part up! No way did you taste that!
Navia: #Well, it looks like I lost fair and square... I guess you'll be taking Traveler as one of your assistants, then?
Paimon: But if it takes three chefs, that still leaves one slot remaining... Um... Maybe Paimon and Navia should keep practicing and see how it goes...?
Hilaire: Uh...Chef Escoffier!
Paimon: Oh, it's Hilaire! What brings you here?
Hilaire: ...I heard the news. About the cooking contest — you're doing Gateau Debord, right? I was just wondering if you needed any help?
Navia: Huh... And you think you're up to the task, do you?
Hilaire: Oh... No, I know I'm not there yet. It's actually... my dad who wanted to help.
Escoffier: Firmin...? Last I heard, you could barely get out of bed...
Firmin: #Chef Escoffier... Navia, Traveler... Thank you all so much for everything you're doing for me and my family....
Firmin: I've had enough of sitting around at home while you run yourselves ragged... If you let me, I'd like to help you win this cooking contest!
Traveler: Are you sure you're up to the task, Firmin?
Navia: Yeah, I was gonna say the same thing...
Firmin: ...Don't you worry, I'll be fine! ...I'm feeling much better now. I'm sorry, I know I've been rather useless these past few days... but not any more.
Firmin: ...The fact is, I'm a fine chef, despite recent events. I've proven myself in the Hotel Debord kitchen... So if anyone's qualified to work under Chef Escoffier, it's me! I think... I mean, I hope so...
Escoffier: Firmin... have you even set foot in a kitchen since leaving Hotel Debord?
Firmin: I... I have not. But I'm fully rested now! I know I can handle it! ...I'll prove it! Lemme whip something up for you right now!
Firmin: Huh? That's strange... Why are my hands shaking?
Savanna: ...What do you call this, Firmin?
Firmin: I... can't seem to grip my knife...
Savanna: ...Do it again! ...Again! ...Again!
Firmin: I... I...
Savanna: ...Hopeless. Get out of my kitchen, yesterday!
Firmin: Ugh...
Hilaire: Dad! What's wrong?
Firmin: I don't understand... I was feeling so much better, and then I...
Firmin: I... Will I... never be able to work in a kitchen again?
Hilaire: Dad, talk to me! What happened?
Monica (???): ...I think the real issue here is not physical exhaustion, but psychological trauma.
Paimon: Huh? Monica? When did you get here?
Traveler: Even I didn't notice you arrive...
Monica: Haha... Probably because you were all concentrating so hard on your cooking. I didn't want to interrupt your flow.
Monica: But anyway... Firmin, I'm so sorry. If only I'd known how serious your situation was, I would've stood up for you sooner!
Firmin: ...You have nothing to apologize for, Monica. During those long nights of redoing every order, you were the only person who looked out for me.
Monica: Ah, come on, all I did was make you some tea... I doubt it was much help. Savanna was so ruthless toward you — I probably should've brought you something stronger.
Paimon: Ugh, she sounds like the worst... Alright, another Savanna horror story. Let's hear it!
Monica: She's been getting harsher and harsher on us ever since she heard about Escoffier's new role in the Fleuve Cendre. Seems like no matter what we make, she'll find something wrong with it...
Savanna: ...What is this? It looks like a dog's been at it! In the trash, now!
Firmin: Then, she orders us to redo the dish again and again... but we never know what's going to make her happy.
Savanna: ...Do it again! ...Do it again! ...Do it again!
Monica: Every time you remake it, you just get another earful from her...
Savanna: ...Either straighten yourself out or get out of my kitchen!!!
Firmin: So now... It seems like just picking up a kitchen utensil gives me flashbacks of her yelling at me...
Paimon: Aw man... That must be awful.
Firmin: The more I want to get it perfect, the more my hand shake... And the more scared I am of making another mistake...
Escoffier: How can you give up so easily, Firmin? You weren't a quitter when you were working for me.
Escoffier: And even under Savanna, you talk about working late into the night trying to perfect your dishes... that says to me that you still hadn't lost that determination to prove yourself. What changed?
Firmin: I... I don't know what's come over me. When I think back... I just remember feeling like my heart and my hands were growing heavier and heavier as the shift went on. Each time I had to redo a dish, my heart sank a little further...
Firmin: Maybe Savanna was right. Maybe I am just hopeless at this...
Hilaire: Dad...
Escoffier: I see... Well, it sounds like there are some deep issues at work here. Ones that won't be resolved by merely seeking compensation.
Escoffier: I will win this contest, and after that, I encourage you to approach Savanna and talk this out.
Firmin: But, what if you can't find another assistant in time? Clearly, I'm in no state to help out...
Escoffier: Heh, you think being one person short will ruin my chances? Let's not forget, I taught you and her everything you know!
Escoffier: Even if I had to go it alone, I would present the perfect gateau!
Paimon: Oh... Well, um... Paimon and Navia will still keep practicing, just in case...
Hilaire: And... and so will I!
Monica: Um...
Paimon: Yeah... And if worse comes to worst, we can always get the Spina di Rosula to put out an emergency call for chefs. There's gotta be someone out there, right?
Monica: Actually, uh... I thought maybe I could help? That's sort of why I'm here...
Escoffier: ...Wha—!?
Escoffier: Why didn't you say so!?
Monica: I was going to, but then... Well, this is the first chance I got, heh.
Hilaire: You'd do this for us? Thank you so much, Monica!
Escoffier: Alright, fine by me... But aren't you still working for Savanna? Joining the other side seems like a guaranteed way to put your future employment in jeopardy.
Monica: I know, but it's alright — I've made up my mind. With the way things are, I can't keep working for Savanna much longer anyway. Unless I wanna become the next Firmin...
Firmin: *sigh*...
Monica: I'm done with sucking it up. It's time to try and turn things around! If this cooking contest can get Savanna to see the error of her ways... then I'm sure she'll forgive me for this!
Traveler: I hope you're right...
Paimon: Well, Paimon didn't think we'd be poaching from Savanna's staff to get our third person, but there you go... Anyway, Monica's a professional chef, so nothing can possibly go wrong now!
Navia: Great! Then it's settled! And to congratulate you all on making the team... I propose a Spina-sponsored meal to celebrate!
Escoffier: Spina-sponsored— Wait, you mean I'm cooking?
Navia: #Haha, well, I promised Traveler a feast in the Fleuve Cendre... And I know how much you've been looking forward to it!
Paimon: Yeah! Feast, feast, feast!

Option 1:

> Traveler: I can help cook.

Option 2:

> Traveler: It'll be good practice for the contest.

Escoffier: Alright, if you insist... then prepare for some of the finest food of your lives!
Black Screen Text: Escoffier treats everyone to a spectacular feast...
Traveler: (Escoffier opted for a huge variety of dishes... Thankfully, both of us are skilled enough that, even though it was our first time working together, we had a great rapport.)
Escoffier: Hmm, that's not a bad idea actually... Wait, hold on! You need to finesse that further...
Traveler: (She dished out plenty of praise, and taught me an awful lot too. The time seemed to fly by.)

## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Check on Escoffier)

Navia: #Ahhh... I wish I could eat that all over again... It's not often that Escoffier goes all-out like this, and it's all because of you, Traveler!

## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Check on Escoffier)

Firmin: ...So, this is what Chef Escoffier is truly capable of...

## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Check on Escoffier)

Hilaire: Wow... I don't know if I'll ever be able to cook as good as that...

## Talk 23

(Check on Escoffier)

Escoffier: Why, Savanna... Why...
Traveler: What are you up to?
Escoffier: Oh... nothing, I was just flicking through the original Codex Debord...
Escoffier: I... wanted to see if there was anything I'm missing. Something I hadn't noticed before, that might explain why Savanna's so desperate to get her hands on it...
Escoffier: But I can't find anything. It's just some hastily scribbled recipes in between diary entries from Modeste's adventuring phase... and most of it's not even legible anymore.
Escoffier: The copy I gave her not only has all the recipes in full, but even includes my own private tips and notes from years of experience... Surely that's infinitely more useful than this old thing?

Option 1:

> Traveler: For her, it's probably not about how useful it is...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...And more an issue of head chef's pride.

Escoffier: Yeah, maybe... Still, it's just hard for me to imagine that the Savanna I knew would go to all this effort just to make a point.
Traveler: ...Were you two friends?
Escoffier: We were... At least, I always thought we were.
Escoffier: She was a little shy, but meticulous with everything and everyone she dealt with. She made a few mistakes here and there, but she was quick to correct them whenever they were pointed out, and she was always striving to improve as a chef...
Escoffier: Those qualities are why I recommended her to replace me as head chef... I never imagined for one second that she'd cause Firmin and the other staff so much grief.
Traveler: It sounds like you feel... partly responsible?
Escoffier: ...
Escoffier: ...Ahem! Well, I mean to an extent, of course. I pushed hard for her to get the role.
Escoffier: And the idea that she turned out like this because of me is... difficult to come to terms with...
Escoffier: *sigh* I wonder if this is how Modeste felt, back when he was writing the Codex?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Speaking of Modeste...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Didn't he have a falling-out with someone as well?

Escoffier: Yes, with his good friend and co-founder of the Hotel Debord, Savelli.
Escoffier: The story goes that after Modeste unveiled his Gateau Debord and was hailed as a culinary genius, he was admired and adored by all... But his newfound fame slowly drove him and Savelli apart.
Escoffier: Unlike Modeste, whose every new creation was an instant hit, Savelli seemed to face setbacks at every turn. Doors that would swing wide open for Modeste would shut in Savelli's face.
Escoffier: And with Modeste being whisked off to all manner of functions by his celebrity friends, he had less and less time to discuss the culinary arts with Savelli.
Escoffier: People started gossiping about Savelli, and the relationship between the two gradually soured...
Traveler: So what happened to them, ultimately?
Escoffier: ...Everything came to an abrupt end when Modeste, still in the prime of his life and still hailed as a genius, suddenly died from an acute illness.
Escoffier: And that was it. They neither had a decisive split, nor got the chance to properly reconcile. Their story just... came to an end.
Escoffier: One rumor had it that Savelli actually killed Modeste out of jealousy, even as the latter was hoping to make amends...

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Is it true?

Escoffier: Unlikely — it's a popular theory, but there's no real basis for it. At least, there are no records of Savelli ever being convicted of a crime.
Escoffier: Still, beyond a point, there's no way of knowing what truly happened in the past... All we can do is try to make sure the present doesn't go quite as badly.
Escoffier: And that's why I have to win this contest tomorrow! Then get the truth about everything that's been going on, even if it means cracking her open like a nut!

Option 1:

> Traveler: With me on the team, there's no way we can lose.
> Escoffier: Really? Well, I like the confidence. Don't let me down tomorrow, then. You'd better bring your A game.

Option 2:

> Traveler: With you on the team, there's no way we can lose.
> Escoffier: Hehe, you're right about that! Just follow my lead, and victory will be ours!


## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Paimon: Huh? Is that Navia over there? It's been a while, let's go say hi!

### Free Talk 2

Navia: Escoffier? Could this mean...? Hmm...
Paimon: Huh? You know that name, Navia?
Navia: Yeah... Let's stick to the plan and go back to the Fleuve Cendre for now. That's where we'll find Escoffier anyway.

### Free Talk 3

Paimon: Paimon doesn't see Monica and Savanna anywhere... Guess they went back to the kitchen?
Navia: We'll only complicate things even more if we go looking for them now. Let's head to the Fleuve Cendre.

### Free Talk 4

Diner A (Customers in Spirited Discussion): Wait, she looks like... Is that Escoffier?
Diner B (Customers in Spirited Discussion): Escoffier's back? Yes! I've missed her cooking!
Diner C (Customers in Spirited Discussion): I was just saying, Hotel Debord is nothing without her...
Diner A (Customers in Spirited Discussion): You can't match Escoffier's talent!

### Free Talk 5

Monica: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!

### Free Talk 6

Navia: ...Escoffier, are you sure this is a good idea? You accepted her terms a little hastily...
Escoffier: Oh, it'll be fine. Let's head back to the Fleuve Cendre so I can get prepping.

### Free Talk 7

Navia: I've always called it "chopping stuff up," not "mise en place"... But it's basically the same thing, right?
Escoffier: Oh, Navia... The difference in your case is that "mise en place" is chopping stuff up WITHOUT sending juices flying all over the kitchen!

### Free Talk 8

Paimon: Custom-made equipment from the Fontaine Research Institute, huh... That's some pretty hi-tech food prep. Paimon's never used anything this weird before— Uh, cool! Not weird!

### Free Talk 9

Escoffier: Slowly... and carefully... Not a drop too much, and not a drop too little...

### Free Talk 10

Escoffier: Ahem... that didn't count! I was... experimenting!
Escoffier: (Get with it, Escoffier! Everyone's watching...)

### Free Talk 11

Paimon: Phew... That was a dream come true... Paimon never knew Fontainian cuisine could be this good...