# Missing title (4220531823)

Unknown Role (None): About the Shogun puppet...

Unknown Role (None): That puppet was built with technology that has been lost to time. Perhaps she, as a god, is the only one privy to the knowledge of its origins...

Unknown Role (None): Still... there is one other thing on this topic that I suspect you may be curious to know.

Unknown Role (None): Before Ei began modifying her own godly form, she took it upon herself to create a prototype puppet...

Unknown Role (None): So... you mean there are three Raiden Shoguns!?

Unknown Role (None): No, the prototype was merely a proof of concept. Its appearance and intellect were not based on Ei. It was a test.

Unknown Role (None): The original plan was for Ei to simply discard it. But perhaps Ei thought this to be too cruel, because in the end she chose only to seal the power within it.

Unknown Role (None): Later, this puppet wandered Inazuma as an ordinary human male with his own consciousness, until... the Fatui took an interest in him.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, not the Fatui!

Unknown Role (None): Some eccentric geniuses in the ranks of the Fatui made adjustments to the prototype, not only unsealing his power, but very likely rendering him even more formidable than his original specifications.

Unknown Role (None): Surely you don't mean...

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm. The object of divine creation is the one who has now taken possession of the Gnosis... and the prototype puppet is now known as "The Balladeer."

Unknown Role (None): What in the... What a crazy story!

Unknown Role (None): It is, isn't it? Who can say whether it's coincidence or destiny.

Unknown Role (None): About the former Raiden Shogun...

Unknown Role (None): I'm surprised an outlander like you is aware that there was once a change of Electro Archon... Few citizens of Inazuma are aware of this.

Unknown Role (None): Morax told us. He said that the Electro Archon, Baal, has passed away...

Unknown Role (None): Yes. The truth of the matter is that there were two twin gods, Baal and Beelzebul.

Unknown Role (None): ...Twin gods?

Unknown Role (None): They won the Archon War together, and when Baal established the Shogunate, Beelzebul became her Kagemusha, or "shadow warrior." In other words, she acted as Baal's body double.

Unknown Role (None): Beelzebul is Ei, with whom we are now both acquainted. Baal's name was "Makoto."

Unknown Role (None): As far as the world was aware, there were not two, but one. They complemented each other, and they ruled Inazuma jointly. So there was no need for the public to know the truth.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, the name "Baal" and the title of Raiden Shogun was understood to refer to both of them, right up until—

Unknown Role (None): Until what?

Unknown Role (None): Makoto died several hundred years ago in a war that I was not personally involved in. Since then, Ei has assumed the Shogunate.

Unknown Role (None): Losing her sister must have been super hard on Ei...

Unknown Role (None): Several hundred years ago...

Unknown Role (None): Khaenri'ah...

Unknown Role (None): That was when Ei began to change. Makoto was her greatest loss.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon feels like she understands Ei a lot better now after finding that out... So, what kind of god was Makoto?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't spend a great deal of time with her, but my impression was... she was a gentle god, who in each moment cherished the beauty of what was before her.

Unknown Role (None): Wow...

Unknown Role (None): #About my {F#brother}{M#sister}...

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I haven't a clue. I am also unfamiliar with the god you describe.

Unknown Role (None): But if you still have doubts about Ei, I would say they are misplaced.

Unknown Role (None): Not only does she not fit your description, but she voluntarily gave up her Gnosis long ago, severing her ties with Celestia in the process.

Unknown Role (None): Having met her, I don't believe she was the one.

Unknown Role (None): That's good to hear. Otherwise, given that I am her familiar, it could have made our relationship rather awkward, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, we aren't looking to pick a fight with you!

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe... I wish you the best of luck. May you soon discover the truth behind it all.

Unknown Role (None): #As for your sister's whereabouts, I will use all the resources at my disposal to investigate it, and I will also borrow some of Ayato's people from the Shuumatsuban.

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you know if I find out anything. Consider it part of my means of thanking you.

Unknown Role (None): About the next stop on my journey...

Unknown Role (None): After leaving Inazuma, hmm... I think it would be easiest for you to go to Sumeru.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, ooh, Sumeru! We've run into loads of scholars from there on our journey so far.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, well, Sumeru is the land of the God of Wisdom, where the quest for wisdom and knowledge is never-ending.

Unknown Role (None): But their obsession gives rise to some truly inexplicable things. For example...

Unknown Role (None): In Sumeru, knowledge is holistically managed as a resource.

Unknown Role (None): Knowledge... is a resource?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I don't know whether it was the sages or Lesser Lord Kusanali who came up with the idea.

Unknown Role (None): Lesser Lord Kusanali? That's a cute name.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you haven't heard? "Lesser Lord Kusanali" is the deity in whom the people of Sumeru place their faith. It's their chosen term of endearment for her.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure you must have some things to discuss with her, too. I wish you all the best.

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions.

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure? Okay then. Oh, Traveler, do you still have the omamori I gave you?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. I'll keep it in a safe place.

Unknown Role (None): Keep it safe? Is that all you intend to do with it?

Unknown Role (None): There was me thinking that you might hang it around your neck to show off to the world, telling everyone who inquired that it was given to you by none other than Yae Miko, the wise and beautiful.

Unknown Role (None): Who in their right mind would do that!?

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe... Okay, I'll stop. Now, a question for you. Traveler, what is your ambition?

Unknown Role (None): #To be reunited with my {F#brother}{M#sister}, I guess?

Unknown Role (None): I see... But that is merely a small goal, based on what preoccupies you here and now.

Unknown Role (None): Your ambition should be something that transcends the world below and the starry sky above. Something that shines in unison with fate itself.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the reason you do not possess a Vision is that such an ambition has yet to be engendered within you... It's a possibility.

Unknown Role (None): Continue on your journey and maybe that moment will come to pass.

Unknown Role (None): ...Did that all get a little heavy for you? I think you prefer me when I'm just teasing you, don't you? Hehe...