(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1017)

# A Toast to Victory


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): #Good morning, Traveler! Looks like you're awake.

Unknown Role (None): Yep yep!

Unknown Role (None): Good morning, Collei.

Unknown Role (None): I prepared some breakfast today. Please have a taste! I hope you'll like it.

Unknown Role (None): It's nice to have you here so we can eat something yummy!

Unknown Role (None): Well, now that I've recovered from Eleazar, I'm feeling better than ever. I can even prepare four or five meals a day now!

Unknown Role (None): And Paimon bets they're all delicious!

Unknown Role (None): You enjoy a yummy breakfast with Collei, who's been waiting for you...

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, by the way, Traveler, someone brought a letter for you after you went to sleep last night.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hasn't already read it?

Unknown Role (None): Nope, Paimon wanted to read the letter with you after you woke up, so Paimon didn't open it. Alright, let's read it now!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's from Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): Ahem~ "We're going to hold a feast at the Grand Bazaar and celebrate Cyno's reinstatement as the General Mahamatra!"

Unknown Role (None): "As heroes of Sumeru, please be sure to attend. I'll wait for you." The date of the banquet is written on the back... It's in two days.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I've also heard that you've become heroes here as well. That's amazing!

Unknown Role (None): It's really not that amazing.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone's aware of your abilities, there's no need to be modest.

Unknown Role (None): We were just doing our part.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes I'm really envious of strong and confident people like you.

Unknown Role (None): But you're amazing too, Collei.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're embarrassing me... Hehe.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's go to the Grand Bazaar to have a look!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, before you leave, be sure to inform Master Tighnari.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Today's the big day! Let's go to the Grand Bazaar and see how the celebration's coming along.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Tighnari~!

Unknown Role (None): Good morning. How do you feel today?

Unknown Role (None): We feel much better. How about you?

Unknown Role (None): How's your wound, Tighnari?

Unknown Role (None): I'm recovering well, thanks for asking.

Unknown Role (None): But from the looks of it, you seem to be already busy with work again.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, I'm not that busy, really.

Unknown Role (None): The Eleazar patients have recovered, as well as Haypasia. For now, I only need to tend to my Forest Watcher duties.

Unknown Role (None): It seems once Irminsul started getting better, everything else started to recover, too!

Unknown Role (None): Yes, but there are still some residual effects.

Unknown Role (None): The Withering is one example. Though it won't spread anymore, the existing zones won't just disappear. We Forest Rangers will still need to do the work.

Unknown Role (None): I appreciate that's a lot to ask.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, we have some good news. Cyno got his position back!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, this news is hardly new. He had already mentioned it to me before.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You mean he was already here? Why didn't he come say hi to us...?

Unknown Role (None): He visited once, but he was afraid of disturbing you while you were resting. He just asked me a few questions and left.

Unknown Role (None): Then you probably already know all about the celebration feast!

Unknown Role (None): Celebration feast? No, I haven't heard anything about that.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... But didn't Nilou say in her letter that they would celebrate Cyno? He didn't tell you?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, perhaps... or, alternatively, he doesn't know about it, either.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Come to think of it, Cyno doesn't seem like the type who'd enjoy a celebration feast.

Unknown Role (None): I guess Nilou's only planning on telling him once festivities are underway.

Unknown Role (None): You and Collei are both Cyno's close friends. Why don't you come to the feast with us?

Unknown Role (None): Collei has taken over some of my tasks these days. I don't think she'll have time for it... not to mention me.

Unknown Role (None): You see, some "VIPs" have come to the forest recently.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? VIPs? Very important Paimons?

Unknown Role (None): Well, technically speaking, they are former VIPs. The sages involved in recent incidents have begun their training in the Avidya Forest, and the people they had previously imprisoned have all been released.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): Is your master all right?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. He's a little weak, but he isn't injured and his condition is stable.

Unknown Role (None): Lesser Lord Kusanali in her boundless mercy has decided to spare Azar and the other wrongdoers. Supposedly, they were ashamed of their shallow ideologies, and have decided to dedicate the rest of their lives to cultivating wisdom in the Avidya Forest.

Unknown Role (None): When they learned that Lesser Lord Kusanali had defeated The Balladeer and saved Irminsul, they were shocked at first, but also became happy, feeling that the sacred light guiding them on the path of discovering wisdom had begun to shine once again.

Unknown Role (None): As a result, work has increased for the Forest Rangers.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds really exhausting...

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing we can do, really...

Unknown Role (None): But that's another topic. Back to the matter at hand — are you two planning to head out?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right! We're here to request permission to head out. Would that be... okay?

Unknown Role (None): You've recovered well. You may go, but be careful.

Unknown Role (None): Yay! Will do!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, there won't be any problems if the feast starts at that time. Everything has already been prepared.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Zubayr, I've finished tallying things up here! Well, except for the guests...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Is a simple reply really that much to ask of our guests? It's affecting our arrangements.

Unknown Role (None): It'll be fine... Besides, it never hurts to get things ready in advance.

Unknown Role (None): Haha. I was thinking the same thing. The feast will be held sooner or later, right?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Nilou~!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): We got your letter, so here we are!

Unknown Role (None): You're the best. The other guests haven't even replied yet...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Are we the only ones that have arrived?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I had someone deliver letters to all of our guests, but maybe everyone is still busy with other things.

Unknown Role (None): Look, I get it, Sumeru is in an extremely important period of transition right now, but even if your friends are important figures, they shouldn't just ignore your request like this.

Unknown Role (None): Nilou is Sumeru's number one celebrity, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, you're right.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, you have no idea how happy I am to talk to people with good taste.

Unknown Role (None): If you consider enjoying Nilou's dance as having good taste, then almost everybody has good taste!

Unknown Role (None): Because Paimon thinks everybody will love her performance.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! We all think she's amazing, too.

Unknown Role (None): Nilou is an absolute favorite among those of us who frequent the Grand Bazaar. For outlanders, you have a great eye!

Unknown Role (None): Master Zubayr, let's have a vote for the most outstanding audience members next time. I think these two may win!

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense. It is not for us to determine the value of an audience.

Unknown Role (None): But indeed, we could try giving gifts to people with particularly good taste... I heard there's a device in Fontaine called a "Kamera" that can record people's appearances as pictures. Such pictures would make superb gifts...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, good idea! I wonder where we can find one...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you guys are so funny. There's really no need for that. I'm satisfied just being able to perform here.

Unknown Role (None): There's always a lot going on at the Grand Bazaar.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and that's why I love it here.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon, could you help confirm if the letters were actually delivered?

Unknown Role (None): If for some reason they didn't receive the letters, then please tell everyone that there will be a feast here!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, we'll go around and check.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we can also check out how everything in Sumeru is going now.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know where everybody is?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... When I wrote the letters, I heard that Dehya was in Port Ormos, and Alhaitham was at the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): As for Cyno, we've only heard that he appears at the Akademiya from time to time...

Unknown Role (None): I'm not too sure about Rahman's whereabouts. My guess is that he's with Dehya.

Unknown Role (None): As for Dunyarzad, I just hope she's feeling better... I sent her a letter, but I was afraid of disturbing her. If you have time, please ask about her for me.

Unknown Role (None): #Okay, got it. Let's go, Traveler!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... we haven't seen Alhaitham anywhere. Let's ask that person over there.

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, hey there! Have you seen Alhaitham around?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it seems Scribe Alhaitham has gone to the House of Daena. You should be able to find him there.

Unknown Role (None): But, you're already the second group of people I've seen looking for him today. He must be quite the busy man.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Who else was looking for him?

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Kaveh was just here asking about him. You wouldn't believe how terrible their relationship is... and now you two are here...

Unknown Role (None): Don't tell me everyone's here looking for gossip about the sages?

Unknown Role (None): No, not at all.

Unknown Role (None): No way, we're strictly here on business!

Unknown Role (None): *ahem* Ah, I see. Sorry, I thought maybe everyone's as interested in rumors about the sages as I am...

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Alhaitham should be around here somewhere, right?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, he's over there! But it looks like he might not have time for us...

Unknown Role (None): He's already talking with someone else.

???: Just put down that worthless book and tell me what happened in the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): This is not just some worthless book. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a physical book like this in Sumeru?

???: It doesn't matter, it's probably just another thing that you used your authority to get your hands on anyway. Just put it aside. Listen, I came back today only to hear that the sages have disappeared!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You sound surprised. I thought you would already know the inside story.

???: Would I be here asking you if I knew? You're the Scribe, not me. So just tell me what you know already!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I almost became a sage.

???: Huh?

Unknown Role (None): Don't sound too surprised now. You're the renowned Kaveh, light of the Kshahrewar. Besides, as a master builder and craftsman, chances are you'll be appointed as a sage, too.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmph. Why do I feel like you don't really mean it?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, what makes you say that? Why would you question my heartfelt sincerity?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe it's because you've never said anything good about me before.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, well, I share a similar sentiment. And anyone who knows you as well as I do would surely do the same.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, you...!

Unknown Role (None): See!? This is why I hate discussing anything with you. Your ridiculous and arrogant attitude always gets in the way!

Unknown Role (None): Hm, it seems that you really can't stand my personality.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, what was your first clue?

Unknown Role (None): Well, then you might as well move out of my house.

Unknown Role (None): Are you threatening me? Stooping to a new low, I see!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, and don't change the subject. You? A sage? What a joke. The Akademiya might as well just close tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): ...Are they... having a fight...?

Unknown Role (None): Let's see how this plays out. We're not in a rush, anyway...

Unknown Role (None): Forget what's going on with the Akademiya, haven't you been busy with your construction project? Tell me, when are you going to build yourself a mansion?

Unknown Role (None): Don't get me started... I get angry just thinking about it.

Unknown Role (None): So, what great building did our master architect work on this time?

Unknown Role (None): Like I need to tell you! Keep your nose out of my business.

Unknown Role (None): No, I think we deserve to know. Where were you when Sumeru needed you most?

Unknown Role (None): I was in the desert for a large project, but considering Haravatat's utter ignorance of architectural and aesthetic matters, you probably wouldn't understand.

Unknown Role (None): Which is truly unfortunate! I can only pity the man who doesn't understand the first thing about beauty and romance. Unlike a true...

Unknown Role (None): Hold on, wait a second, what do you mean by "when Sumeru needed me most"?

Unknown Role (None): Well, while you were out fiddling around in the desert, many people came together to save Sumeru from a crisis.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, and you think I'd believe that?

Unknown Role (None): Look, all you really need to know is that Azar and all his accomplices have all been overthrown.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What nonsense are you talking about?

Unknown Role (None): It's no skin off my nose if you don't believe me. It's not like my Darshan was the one trying to apply for funding from the Grand Sage. Yours, though, on the other hand...

Unknown Role (None): You know what? I'll ask around! I'm sure someone knows what's going on here. You're dead if I find out you're lying to me.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Alhaitham!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you two. What's the matter?

Unknown Role (None): We're running some errands for Nilou. Have you received her letter?

Unknown Role (None): Letter?

Unknown Role (None): Nilou said she sent out a letter inviting everyone to a celebration feast in two days at the Grand Bazaar. We'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra.

Unknown Role (None): If she addressed the letter to "Alhaitham of the Akademiya," then the letter should have gone to my office.

Unknown Role (None): I've been busy these days, so I haven't had time to check for any new mail at my office. I only now have some free time to attend to personal matters.

Unknown Role (None): Have you always been so busy with your work?

Unknown Role (None): Of course not. I'm only busy these days because several sages have been dismissed recently, and the whole Akademiya was practically turned upside down.

Unknown Role (None): Tighnari told us they all went to train in the Avidya Forest. Apparently they'll spend the rest of their lives there.

Unknown Role (None): That is already the best possible ending for the likes of them.

Unknown Role (None): Four of the Six Great Sages were possessed by their desire for power and attempted to create a new god. In order to pull it off, they even imprisoned the other two rational sages. To imagine such things could take place in the Akademiya... I don't know where to begin...

Unknown Role (None): "The Six Great Sages"... sounds pretty powerful.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you're right. Huh, it feels kinda strange to hear them called that after all this time... But then again, the "Six Great Schools" sounded pretty impressive, too.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, at least that's how they're supposed to sound.

Unknown Role (None): It's said that when the Akademiya was first founded, the Dendro Archon herself established the Six Great Schools, each representing one of the six different types of wisdom.

Unknown Role (None): Numerous Darshans have sprung up and faded. Only the Six Darshans, attaching themselves to the Six Great Schools, have stood the test of time and obtained permanent seats in the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): Now, the Six Darshans are nearly synonymous with the Six Great Schools, and the leaders selected for the schools are the Six Great Sages.

Unknown Role (None): Among the Six Great Sages there is one central leader, the Grand Sage.

Unknown Role (None): So who's managing things in the other four schools now? Do they need to find someone new?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Normally, new sages are selected based on a strict set of criteria.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, didn't you just say something about becoming a sage? If they pick you, then we'd have a huge connection in Sumeru!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has a point!

Unknown Role (None): Yes, about that... *ahem* You didn't let me finish my sentence.

Unknown Role (None): The person in charge of personnel affairs nominated me to be the Grand Sage in place of Azar and help Lesser Lord Kusanali manage the Akademiya, but... I refused.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? But... Why!? Ugh, can't you be a little more ambitious?

Unknown Role (None): I'm not even interested in being one of the Six Great Sages. Like I said before, I don't like being a leader.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, all right. So are you busy these days trying to find others to take the job?

Unknown Role (None): That's not my job, either. I'm only responsible for handling important affairs within the Akademiya before the new sages take office.

Unknown Role (None): So you're still a leader now, even if it's just temporary.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, and the first thing I'll do is reject Kshahrewar's application for funding.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, who was that other person just now? Is he your friend?

Unknown Role (None): Do we look like friends?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't know! That's why Paimon's asking!

Unknown Role (None): His name is Kaveh, my roommate. You could say he's the representative for Kshahrewar scholars.

Unknown Role (None): He didn't seem to believe a word you told him.

Unknown Role (None): Which is exactly why he always has so many problems.

Unknown Role (None): So everything that's happened recently must be a huge change for the people of Sumeru...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your hard work these days.

Unknown Role (None): Such is the work of the Akademiya Scribe.

Unknown Role (None): Well anyway, no matter how busy you are, since you were our planner, remember to attend the celebration feast in two days!

Unknown Role (None): All right, I'll see you there.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, only the sages from Vahumana and Amurta remain now. They were imprisoned for opposing Azar and were only rescued after Azar's downfall.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): The House of Daena is the last quiet place in the whole Akademiya now. I was originally planning to stay here a little longer...

Unknown Role (None): But there's a chance that Kaveh might show up again... Tch, what a nuisance. I'd better go somewhere else.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): This is Port Ormos, now where could Dehya be...?

???: Is that Paimon I hear?

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while, how are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): Dunyarzad! It's been so long since we've seen you!

Unknown Role (None): We're good. How about you?

Unknown Role (None): I'm doing well. I can go as far as saying I've never been happier in my entire life!

Unknown Role (None): I don't know if you've heard, but Eleazar has completely disappeared, and all the patients have recovered.

Unknown Role (None): You kidding? Knowing them and the connections they've got, I'm sure they've heard about it.

Unknown Role (None): Dehya!

Unknown Role (None): Didn't expect to see you here.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. My lady is feeling better now, so I'm accompanying her for a walk.

Unknown Role (None): Why do you still call me that, Dehya? You've already informed my father of your resignation.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I guess I'm just used to calling you "my lady." Old habits die hard.

Unknown Role (None): Resignation? You mean you're quitting?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I might start losing my edge if I keep being a bodyguard for the Homayanis.

Unknown Role (None): You know that my parents and I are fond of you and that we appreciate you very much. It wouldn't be a problem if you wished to continue to be our bodyguard.

Unknown Role (None): Heh, I'm not a woman that's easily persuaded. You should know that by now, my lady.

Unknown Role (None): When I took this job, I had already decided that I'd quit as soon as you recovered. It's time for me to get back out there and chase that horizon.

Unknown Role (None): So what're you gonna do now if you're not gonna be a bodyguard anymore?

Unknown Role (None): I want to take a risky job and put my body to the test again.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? But we literally just finished one of the most dangerous jobs ever. Are you getting bored already?

Unknown Role (None): I know. If I hadn't joined in that plan with you, I wouldn't have come up with this idea.

Unknown Role (None): I guess I still get fired up by that feeling of going all-out in a fight... It made me realize that I'm still a mercenary through and through.

Unknown Role (None): Life is short, and I'm happy I got to be a part of that operation.

Unknown Role (None): But the whole thing also made me realize that there are still many problems in Sumeru, and as a desert-dweller, I'm still not completely ready to settle down on this side of the wall.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I remember a friend had someone bring you a message...

Unknown Role (None): You mean Alhaitham? Haha, I didn't expect him to still remember that. I thought he was joking.

Unknown Role (None): We just came from talking with Alhaitham at the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): Did he tell you that he suggested that I come work at the Akademiya?

Unknown Role (None): ...What!?

Unknown Role (None): We didn't hear anything about that.

Unknown Role (None): I heard that Azar and his cronies fell from power, and Alhaitham told me that now was a good time to find a job in the Akademiya, but only if I wanted to.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... Paimon can't see you being anything other than a mercenary.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, me neither. But I think Dehya would look great dressed up as a scholar.

Unknown Role (None): Bleh, forget about it. I wouldn't last ten seconds in there...

Unknown Role (None): Alhaitham probably just liked the way I worked and knew I'm good in a fight, so he suggested I find some work in the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): But you know, if you take him up on the offer, Cyno might actually agree and let you become a matra.

Unknown Role (None): Because you're super amazing!

Unknown Role (None): Haha. The matra have all the talent they need as long as they have Cyno. I prefer to be free to live however I choose.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, I chose this job from the very start because I knew it'd be right up my alley.

Unknown Role (None): ...Even if being a mercenary means facing all kinds of danger?

Unknown Role (None): A lion has to return to the wild sooner or later. If anything, being your bodyguard has been unfamiliar territory for me.

Unknown Role (None): I don't want to see you go... But I'll respect your decision.

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad to hear you say that.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, no need for the sad face, it's not like we'll never meet again.

Unknown Role (None): I guess being free is just a part of how Dehya operates.

Unknown Role (None): Once the whole Dendro Archon thing has settled, everything in Sumeru will take a turn for the better. That makes me happy, too.

Unknown Role (None): But a peaceful society will probably mean less demand for mercenaries like me. Before long, we'll be a dying breed, so I'd better get to work while I still can.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? But wait a second, you make it sound like you're leaving now!

Unknown Role (None): Well, no... not yet, at least. I promised my lady that I'd stick around until next week.

Unknown Role (None): So have you been in Port Ormos this entire time? We were wondering if you had received a letter from Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, did Nilou write to us?

Unknown Role (None): She heard that you were seen in Port Ormos, so she sent the letter here.

Unknown Role (None): It was probably sent to the inn that we're staying at.

Unknown Role (None): My lady has been very energetic lately and keeps taking me on hikes, staying out even into the night. By the time we get back, the receptionist is usually off napping on the job.

Unknown Role (None): Right, and we tend to leave quite early in the mornings, so the old man on duty is also usually dozing off...

Unknown Role (None): So what it really sounds like is that the person on duty is always asleep.

Unknown Role (None): I bet the letter's at the reception desk. I'll go check later.

Unknown Role (None): No wonder there wasn't a reply, you never received the letter. Good thing Nilou asked us to come and check on that.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, sorry to make you two come all the way out here.

Unknown Role (None): It must be something important for Nilou to specifically write to us like that.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, she said they're preparing a victory feast in the Grand Bazaar, and we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra. She was hoping you could come.

Unknown Role (None): Great. I'll be sure to attend!

Unknown Role (None): Count me in, too. But is there some sort of dress code or anything for the feast? Can I just show up looking like this?

Unknown Role (None): Since it's being organized by Nilou, I don't think she'll be too picky about that. If anything, I think she'd want to see us as our most natural selves.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then this is how I'll show up.

Unknown Role (None): The feast will be held in two days, so don't forget!

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much for letting us know. We'll see you there!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, by the way, do you happen to know where Cyno and Rahman are?

Unknown Role (None): The General Mahamatra always comes and goes without a trace. Normally, no one knows his whereabouts.

Unknown Role (None): Oh...

Unknown Role (None): But last time we met, he mentioned he had something to do in Aaru Village. You can try your luck there.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Dehya.

Unknown Role (None): Don't mention it. You'd better get going.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, on to our next stop!

Unknown Role (None): As for Rahman, your guess is as good as mine. I only remember he said that he had something to discuss with Cyno... You can ask Cyno when you meet him.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while since we last visited Aaru Village.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, there's Cyno!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while.

Unknown Role (None): What brings you here?

Unknown Role (None): We recovered well, and Tighnari agreed to let us leave, so now we're out and about again!

Unknown Role (None): It seems Gandharva Ville's medical treatment is still as good as ever.

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm, and Tighnari is recovering well, too.

Unknown Role (None): That's good to hear.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for taking us to him.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you're the one who brought us to him when we lost consciousness, right? Thanks for that!

Unknown Role (None): You're welcome. Tighnari has excellent medical skills, and Collei is quite attentive. It was the best place for you.

Unknown Role (None): But why are you just standing here like a dead tree?

Unknown Role (None): I'm meeting some people.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean Candace?

Unknown Role (None): I've already talked with Candace and the village chief. They're still at the usual place. You can go there if you'd like to see them.

Unknown Role (None): But you know one of the people I'm meeting as well.

???: Oh? By King Deshret's blessing, my friend suddenly appears in the desert. Don't tell me you've run into trouble and need us to help now.

Unknown Role (None): Rahman! And... huh? Setaria?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You... know me?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, well... You're pretty famous in the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, these are our friends. No need to be so guarded.

Unknown Role (None): ...I see.

Unknown Role (None): How have you been doing lately?

Unknown Role (None): I'm doing well. Many good things have happened recently.

Unknown Role (None): Same here. Really, I feel that my whole life has started to shine after suddenly finding a new direction.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, tell us everything!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you go ahead!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, well I suppose I should start by saying...

Unknown Role (None): I've decided to leave the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): You're not going to be a scholar anymore?

Unknown Role (None): It's not that I've given up on being a scholar... Instead, you could say I've found a new identity.

Unknown Role (None): I will no longer pursue research like a typical scholar, but I have not completely given up on my relationship to knowledge either.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I can see what you're saying now.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, what do you mean?

Unknown Role (None): I plan to leave the Akademiya and return to teach here in the desert.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, so you want to become a teacher?

Unknown Role (None): Setaria will return to support education here and teach people from the desert.

Unknown Role (None): She can't teach everyone on her own, but there are many of us Eremites all over Sumeru. She came to discuss a collaboration with me and hoped that I could bring her ideas to the Eremites.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it's my hope that the Eremites can help me select a group of smart people with the best aptitude for teaching. I'll teach them, and after they've finished learning from me, they can go educate more people.

Unknown Role (None): That is the true meaning of education and spreading of knowledge.

Unknown Role (None): The people of King Deshret suffer from sandstorms, exile, and ignorance. Miss Setaria is more than welcome to come teach here. Her arrival is like a star shining in the desert night.

Unknown Role (None): The stars have always guided caravans, thieves, soldiers, and travelers who get lost in the night. They lead those in the dark out of trouble and back to safety.

Unknown Role (None): Oh please, where's all of this coming from? I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed...

Unknown Role (None): You deserve these compliments. Mercenaries are accustomed to danger and don't fear death, which is why we recognize extraordinary actions that common people would easily overlook.

Unknown Role (None): Setaria's idea will bring much good to many people.

Unknown Role (None): At first, I feared it was destined to fail... Everyone knows that the Akademiya doesn't allow scholars to teach in the desert without permission.

Unknown Role (None): As you know, all knowledge is under their surveillance and control, and very few desert-dwellers are as lucky as me...

Unknown Role (None): But what I heard at that time has been haunting my heart, as if there were lightning bolts constantly bombarding my soul.

Unknown Role (None): "Setaria, you tread a treacherous path, and the longer you ignore it, the tighter the Akademiya's grasp on you will become..."

Unknown Role (None): "Setaria, why haven't you gone home?" "Never forget that the desert that belongs to you lies elsewhere."

Unknown Role (None): Miss...

Unknown Role (None): These words sparked something in me, and I knew that I had to bring something back to my people after going home.

Unknown Role (None): I gathered up the courage to approach the Grand Sage, only to find that he was no longer at the Akademiya. Lord Cyno told me that Azar didn't belong there anymore.

Unknown Role (None): Azar has received much-needed punishment, though if you ask me, it may have been too light... *sigh* You probably have already heard.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we heard.

Unknown Role (None): Lord Cyno helped me obtain permission to leave the Akademiya for the desert, and accompanied me here to discuss collaboration with members of the Eremites.

Unknown Role (None): My plan was able to go smoothly thanks to him and Rahman.

Unknown Role (None): You're all doing so much for the desert!

Unknown Role (None): Aside from that, I also have some other business to discuss with Cyno.

Unknown Role (None): Lesser Lord Kusanali has allocated many resources to support and develop the desert. I've done some business for her, and part of it required the assistance of the Eremites.

Unknown Role (None): I applied for a few batches of educational materials from the Akademiya and sent them to several groups in the desert, as instructed by Lesser Lord Kusanali. I believe the people will make good use of them.

Unknown Role (None): That's exactly what the people here need. Physical books and other related items... If it weren't for Cyno and Lesser Lord Kusanali, I'm afraid we'd never be able to get our hands on them.

Unknown Role (None): Apart from this, the Akademiya is also recruiting scholars that are willing to teach in the desert. I'll let you and Setaria know as soon as I have any more news.

Unknown Role (None): We must be persistent about this and maintain these resources to ensure long-term effectiveness.

Unknown Role (None): This is the first time in hundreds of years we've had a glimmer of hope. I think this may be the turning point for the desert.

Unknown Role (None): Remember these words? "Here lies our faithful priest, Kasala. His wisdom is a miracle among the people, deserving of high praise and admiration."

Unknown Role (None): I hope people with wisdom like that priest will rise again among the desert-dwellers... then we'll once again see the wisdom and glory that once shook the world.

Unknown Role (None): Enough about us, are you here to discuss some business, too?

Unknown Role (None): No, not at all! We're actually here on behalf of Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): Nilou wanted to write to everyone, but she wasn't sure where the letters should be sent, so she asked us to come find everyone personally.

Unknown Role (None): A celebration feast will be held in two days at the Grand Bazaar. She hopes that all of you would be able to attend.

Unknown Role (None): At the feast, we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra!

Unknown Role (None): Although uh, judging from your appearance, it seems you've already been reinstated... Paimon thought you would only start working for the Akademiya after the feast.

Unknown Role (None): Celebration... feast?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So you really didn't know?

Unknown Role (None): It's the first I've heard of it.

Unknown Role (None): Tighnari was right, he really didn't know...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, this feast is for you, Cyno. Sounds to me like you'll have to be there.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): It's rare to see that kind of expression from Lord Cyno... You must not like feasts very much.

Unknown Role (None): No, not really, but I'll go.

Unknown Role (None): You two are invited as well!

Unknown Role (None): I still have a lot to handle here. Besides, I need to look after Miss Setaria in the desert, so I'll have to pass.

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid I won't be able to join you. Although, if you'd be so kind... please give a message to Miss Nilou for me.

Unknown Role (None): ...The message is...

Unknown Role (None): "I'm sorry for how I treated you before, but now I understand the beauty of your dance. It's like a light shining in the sky."

Unknown Role (None): "You and the art you symbolize are not only beautiful, but also lively and powerful, so much so that it was prohibited."

Unknown Role (None): "Please keep dancing, and someday, I'll be able to appreciate your art in person."

Unknown Role (None): Okay, we've got all that down!

Unknown Role (None): We'll be sure to give the message to Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): Our job here is complete as well. Cyno, remember, party's in two days! Make sure you're there!

Unknown Role (None): Got it.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): I'll go to the Adventurers' Guild later and ask Miss Katheryne if she knows how to get one of those Kameras.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, please do. I'm sure the audience would be thrilled at the chance of receiving commemorative gifts.

Unknown Role (None): It could be our special surprise that we prepare for everyone.

Unknown Role (None): I think it's an amazing idea! Who knows, if we take more pictures, they might even become the signature souvenir of the Grand Bazaar.

Unknown Role (None): And Nilou will become even more famous, haha! It won't be long till people are fighting for front row at your performances.

Unknown Role (None): I've heard that this Kamera is not just something anyone can use as they please. It must be aimed properly and subjects should pose for the best results.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, should we get ready then? Perhaps we should wear something a little more appropriate...

Unknown Role (None): No, no, I think we look absolutely fine! If anything, when we pose for this... uh, clever invention, we should just be ourselves, hm?

Unknown Role (None): You really think so...?

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Everybody's already here. Looks like we're the last ones to arrive.

Unknown Role (None): You're here.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, there you are!

Unknown Role (None): Good evening.

Unknown Role (None): Well, look who finally decided to show up.

Unknown Role (None): You look like you came here immediately after finishing up some work. I'm very happy to see you here!

Unknown Role (None): But we're not late, are we? It's just that everyone else arrived ahead of time!

Unknown Role (None): I propose that the last one who arrived be put in charge of today's speeches.

Unknown Role (None): Nah, there won't be any speeches today.

Unknown Role (None): Oh really? Well, even better.

Unknown Role (None): Come join us over here! Let's share some great food and drinks, and chat about all sorts of fun things.

Unknown Role (None): Everything looks quite good.

Unknown Role (None): #Wow... Paimon can't wait! Traveler, just look at all the delicious food here!

Unknown Role (None): The feast and celebration of the General Mahamatra in the Grand Bazaar goes as planned. Drinks are flowing, the food is delicious, and the venue is beautifully arranged.

Unknown Role (None): Everybody eats and drinks before enjoying the performance prepared by Nilou and everyone in the Grand Bazaar...

Unknown Role (None): Time passes gradually in the wonderful atmosphere, and the beautiful evening feels almost like a dream.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa~! It's so delicious! Oh~! This grilled meat tastes amazing!

Unknown Role (None): The food was specially prepared for you by everyone in the Grand Bazaar, and we have gifts that were sent by the residents of Sumeru City when they heard we were holding a feast.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone that came said that you saved Sumeru, and wanted me to thank you all on their behalf.

Unknown Role (None): Feels kinda nice to be seen as a hero. I could get used to this.

Unknown Role (None): Being a bodyguard is also a hero's job! You've always been amazing, Dehya.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, my lady sure has a way with words. Thanks, I'm glad to hear it!

Unknown Role (None): And I'm happy to meet everyone that participated in the great plan.

Unknown Role (None): Don't mention it.

Unknown Role (None): Come to think of it, we've really done something impressive together... It's unbelievable!

Unknown Role (None): We owe it to our abilities... and luck.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Why do I remember everybody thinking that luck was against us and feeling like we hardly had a chance of succeeding?

Unknown Role (None): That's how I remember it, too.

Unknown Role (None): It's luck that brought us together and it was luck that let us form a team. Then it took even more luck for us to formulate a plan and implement it successfully.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, judging from the results, everything worked out well.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, everyone gave it their all when it mattered most.

Unknown Role (None): It was almost like a performance. We took the stage and put on our best show.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone played their part, and thanks to everyone's efforts, the performance was a great success.

Unknown Role (None): So would you say we're good actors too?

Unknown Role (None): That's one more talent under our belt.

Unknown Role (None): It's such a blessing that Lesser Lord Kusanali was able to return to power at the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): Yes! Even after being abandoned and neglected so many times, she has finally returned.

Unknown Role (None): Return to the Akademiya? Abandoned and neglected...?

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm, Lesser Lord Kusanali once used all her power in a great disaster, which resulted in her losing all of her wisdom and memories of the past. The Akademiya basically abandoned her because of it.

Unknown Role (None): This should be something everybody should remember... Huh, you look surprised... I didn't say anything wrong, did I?

Unknown Role (None): No, everything you said is correct.

Unknown Role (None): Whew, that's good.

Unknown Role (None): Something wrong?

Unknown Role (None): #Yeah Traveler, what's with that face? You knew all of this already!

Unknown Role (None): Don't mind me, my... my mind was elsewhere.

Unknown Role (None): *ahem* Even if those two giants of the Akademiya are here, I still have to say it...

Unknown Role (None): Those sages really have some nerve. Five hundred years ago, Lesser Lord Kusanali used all her power for the people of Sumeru, and what did they do in return?

Unknown Role (None): (It seems that after everyone forgot Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, their understanding of Sumeru's history also changed...)

Unknown Role (None): (Now everyone believes that Lesser Lord Kusanali has been Sumeru's archon all along.)

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe I'm the only one in all of Teyvat who remembers that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata ever existed.)

Unknown Role (None): (As the witness of all that happened, I shall respect her choice and keep the secret for her.)

Unknown Role (None): If you bite the hand that feeds you, then don't act surprised when it turns into a knuckle sandwich, right, Cyno?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps I shouldn't say this, but their treatment of Lesser Lord Kusanali calls for a more severe punishment.

Unknown Role (None): You could simply tell Lesser Lord Kusanali that you wish to have Azar and his accomplices severely punished.

Unknown Role (None): ...I respect our deity's decision, and won't interfere in any way.

Unknown Role (None): While we're on this topic, why didn't you accept the Akademiya's invitation to become the Grand Sage?

Unknown Role (None): Are you trying to say that I'm fit to be a sage?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, not at all, but every person handling the selection process has said that you are the most suitable candidate to lead the Akademiya right now.

Unknown Role (None): Why? Because he dethroned Azar from power?

Unknown Role (None): *ahem* Could you try to put it another way? This is a good thing, yet you're making it sound like I overthrew Azar for my own personal gain.

Unknown Role (None): But seriously though, I always wondered if you had some personal motives behind it.

Unknown Role (None): I did have my own motive, but it had nothing to do with being a sage.

Unknown Role (None): If the rules of our nation were suddenly cast by the wayside, then it wouldn't be long until chaos ensued. I had no intention of letting their dreams disrupt my life.

Unknown Role (None): By that, you mean your life working as the Akademiya's Scribe?

Unknown Role (None): Precisely.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait, is that all?

Unknown Role (None): So that's the only reason why you joined us and came up with all those plans?

Unknown Role (None): It's reason enough.

Unknown Role (None): You've certainly got quite the personality...

Unknown Role (None): You flatter me.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, how about you? You've already resumed work as the General Mahamatra, right?

Unknown Role (None): That's right.

Unknown Role (None): Will you be happy with that life?

Unknown Role (None): ...It's not about being happy. There are merely a lot of things that I must do.

Unknown Role (None): Even so, keep your spirits up and try to be happy, okay? And try to smile more every day, just like I'm doing now.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I'll keep that in mind.

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): My lady, the grilled meat over there is delicious. Have you tried it?

Unknown Role (None): Yes! I also tried some fruits just now. They're very sweet.

Unknown Role (None): What an amazing place to relax. No wonder everybody likes to rest at the Grand Bazaar.

Unknown Role (None): You said it. Oh, look who else is here.

Unknown Role (None): Hello, I'm so happy Nilou invited everybody. Now I have a chance to meet all the heroes.

Unknown Role (None): My pleasure, I'm glad we could come.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, less of that polite chit-chat and more eating and drinking. The feast is about having fun, not stuffy formalities!

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): I seldom participate in such lively gatherings, but the atmosphere here is quite good.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. I thought you might find it boring.

Unknown Role (None): No, this gathering today has a unique meaning.

Unknown Role (None): The Grand Bazaar is lively because the people here feel happiness from the bottom of their hearts, unlike the farces at the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): That happiness is an emotion that'll be forever alien to those bookworms who have driven themselves insane by studying.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hm, I seem to have taken both keys when I left the house.

Unknown Role (None): Heh, oh well.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, there you are, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Well, how is it? Are you enjoying the feast today? If there's anything you're unhappy with, just let me know. I'll be sure to take note of it.

Unknown Role (None): It's great, thanks for inviting me.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... That's good.

Unknown Role (None): It's the first time I've ever invited so many exceptional people to one place. I was a little nervous myself.

Unknown Role (None): You see, every guest here is quite extraordinary. It's unbelievable that we got everyone to gather here... almost like a fairy tale.

Unknown Role (None): Make sure you live it up tonight! I'll be happy as long as you're enjoying yourselves.

Unknown Role (None): We have a message to tell you.

Unknown Role (None): You tell Setaria's message to Nilou...

Unknown Role (None): I'm honored to have her think of me this way. If I have a chance in the future, I would really like to invite her to one of my performances.

Unknown Role (None): #I can't explain why, but I just feel elated right now! Thank you, Traveler!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): The atmosphere here is good, and everything is delicious.

Unknown Role (None): It must be rare to see you at such a lively gathering.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah.

Unknown Role (None): I don't often come to such places, but it feels quite good.

Unknown Role (None): I have a lot to handle these days. Otherwise, I could show you around.

Unknown Role (None): It's alright, don't worry about us.

Unknown Role (None): There's always next time. We're friends, after all.

Unknown Role (None): ...This feast is pretty good. I like it.

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what's wrong? Your head is starting to droop...

Unknown Role (None): I'm suddenly a little sleepy...

Unknown Role (None): Feels like I'm about to nod off...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you can't just fall asleep here! Paimon will go find something delicious for you to eat. You'll wake up once you've put something yummy in your tummy!

Unknown Role (None): Really?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Just wait here for Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): (Is it because I didn't sleep well last night that I feel sleepy all of a sudden? Or is it because I'm too full...?)

Unknown Role (None): (Huh? It seems like someone is there...)

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it's me.

Unknown Role (None): (Nahida, it looks like my consciousness is connected to yours again.)

Unknown Role (None): Mhm. You may blame me for being a bit too self-indulgent. I was thinking about talking with you, and the next thing I knew, I had made a connection with you.

Unknown Role (None): The connection between us is amazing! It's like flora and the fence it grows upon.

Unknown Role (None): (Is there anything you need from me?)

Unknown Role (None): I heard there's an amazing celebration feast today at the Grand Bazaar. I wanted to have a look for myself, so I snuck in.

Unknown Role (None): Lately, I've been so busy dealing with all the fallout from recent events, so I really haven't had any free time...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, although you've already helped me with a lot, there's still one more thing I hope you can help me with.

Unknown Role (None): (What is it?)

Unknown Role (None): Please say thank you to everyone for me.

Unknown Role (None): (Ah, so that's what this is about... Nahida, it'd be better if you could do that yourself.)

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Is it not convenient for you to do that for me?

Unknown Role (None): (Some things in this world must be done by yourself.)

Unknown Role (None): But, if I just show up all of a sudden... people will become all quiet and stiff, won't they?

Unknown Role (None): What if I end up scaring them and ruining this wonderful feast... That'd be the last thing I want.

Unknown Role (None): (It'll be fine. Please don't worry too much!)

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Let me think about it...

Unknown Role (None): ...Okay!

Unknown Role (None): (Have you made up your mind?)

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I have.

Unknown Role (None): (That's good... Wait? Huh!?)

Unknown Role (None): You said I should go thank everyone as myself, right? So...

Unknown Role (None): I've decided to borrow your body for the time being. Please don't blame me. The flora also climbs up the fence to get closer to the sky.

Unknown Role (None): (Then at least promise me you won't say anything weird when you're in my body!)

Nahida: Everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Are you awake now? Paimon was just about to bring you the food!

Nahida: It's me.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, that voice... Nahida!?

Unknown Role (None): #Hold up! What's going on, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect to have a conversation with the consciousness of Lesser Lord Kusanali in the Grand Bazaar. Interesting. Is this also a part of the feast?

Unknown Role (None): No, no, of course not! Are you... Lesser Lord Kusanali?

Nahida: Hello, Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): You know who I am!?

Nahida: Yes, I already know every one of you. Nilou, Alhaitham, Cyno, Dehya, Paimon, and Dunyarzad.

Unknown Role (None): Lesser... Lord Kusanali...?

Nahida: #I took the liberty of occupying Traveler's body so that I could thank all of you in person.

Nahida: Thank you so much for rescuing me, even if that meant placing your own safety in peril, and taking the risk of becoming enemies with the Akademiya, the Sages, The Doctor, The Balladeer, and even the entirety of Sumeru.

Nahida: Without you, without any of you... I would have been in a much more difficult situation.

Nahida: Had you not helped me to resolve the crisis, not only I, but Sumeru and even the entirety of Teyvat, would've suffered great misfortune.

Nahida: People refer to you as "the heroes who managed to rescue a god." I am quite fond of this name. It not only explains your identities, but also bears witness to your relationship with me.

Nahida: Please allow me to present to you my most sincere gratitude.

Unknown Role (None): Lesser Lord Kusanali, y—you've done so much for Sumeru, and I... I didn't even have a chance to do anything for you... You don't have to do this.

Nahida: Dunyarzad, the suffering you endured during your illness is also proof of you being with me and praying for me. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): You don't need to be so ceremonious... It's always been my duty to protect you.

Unknown Role (None): This is how the relationship between the Akademiya and Dendro Archon should be. We just did what was necessary and set things back on the right path.

Unknown Role (None): You're an archon, but you act so humble. You really don't need to be so polite with us.

Unknown Role (None): I... I'm honored to have been able to take part in this plan! I hope you liked the dance I dedicated to you!

Nahida: ...Thank you, all of you. Thank you so much.

Unknown Role (None): (See? Just like I said, everybody is very happy to meet you.)

Nahida: ...Yeah!

Unknown Role (None): Nahida shows up for a surprise visit and brings the feast to its climax. Sincere joy flows in the hearts of everyone present.

Unknown Role (None): A warm atmosphere of talking and laughter carries on late into the night...

Unknown Role (None): And the feast ends on a perfect note.

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Are you awake? Did you rest well?

Unknown Role (None): I think... I slept alright.

Unknown Role (None): After Nahida left, you ate a lot of food. You've become a glutton!

Unknown Role (None): Still nothing compared to Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. That just means you still have a lot to learn from Master Paimon, the Sage of Gluttony!

Unknown Role (None): All right. Since you're awake now, should we go and have a chat with Nahida?

Unknown Role (None): She should be in the Akademiya right about now. If you have any questions, now's your chance to ask.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Nahida!

Unknown Role (None): Hello, Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): What a fantastic night. I'm still immersed in all the happiness and joy, like a candle floating on water.

Unknown Role (None): So are we, and that's why we're here to talk with you!

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything you want to know?

Unknown Role (None): About the Akasha...

Unknown Role (None): After recent events, the Akasha can no longer function as it used to.

Unknown Role (None): I've given it some thought, and have decided to shut it down permanently.

Unknown Role (None): But this is definitely not a bad thing. Even from the beginning, I've been planning to shut it down.

Unknown Role (None): The Akasha's centralized administration of knowledge has always restrained people's curiosity and curtailed the number of paths available to them. I don't think this is good for Sumeru.

Unknown Role (None): Although people may initially feel a little uncomfortable with the loss of the Akasha, they will soon understand that this life is more suitable for them.

Unknown Role (None): And as for the future of Sumeru... I'm preparing to regain control of the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): The former sages have received their punishment, but the new sages have yet to be selected. I will oversee the process personally.

Unknown Role (None): I hope that the new Six Great Sages will be more focused on academics. Sumeru needs such leaders more than ever.

Unknown Role (None): The other big issue is the people of King Deshret — all the residents of the desert, in fact. They have been mistreated for far too long.

Unknown Role (None): I've already taken some measures to address this. It will take some time to rebuild everything, but no matter if it's culture, friendship, or trust... we will rebuild it.

Unknown Role (None): About what happened after I fell asleep that day...

Unknown Role (None): You mean, what happened after The Doctor put you to sleep?

Unknown Role (None): Did he take the Gnoses?

Unknown Role (None): You guessed correctly... The top-ranked Fatui Harbingers, up to No. 3, possess power comparable to that of gods. I was no match for him in that kind of situation.

Unknown Role (None): However, in spite of the bad situation, I still managed to make a fair deal with The Doctor.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure you remember the entity that changed your fate — the Heavenly Principles.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, the Heavenly Principles has been quiet since the Khaenri'ah disaster five hundred years ago. I used this point as leverage against The Doctor.

Unknown Role (None): I told him that the Heavenly Principles may be awakened if I destroyed a Gnosis. Although it was just a bluff, he still fell for it.

Unknown Role (None): I assumed that the Heavenly Principles wouldn't just stand by and let such extensive damage to its "laws" take place.

Unknown Role (None): And as for what I exchanged for the Gnoses...

Unknown Role (None): The exchange served as both punishment for The Doctor, as well as a boon of new knowledge that I couldn't refuse as the God of Wisdom.

Unknown Role (None): About The Balladeer...

Unknown Role (None): He's still in a coma. I've hidden him like how one would hide a feather.

Unknown Role (None): I know you have many misgivings about him, but as someone who had "become a god," he has retained a number of very useful features.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't do any evil.

Unknown Role (None): In addition, there are still some mysteries left in him. Some things may be very clear from my perspective, but he has still yet to understand them himself.

Unknown Role (None): His future will be determined by fate.

Unknown Role (None): About Fontaine, the next stop on my journey...

Unknown Role (None): Is that where you're headed next? Fontaine, the nation of justice.

Unknown Role (None): As far as I know, that nation operates on a judicial system.

Unknown Role (None): Does their archon personally judge people?

Unknown Role (None): No, there's a Chief Justice in Fontaine. Generally speaking, the Hydro Archon, Focalors, won't preside over individual trials.

Unknown Role (None): However... even then, Focalors will still make herself present at just about every trial. It seems that she just likes to immerse herself in that sort of atmosphere.

Unknown Role (None): As archon, she still reserves the right to influence the final verdict.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's just say she's got... hmm... a very unique personality.

Unknown Role (None): I've got nothing else to say.

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure? Isn't there something else that you haven't asked about yet?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You mean...

Unknown Role (None): #About... your sister.

Unknown Role (None): #While you were resting at Gandharva Ville, I took some time to perform an Irminsul search for information on your sister.

Unknown Role (None): But... we both came from beyond the sea of stars.

Unknown Role (None): #There shouldn't be any information on her in Irminsul.

Unknown Role (None): #Yeah, isn't Irminsul a repository for all the information and memories of Teyvat? So there shouldn't be anything on him or his sister.

Unknown Role (None): #This is true in your case, Traveler. Irminsul indeed does not have any information on you.

Unknown Role (None): However...

Unknown Role (None): #There must be something different about your {F#brother}{M#sister}... because as it turns out, the world has recorded information on {F#him}{M#her} after all.

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): !?

Unknown Role (None): #There's only one possible explanation: She belongs to this world.

Unknown Role (None): #(How is that possible? We journeyed the sea of stars all our lives until we came here. How could she possibly hail from Teyvat...?)

Unknown Role (None): #(Things don't add up. Is there something wrong with my memories? Or is it this world that has done something to her...)

Unknown Role (None): But... nothing about this makes any sense. Wasn't this your first trip to Teyvat?

Unknown Role (None): Do you have any further intel?

Unknown Role (None): #Do you know what she has been through?

Unknown Role (None): According to the records I was able to access, your sibling suddenly appeared in Khaenri'ah...

Unknown Role (None): #After the Khaenri'ah disaster, she began her journey through the seven nations of Teyvat.

Unknown Role (None): #But just as her journey was about to reach its conclusion, the Irminsul records on her suddenly become fuzzy...

Unknown Role (None): #What do you mean, "fuzzy"? Did something happen to her?

Unknown Role (None): #All I know for sure is that somebody, for reasons only they can know, is deliberately obfuscating {F#his}{M#her} fate...

Unknown Role (None): And whoever it is... if they can do that, who knows what else they're capable of.

Unknown Role (None): Could it be related to... the Abyss?

Unknown Role (None): #But even that wouldn't explain how {F#he}{M#she} somehow comes from this world...

Unknown Role (None): Something else I noticed was that according to these records, the Fatui have not classified your sibling as one of the "Descenders."

Unknown Role (None): Descenders?

Unknown Role (None): ...What's a Descender? Paimon's never heard of it...

Unknown Role (None): Look, I'm sure you must be curious about the information I received from the Fatui in return for my Gnosis, right?

Unknown Role (None): A very important part of the intel was about this world's Descenders... external beings, ones that don't belong to this world.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, you are Teyvat's "Fourth Descender."

Unknown Role (None): Fourth...?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? So the Fatui count three other Descenders before Traveler? And his sister isn't even one of them?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.

Unknown Role (None): As for the other Descenders... I still need to verify their existence. It could take me some time.

Unknown Role (None): Whew... Paimon's head's about to burst from all this crazy new information...

Unknown Role (None): And yet, even knowing all this, I'm sure you must still have a lot of unanswered questions. I must say, I truly regret that I can't help you more as the God of Wisdom...

Unknown Role (None): There are many questions in my heart as well. I will need some time to go through each one of them.

Unknown Role (None): Same here... I'll need some time to reflect on what you've said.

Unknown Role (None): And soon, you'll also begin your journey anew, and depart from Sumeru.

Unknown Role (None): I'm very interested in your future. It's a journey that can't be observed or recorded by this world...

Unknown Role (None): If fate is the ultimate knowledge, then your future will be the ultimate fate.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's sure glad we got to meet you, Nahida.

Unknown Role (None): The pleasure is all mine... I can't thank you enough.

Unknown Role (None): All right, that's enough talk for today. If you ever miss me, just close your eyes — and maybe I'll appear in your dreams~

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Everything has been getting better lately, and my mood has been improving as well.

Unknown Role (None): You can come find me anytime if you need anything.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for looking after us.

Unknown Role (None): You're welcome, I was just doing my duty. Remember to talk to Master Tighnari before you leave.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to ask about?

Unknown Role (None): How's Haypasia?

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, thank you for remembering her. She continued her training in the forest after she recovered. As a scholar, she never slacks off.

Unknown Role (None): Great.

Unknown Role (None): A lot has happened lately. Collei and I have been busy, but don't worry, we'll take care of ourselves.

Unknown Role (None): As for Cyno's reinstatement, the more I think about it, the more I suspect that he just doesn't have a single clue about this feast.

Unknown Role (None): But this does remind me that Collei and I should find an opportunity to celebrate him as well. He has helped me a lot during this time.

Unknown Role (None): And you as well, thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Don't mention it.

Unknown Role (None): Take care. Please find me if you need anything.

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Azar has gone to the Avidya Forest to reflect on himself for the rest of his life, and those people say they want you to replace him as the Grand Sage? What have you done!?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, whoa, whoa, Azar's downfall is of his own making. What does it have to do with me?

Unknown Role (None): Everyone out there is saying something different. Some say Azar wanted to create a god, while others say he wanted to sell his power...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, but none of these sound very likely. If you ask me, I think the people spreading rumors around here don't have access to any real information.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Then I'm sure you can use your abilities to uncover the truth for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Can't you show just a little respect to your senior and explain what's going on!?

Unknown Role (None): You were out there all this time and yet you still haven't managed to learn a single crucial bit of information. Heh, I'm impressed.

Unknown Role (None): Fine. Apart from the leaders of Amurta and Vahumana, all the sages have been exposed and removed as Azar's accomplices. We need to select new sages for your Kshahrewar Darshan as well as my Haravatat Darshan.

Unknown Role (None): What? Did my Darshan collude with Azar as well? Wait... could this be why they sent me out on a project?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I think that's just a coincidence. Besides, whatever you were doing won't have any significant impact now or in times to come.

Unknown Role (None): You... Hmph! Listen here, I'm not buying any of it. Don't try to use this as an opportunity to talk about your crazy theories.

Unknown Role (None): I think there are a few details that everyone is overlooking... For example, how as the Scribe, you were somehow able to escape this political crisis completely unscathed...

Unknown Role (None): This can easily be seen as the results of a power struggle, no? Yet nobody has stopped to point that out yet... I almost feel like I should go out and start telling people about that!

Unknown Role (None): Be my guest, but I think everybody will be more interested in your own well-known gaffes.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know what? I am done with you!

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): After recovering from Eleazar, everything seems so different to me. When I look at the scenery I've visited before, it has a completely different feeling.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you need to be stronger than an ox to take life by the horns.

Unknown Role (None): I think I've heard you say something like that before, but today, I finally understand what you mean!

Unknown Role (None): Is there any place you'd like to go? I can accompany you, I've got time.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... What if I tell you I want to go to the desert?

Unknown Role (None): Fine by me!

Unknown Role (None): If we go to the desert, I can introduce you to my friends there. But we should prepare and get everything we need before setting off.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go! I'll go pack my luggage now. After we're done with the feast in two days, we can go have fun in the desert!

Unknown Role (None): You can count me in!

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, our preparation has been going smoothly these days. Can such good things really be happening in the desert? It's almost hard to believe...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, even if you can't bring yourself to believe it, you should at least believe in those of us who are working hard to make it a reality.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Take it one step at a time. There is still a long journey before you.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, what heartwarming words.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, it's good to see you again. Cyno said you were resting in Gandharva Ville for some time. How are you feeling now?

Unknown Role (None): I've fully recovered now.

Unknown Role (None): Good to hear. I'm happy that you've returned safe and sound.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for all that you've done. The villagers won't be exaggerating when they say, "Heroes once passed through our village."

Unknown Role (None): If you ever have time, please come visit Aaru Village again. I still want to go hunting with you.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Behold, everyone! Allow me to present you with our best show ever!