(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1021)

# When All Return to the Waters


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Let's see what's written here... Nothing escapes Detective Paimon's eyes!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, Callas... Navia's father! This seems to be an investigation report on him.

Unknown Role (None): It's probably related to his and Jacques' case.

Unknown Role (None): Mhm... hmm... Yep, it's about finding someone to assassinate Jacques and Callas, because of a lack of confidence that Jacques himself would go through with it...

Unknown Role (None): This should prove the existence of the "third person," right?

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... "We have still not determined the exact content of the key information Callas has passed on to certain members of his organization."

Unknown Role (None): "The old dog's a real menace to deal with. Even if he abides by the promise he's made to us, he will still have the upper hand."

Unknown Role (None): "He can act whenever he wants to make our lives miserable. The only option left is to remove him from the picture entirely."

Unknown Role (None): "I concur. Let's send someone to kill him. He won't declare war as long as we don't touch Navia."

Unknown Role (None): Seems like we've got a bunch of correspondence between the higher-ups...

Unknown Role (None): They planned this well in advance.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* They're all just so evil...

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Now that Navia has set out for Erinnyes, we should also get going!

Unknown Role (None): The location has already been marked on the map, so let's head over.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): According to Melus' info, the Sinthe production base is underwater...

Unknown Role (None): Let's go and try to find the entrance!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Now that Navia has set out for Erinnyes, we should also get going!

Unknown Role (None): But the place Melus mentioned seems to be underwater... How are we supposed to get there?

Unknown Role (None): Let's see if we can figure something out.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): On the day of the murder, Spina di Rosula hosted a large banquet in a countryside estate owned by the Confrerie of Cabriere.

Unknown Role (None): During the banquet, all attending guests heard two gunshots from the courtyard.

Unknown Role (None): When the guests arrived at the scene, they found the primary suspect, Callas, holding a gun, while his acquaintance, Jacques, lay dead from a gunshot wound.

Unknown Role (None): The Gardes' investigation did not recover any other firearms from the scene. As a result, they concluded that the suspect's first shot must have missed, while the second must have taken Jacques' life.

Unknown Role (None): The suspect did not dispute this conclusion, and also declined to defend himself in court. Instead, he chose to prove his innocence through a duel.

Unknown Role (None): Callas was defeated by Champion Duelist Clorinde in the ensuing duel, and soon succumbed to the injuries.

Unknown Role (None): These are the known facts about the case.

Unknown Role (None): A pile of clothing was found at the scene. The Gardes once believed they were used by Jacques as a costume to disguise himself...

Unknown Role (None): But now, it is clear that the clothes were proof that there was a third person at the scene, and that they were turned into water after committing the murder.

Unknown Role (None): Since it was raining that day, the culprit was confident that they could use the rain to wash away all traces of their dissolved accomplice.

Unknown Role (None): The testimony of the victim's family confirms that Jacques had thoughts of assassinating Callas when he set out for the banquet.

Unknown Role (None): However, in the end he reconsidered, and instead shared everything with Callas, hoping to seek the latter's protection.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately for Jacques, the true culprit had already considered this possibility, and had sent out another assassin.

Unknown Role (None): This assassin first shot Jacques, then turned to shoot Callas, only for Callas to wrestle the gun from him and kill him instead.

Unknown Role (None): Realizing this, the true culprit caused the hired assassin to dissolve into water, leading everyone to believe Callas was responsible for Jacques' murder. This is the true version of events.

Unknown Role (None): (Something's not right... Let me think for a little while longer.)

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, there's so much Sinthe here! And so many bottles of ingredients that probably just contain the Waters of the Primordial Sea...

Unknown Role (None): There are so many...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... "Mixing-in-Progress" ... "Ready-To-Drink" ... "Stock Sample" ... Huh, they've also got all the Sinthe pretty clearly labeled.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, there's even fruit-flavored Sinthe!?

Unknown Role (None): Well, that definitely proves that this is where they produce Sinthe.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, it's super obvious!

## Talk 8

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400205 could not be retrieved

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Phew... After all that, we finally made it to the innermost sanctum.

Unknown Role (None): Though as expected, the mastermind isn't here...

Unknown Role (None): If I'm not mistaken...

Unknown Role (None): He's being charged by Navia as we speak.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, that's right! Then let's hurry up and find some evidence so we can get back to the Opera House and help Navia!

## Talk 10

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400207 could not be retrieved

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): We've looked at almost everything here, and it seems like our theories were spot on! But...

Unknown Role (None): Who really is this "Vacher"...?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we haven't found anything that reveals his true identity...

Unknown Role (None): No wonder even Neuvillette wasn't able to find anything... Whoever it is probably destroyed everything to do with that name a long time ago...

Unknown Role (None): That way, even if we bring all of this back to the Opera, we won't be able to identify the true culprit.

Unknown Role (None): Clever...

Unknown Role (None): But maybe not clever enough. Let's look again.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing! Paimon won't admit defeat to this guy either!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): You take that side, and Paimon will take this side. Check everything carefully! We'll find something for sure!

Unknown Role (None): After some time...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, nothing at all! And Paimon can't even find snacks either!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon, I found it.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, really? Let Paimon see!

Unknown Role (None): "Vigneire"... Isn't that Vacher's lover's name?

Unknown Role (None): Then, you found her diary? Let's see...

Unknown Role (None): Aw, it's just a normal diary chronicling their love story. She was so sweet too, Paimon feels even worse for her now...

Unknown Role (None): Take a look at this page.

Unknown Role (None): She made a list of baby names.

Unknown Role (None): So many... A whole page's worth! But they're all crossed out. Was she unhappy with all of them?

Unknown Role (None): The final name she decided on was...

Unknown Role (None): "Marcel"!?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, but Marcel's pretty old... Has this case been going on for so long that he's Vacher and Vigneire's grown son?

Unknown Role (None): I've figured it out.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): H—Hey! Paimon still hasn't figured it out yet!

## Talk 13

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400216 could not be retrieved

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): And whose image do you see, Marcel?

Unknown Role (None): Is it a man named "Vacher"?

Unknown Role (None): ...!?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So you do know that name.

Unknown Role (None): I'm merely surprised you'd suddenly say the name of someone I've never even heard of.

Unknown Role (None): I was waiting for you to say that.

Unknown Role (None): Naviaaaa! We're baaaack!

Unknown Role (None): As expected of my partner! I just knew you'd return in the nick of time!

Unknown Role (None): Just how often do you intend to flout the rules of this court...

Unknown Role (None): It's alright, Monsieur Neuvillette. Given their confidence, I expect they've found the crucial evidence.

Unknown Role (None): You say you've never heard of Vacher...

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Monsieur Neuvillette, what's going on? Shouldn't he have been cleared already?

Unknown Role (None): Apologies, this is also the first time I've encountered such a situation. However, according to the rules established at the conception of Fontaine's court system, the Oratrice's judgment is the final verdict of the court.

Unknown Role (None): All I do is follow court procedure. As for why the Oratrice arrived at the conclusion it did, you should probably ask someone more knowledgeable than me.

Unknown Role (None): If even the Chief Justice doesn't know...

Unknown Role (None): ...Then we have no choice but to ask the Archon herself.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Wh—Why are you looking at me? I had nothing to do with it...

Unknown Role (None): I—I don't know what happened there, either... H—Hey, stop staring at me...

Unknown Role (None): ...What does Lady Furina mean by that?

Unknown Role (None): She says she has no idea either? But that's impossible... Didn't she create the Oratrice herself?

Unknown Role (None): ...Yeah, so are the verdicts reliable or not? Can results like this really be called justice?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... My dearest citizens, did you really think we'd allow an incorrect verdict to be handed out in this court? Did you really believe that the judgment could be mistaken, or be the result of some sort of random mishap?

Unknown Role (None): Don't tell me... you thought even I had been blindsided by the Oratrice's result?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... But the way she looked just now, it was pretty obvious she had no idea what was going on...

Unknown Role (None): However, given the state of things, I shall give you an explanation. Everything that just took place — including my supposed shock and bafflement — was a part of an elaborate performance, with every action meant to stir up drama and excitement.

Unknown Role (None): And of course, for every performance, there is a script. Everything has unfolded exactly as I expected from the very beginning. As the embodiment of the very concept of justice, the Oratrice shall never render an arbitrary judgment!

Unknown Role (None): If you thought Childe had nothing to do with the serial disappearances case, it is only because you have been blinded by the superficial appearance of innocence...

Unknown Role (None): Everything he's done, not to mention the danger he poses, are beyond ordinary comprehension and completely unforgivable!

Unknown Role (None): All shall be revealed in time! You will come to understand my noble intentions, as well as the absolute correctness of the Oratrice's verdict. Hahahaha...

Unknown Role (None): ...Now, having said that, although I hate to leave things hanging in suspense, it is now time for this performance to end. As the lead actress, I shall be the first to take my leave. Toodle-oo~

Unknown Role (None): ...So she chose to make her escape after all, did she.

Unknown Role (None): Er... So you're saying we shouldn't put much stock in what she just said?

Unknown Role (None): Mm, she probably just put on that performance to save face. As for the truth, it's unlikely that she actually has any idea.

Unknown Role (None): Way to pull the rug out from under her...

Unknown Role (None): However, please be assured that I will continue to investigate this case in a personal capacity. Just as I promised, if the judgment has been incorrect, we will do our utmost to clear his name.

Unknown Role (None): Alright... Even though we feel pretty badly for him, we'll take your word for it for now.

Unknown Role (None): After all, he's done plenty of bad stuff, so he should have known he'd go to prison someday, right?

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what are you doing!? Quick, stop him!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! Hey! Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Ahh! Marcel, what are you doing over here?

Unknown Role (None): Stop resisting arrest! Cease, or we'll add another charge to the list!

Unknown Role (None): #No, no, wait! I just wanted to ask Traveler something... I'm not looking to run away, please, please just let me ask this one small thing...

Unknown Role (None): ...Go on.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you... Thank you...

Unknown Role (None): I was being led away when I finally realized something... Where did you first hear the name "Vacher"?

Unknown Role (None): I erased all records of that name... So... Unless...

Unknown Role (None): Are you still trying to prove your innocence? Give it up, you've already been convicted.

Unknown Role (None): Yes...

Unknown Role (None): I met "her."

Unknown Role (None): A—Ah... Really? You, you did? You're sure? You met her... But how could that be, how did you manage to do it!?

Unknown Role (None): It was around the Fountain of Lucine...

Unknown Role (None): Something to do with my sensitivity to the Hydro element...

Unknown Role (None): The Fountain of Lucine!? Then... Then she's been so close to me all along!? And I just never...

Unknown Role (None): #Please, please give me a chance to talk to her again, just let Traveler take me to the Fountain to see her one last time... This is the last request I'll ever make in my life, you can do whatever you want to me afterwards, I don't care...

Unknown Role (None): What, give you an inch, and you wanna take a mile? Do you think serial killers get to make requests like that?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, Paimon agrees! Why should we give him what he wants when he's only done a ton of super terrible things?

Unknown Role (None): This request, is it worth as much to you as your life?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Wait, no, it's worth even more than my life...

Unknown Role (None): Humans... will they betray the instinct to live just to satisfy spiritual needs...?

Unknown Role (None): Very well, I will grant your request.

Unknown Role (None): Your Honor, I fear that...

Unknown Role (None): I will go with him. You do not need to worry about any escape.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... In that case, I shall leave him in your most capable hands, Chief Justice.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you... Thank you, Your Honor...

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Is this the place...? You said she's here, but what do I need to do to see her?

Unknown Role (None): Back then, I drank Water from the Primordial Sea...

Unknown Role (None): It heightened my sensitivity to the Hydro element...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and even Paimon could hear her after drinking that thing! Didn't you just drink a lot of it on the stage as well? In that case...

Unknown Role (None): "Vacher..."

Unknown Role (None): !!!

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's it! So you heard it too!

Unknown Role (None): Vigneire, it's me! It's me, Vacher!

Unknown Role (None): "Vacher... Vacher..."

Unknown Role (None): I'm here, I'm here... Where are you, Vigneire? I'm coming for you, I'm finally here for you...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, wait, be careful, hey, waaaaait!

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Vigneire... Is that you? It's me, Vacher... Vigneire...!

Unknown Role (None): Vacher... Why did you come... Didn't I say... You don't need to look for me...

Unknown Role (None): You... You look a lot older than I remember... How long has it been?

Unknown Role (None): It's been... More than twenty years. I've suffered for over twenty years since the day you left...

Unknown Role (None): All this time, only the thought of bringing you back has kept me alive... Nothing else mattered to me...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I must be dreaming... Who would have thought I'd get the chance to tell you all of my feelings like this...

Unknown Role (None): Vigneire... You are my everything... I really don't know... how I could live without you...

Unknown Role (None): But Vacher... If you ask me, this world would be better off without you.

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What are you saying?

Unknown Role (None): If not for you, I would have finished my law degree, and probably become a top-tier attorney one day...

Unknown Role (None): If not for you, I would have continued to pursue my love of the arts, and my works would have been displayed in the Palais Mermonia itself...

Unknown Role (None): If not for you... I would at least have been able to take care of my mother, and she would not have grown old and died alone, with nothing but the tears on her cheeks...

Unknown Role (None): It's all because of your selfishness, Vacher, it's all because of you!

Unknown Role (None): You... Wait, you are not Vigneire... Who are you!?

Unknown Role (None): You're right, I'm not Vigneire... I am... the "sacrifices."

Unknown Role (None): Every woman who died by your hand... as our bodies dissolved, our consciousnesses flowed back to the Primordial Sea.

Unknown Role (None): Our thoughts circulated endlessly within the Primordial Sea, and we were no longer individuals, but we became one, just as streams of water come together in the sea.

Unknown Role (None): I'm Crecy, I'm Lemonie, I'm Aisine...

Unknown Role (None): The only one I am not... is Vigneire.

Unknown Role (None): Why... But then, where is Vigneire!?

Unknown Role (None): She doesn't want to see you anymore... Every tendril of her consciousness is avoiding you.

Unknown Role (None): This is what you get for your selfishness! Your selfishness robbed us of our lives and our futures. You said time and time again that you'd do any and everything for her...

Unknown Role (None): But did you ever consider whether she'd want to see you do the things that you did? If she would despise you for what you became?

Unknown Role (None): I... I...

Unknown Role (None): You are a liar, a heartless murderer, and a cowardly narcissist.

Unknown Role (None): The only thing you're not... is Vigneire's beloved.

Unknown Role (None): From the moment your first victim died, and her consciousness merged with Vigneire's, she has had nothing but pure hatred for you.

Unknown Role (None): (It looks like I didn't meet Vigneire back then either... They must have wanted me to lure Marcel here from the very beginning...)

Unknown Role (None): No... Vigneire, she can't hate me... Let me see her, please, have mercy...

Unknown Role (None): You still don't understand? When I said, don't look for me... That came from the real Vigneire, she really doesn't want to see you anymore...

Unknown Role (None): But on top of that, she also said that because... it's her final drop of pity for you.

Unknown Role (None): She said that because she knew... That if you did come here, "we"... will show no mercy to you...

Unknown Role (None): "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"... "Vacher"...

Unknown Role (None): "Drown."

Unknown Role (None): Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—

Unknown Role (None): Later, the Gardes find that the culprit of the serial disappearances of young women case, Marcel, appeared to have lost his soul.
However, the final report from the physicians states that he died of a massive fright.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Finally, we have some time to do shopping! Gosh, it's really been a long time since we've been able to relax...

Unknown Role (None): Shopping is stressful in its own way, though.

Unknown Role (None): My legs are killing me...

Unknown Role (None): Well met, partner! I knew something great was going to happen when I woke up in such a good mood today.

Unknown Role (None): Even this weather can't put a damper on the Demoiselle's mood.

Unknown Role (None): It's a pleasure to see you both again.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, hey, Navia! It's been a few days, Paimon's already started to miss you!

Unknown Role (None): Oho, now that I believe! I'm easy to work with, and always bring home the bacon; who wouldn't treasure having a partner like me?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, sounds like you're really enjoying life these days, Navia! What have you been busy with since the trial?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, it's just been one thing after the other. I've been making non-stop trips between Poisson and the Court since then...

Unknown Role (None): Everyone from Spina di Rosula organized a memorial for my father. We never held a memorial when he first died, since everyone knew that even if we held one back then, no one was going to come.

Unknown Role (None): This time, though, everyone in Poisson and even many people from the Court all attended.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so his name's definitely been cleared now! That's what we like to hear!

Unknown Role (None): It's been the dearest wish of Demoiselle all along.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha... that blasted stubborn fool, I was right to put my faith in him. I'm so glad I didn't give up on the case all those years ago...

Unknown Role (None): Things turned out as well as they could have.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, by the way... I ran into Charlotte just after I left the memorial service.

Unknown Role (None): Well, maybe it'd be more accurate to say that I knew that she would be there, and there was no way she'd just let me go...

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? So you know Charlotte too? The Charlotte... journalist from The Steambird?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, way back when I first became the president of the Spina di Rosula, she was all over me, wouldn't take no for an answer...

Unknown Role (None): I believe the story was called "The True Heart of Darkness: Secret Tales of the Yellow Rose."

Unknown Role (None): To be fair, though, it was a really flattering feature, hahaha... So we've been on pretty good terms ever since.

Unknown Role (None): She was trying to lean on our friendship to get me to do an exclusive piece on the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah, she told us about that... She's always been super interested in that case, so now, her wish has finally come true too!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I told her to make sure that when she writes about you guys entering the Opera House with the critical evidence that you both sound really cool.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, now that's another thing to look forward to! We trust Charlotte's skills with a pen for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and in other news, I also took Clorinde out for a meal.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Are you two on better terms now?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... While you were investigating Vacher's headquarters, Clorinde gave testimony on my father's behalf.

Unknown Role (None): It was thanks to her that we were able to turn the tide, I wanted to thank her... I mean, there's also no point in being awkward all the time... so, we took the chance to reconcile with each other.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's great! Paimon also thought Clorinde wasn't actually a bad person. It's always good to have more friends.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, now that the case has finally been solved, perhaps it will slowly begin to fade from the public consciousness.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, actually, there's still one last thing I need to do...

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): ...I should pay a visit to my father's grave, and tell him the truth of what happened, as well as how it all ended.

Unknown Role (None): And on top of that, just how much people still look up to him to this day...

Unknown Role (None): ...That includes me, too.

Unknown Role (None): Miss Navia...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

Unknown Role (None): ...Can I come, too?

Unknown Role (None): Mhm, we want to go, too! We also think Callas is a really admirable person.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing. I'd like you two to share the moment with me. After all, without you, there might not have been such a positive ending.

Unknown Role (None): Then in that case, everyone, let's be off. Considering the recent weather, we'll be lucky if we can reach Poisson before dark...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you're right... It's been raining non-stop for a few days now.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Marcel, the head of Confrerie of Cabriere!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What confrerie? Never heard of them in my life.

Unknown Role (None): I've heard of them, but... weren't they Spina di Rosula's sister organization?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh! Is this going to be friends-to-enemies type situation!?

Unknown Role (None): Please let me remind you, Miss Navia, that charging someone is an incredibly serious matter. Committing to the charge also means taking on the legal responsibilities associated with it.

Unknown Role (None): And if the charge fails, depending on the circumstances, you may also be charged with the crime of making a false accusation. Knowing this, do you still wish to charge this man?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I do.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I declare the charge to be valid. Miss Navia and attorneys, please take your places on the court.

Unknown Role (None): Members of the Gardes, please contact Mr. Marcel right away so that he may stand trial.

Unknown Role (None): After some time, a shocked and confused Marcel is brought to the stands.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Marcel, you will not require an attorney, is that correct?

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Apologies, it all just happened so quickly, I still haven't figured out what's going on.

Unknown Role (None): I think an attorney won't be necessary. This is probably just a misunderstanding between me and Navia.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. In that case, since both sides have now arrived, Miss Navia, please present your charges.

Unknown Role (None): I would like to take everyone back to three years ago, to the case of "Callas the Unfaithful."

Unknown Role (None): Only through elucidating what really happened in that case can we connect all the dots for the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): Navia, do you really think I was the one who killed your father?

Unknown Role (None): Come on, why would I do that? Callas was my benefactor, and remember, both you and I only ran to the scene when we heard the sound of a gun.

Unknown Role (None): If that's enough to make me a suspect, wouldn't that make everyone at that banquet a suspect as well?

Unknown Role (None): I, uh... I think there's no point in getting into the specifics right now. The audience doesn't even have the big picture yet. Even I'm... ahem, struggling to remember some details of that case.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly correct, Your Honor. I must refresh everyone's memory about that case before I can explain my charge and reasoning.

Unknown Role (None): I see. In which case, I will recount the findings about that case as originally recorded by Maison Gardiennage.

Unknown Role (None): (The one with the motive to kill was Jacques, not my father, and even so, Jacques still had no reason to pull the trigger.)

Unknown Role (None): (In truth, the third person shot Jacques first, and was shot in turn by my father when my father seized the gun from him.)

Unknown Role (None): (After that, the true culprit turned the third person into water, erasing all traces of him from the scene.)

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for the summary, Your Honor. Of course, the Gardes' conclusion appeared quite sensible to us at the time.

Unknown Role (None): However, we should revisit the case now that we've gained new information about the abilities of Water from the Primordial Sea.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): This is where my father's grave is... To be perfectly honest, even I haven't been back here for a long time.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, there's someone there already... Wait, that figure, it can't be...?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that Neuvillette? Why would the Chief Justice be here... Eh, Navia?

Unknown Role (None): ...Mm?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...My apologies. I should have asked before coming to pay my respects.

Unknown Role (None): Don't say that.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry about that.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I was trying to say there's no need for you to apologize.

Unknown Role (None): I wanted to show my father how much I've grown, but still, I doubt I've grown to the point that even the Chief Justice would feel compelled to apologize to me over and over.

Unknown Role (None): In that case... I will stop apologizing for now.

Unknown Role (None): You really could use some pointers on understanding human emotions, Monsieur Neuvillette...

Unknown Role (None): In any case... why did you come to Poisson?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Well, ever since that day, I've been turning a question over and over in my head... Just what is justice, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): There was once a time when I didn't want to believe that there could be anything more important to humans than life itself.

Unknown Role (None): No, rather than that, it's probably more truthful to say I didn't believe humans were capable of resisting the most basic instinct of living things. That they could rebel against their own nature, or consider certain things to be more important than their own lives.

Unknown Role (None): Which is also why I didn't stop your father from beginning that fateful duel...

Unknown Role (None): I believed that a truly innocent man would never throw away his life like that. That there was nothing... should have been nothing more important than one's own continued survival.

Unknown Role (None): But Mr. Callas proved me utterly and decisively wrong.

Unknown Role (None): If not for his sacrifice, the serial disappearances case would have remained unsolved to this day.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Callas made the choice he did for his daughter, for his associates, and for many people completely unrelated to him...

Unknown Role (None): And in the end, from a certain perspective, one could say that he did it all for the sake of justice.

Unknown Role (None): A justice that is higher than... life itself.

Unknown Role (None): So, you asked me why I came here.

Unknown Role (None): I just wanted to say my apologies to Mr. Callas in person... I should have noticed all of this much sooner.

Unknown Role (None): This regret has filled me with a sadness that has haunted me for days.

Unknown Role (None): That high and mighty chair in the Opera Epiclese indeed insulates one from many important things. Spina di Rosula, thank you so much for your hard work and perseverance.

Unknown Role (None): I... I'm sorry for being mad at you before.

Unknown Role (None): So you're actually... One of those types that's cold on the outside but pretty thoughtful on the inside, huh? That reminds me of Silver, one of my guys...

Unknown Role (None): Sorry about that. Self-expression is not one of my strong suits.

Unknown Role (None): Didn't I just say you don't need to apologize...

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so Navia and Neuvillette seem to have made their peace as well...

Unknown Role (None): Let's not disturb them for now... We can wait until after they're done.

Unknown Role (None): Following Navia and Neuvillette, you also pay your respects to Callas...

Unknown Role (None): Whew... Paimon's never paid respects at someone's grave before, did Paimon do anything rude there?

Unknown Role (None): Well, you're not usually supposed to fly around someone's grave.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Paimon didn't know that was a thing... But... But Paimon doesn't know what she should do if she can't fly...

Unknown Role (None): Nooo... Paimon hopes Miss Navia won't be too mad...

Unknown Role (None): (Wow, she took it seriously...)

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, Neuvillette is still standing around there... It's not often that we can catch him alone like this, so why don't we go talk to him for a bit? If we can't talk to Lady Furina, we can at least talk to him, right?

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Oh look! There's an important-looking basin over here... and it's full of water!

Unknown Role (None): That must be the Water from the Primordial Sea.

Unknown Role (None): That means this is where they make all the Sinthe! And that special water is the main ingredient.

Unknown Role (None): If you dilute it with normal water, you'll get Sinthe, but the pure stuff can dissolve a human...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon will take notes on this incriminating evidence!

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): What's all this... Ah, it's a bunch of really cute things!

Unknown Role (None): Pink accessories, a hair tie, a necklace, even a makeup box...

Unknown Role (None): There's a name, too.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon sees it too. But... why are all these cute things labeled with different girls' names?

Unknown Role (None): They probably belonged to the victims.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? You mean, the girls from the serial disappearances... they were brought here!?

Unknown Role (None): And then, they were turned into water...

Unknown Role (None): And all these boxes of things... these names... that means... This is terrible...

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): What's this over here? Looks like some kind of place for research.

Unknown Role (None): "Experiment number sixteen aims to verify Jakob Ingold's research conclusions on the Primordial Sea, and use his theory as a foundation to achieve a breakthrough."

Unknown Role (None): "The experiment was a failure. No individual managed to resurface from the Water from the Primordial Sea. Female specimens twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four were dissolved..."

Unknown Role (None): Waaaaaah!!!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #Sorry, Traveler, Paimon will try her best! It's just that P—Paimon's never read something so scary before...

Unknown Role (None): How can someone write something that terrible in such a matter-of-fact tone!?

Unknown Role (None): You read the rest... Paimon's too scared to keep going...

Unknown Role (None): The goal of the researcher...

Unknown Role (None): Is to save his lover, a woman called Vigneire, who was dissolved.

Unknown Role (None): So that's why he did all of these experiments...

Unknown Role (None): But did he really think he'd be able to find a way just by dissolving people over and over? That's just insane!

Unknown Role (None): There's another name here...

Unknown Role (None): "Vacher."

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Isn't that the name you heard by the fountain? Paimon thought... he was an eyewitness in the serial disappearances case?

Unknown Role (None): No.

Unknown Role (None): He is the researcher.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... You mean, Vacher is the one who did all of these... ugh, experiments?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. He signed off on a bunch of the experiment reports.

Unknown Role (None): The voice I heard from the fountain was probably Vigneire.

Unknown Role (None): So that's it... Vacher was no victim, but personally took his lover and...

Unknown Role (None): No, that's not it either... If that's the case, why would he want people to resurface from the water?

Unknown Role (None): There must be more to this than meets the eye.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, Paimon will write it all down...

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): But the truth of it, Marcel, is that you've always been Vacher!

Unknown Role (None): Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): We've investigated your lair, and we already know everything!

Unknown Role (None): After your lover, Vigneire, was dissolved, you kept abducting young women to experiment on in hopes of bringing her back to you!

Unknown Role (None): You even created "Marcel" as a new identity, and destroyed all records of your past as Vacher!

Unknown Role (None): So that's it... Even the villains in opera performances rarely go that far...

Unknown Role (None): And with that, Marcel's motive has now been established...

Unknown Role (None): This information regarding your past also dismantles your prior "timing" defense.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Marcel, do you know where you went wrong?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): You fixated your gaze on the lover that passed away, instead of paying attention to the living people around you.

Unknown Role (None): So you never noticed how we changed, or how we grew as individuals.

Unknown Role (None): You also never understood Boss' real expectations for his daughter.

Unknown Role (None): Or our determination to see things through.

Unknown Role (None): Your... determination... Hah... Hahaha...

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Marcel, please speak up now if you would like to defend yourself. Otherwise, the trial will move onto the next stage.

Unknown Role (None): Do you think... Do you really think I wanted to do any of this?

Unknown Role (None): Pay attention to you? What for!? Have you ever paid attention to me? Ever empathized with my pain? Ever known how it feels to watch the love of your life dissolve right in front of your eyes!?

Unknown Role (None): No one helped me — no one even believed me. All those decades ago, even the officers from the Maison Gardiennage were laughing at me...

Unknown Role (None): They said there's no way a human being can turn into water, so I must have gone mad from grief! Vigneire's death was brushed away by all of you as if it didn't matter at all!

Unknown Role (None): Well, now you know, don't you!? Hah, well, it's too late now! All those who were dissolved are gone forever!

Unknown Role (None): You only have yourselves to blame! You set up this ornate opera house in pursuit of your so-called justice, your beloved drama, while turning a blind eye to the suffering of the people!

Unknown Role (None): Vigneire is dead! We promised each other that we would always be together — wherever she goes, I will follow!

Unknown Role (None): But I'm not from this blasted place, so I can't be dissolved, no matter what I do!

Unknown Role (None): H—Hey, is that Water from the Primordial Sea that he's drinking!?

Unknown Role (None): I can't dissolve, can't dissolve, can't dissolve! Hahahaha...

Unknown Role (None): Do you all see? I can't go, I can't follow... So if I can't go where she is, what choice do I have but to try to bring her back?

Unknown Role (None): I did all of that, and in the end, that accursed Callas still got the better of me...

Unknown Role (None): I spent my entire life living on pins and needles, only to get stabbed by his idiot daughter at the very end, ha, haha, hahahaha!

Unknown Role (None): The suspect is exhibiting signs of mental distress. Gardes, please restrain him.

Unknown Role (None): Don't touch me! Don't anybody come near me, I still need to save Vigneire, our promise, we made a promise...

Unknown Role (None): Vigneire, Vigneire...

Unknown Role (None): Please Vigneire, don't think badly of me... All I want is to fulfill our promise...

Unknown Role (None): At this point, the verdict of this trial is clear. With Mr. Marcel's conviction, the charges against Mr. Tartaglia no longer have any basis.

Unknown Role (None): Fine by me. I was in a bad mood, but after a show like that, I'm actually feeling pretty good.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, please submit all the evidence you have collected to the Gardes so that I might review and summarize the truth behind the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): Neuvillette proceeds to review and compile all the evidence and records...

Unknown Role (None): The man now known as Marcel was originally named Vacher, and worked as an adventurer with his partner and lover, Vigneire.

Unknown Role (None): During an underwater expedition, Vigneire accidentally came into contact with Water from the Primordial Sea, and was dissolved in front of Vacher as a result.

Unknown Role (None): Vacher learned of the Primordial Water's existence through the work of others, and began to kidnap young women for research, with the goal of discovering a method to restore Vigneire back to life.

Unknown Role (None): To cover his tracks, he invented the new alias of "Marcel," and began to operate a business in Poisson.

Unknown Role (None): During the course of his research, Vacher discovered that a diluted concoction of Water from the Primordial Sea can induce feelings of euphoria, and began to manufacture and market "Sinthe."

Unknown Role (None): However, as he accumulated wealth to fund his continued research and expanded the scope, he came into conflict with Spina di Rosula.

Unknown Role (None): After exchanging blows with Spina di Rosula for many years, Vacher decided to assassinate their president, Callas, at a banquet.

Unknown Role (None): Although the assassination did not go as Vacher expected, he was able to turn Callas into the murder suspect by dissolving the assassin he sent to the scene.

Unknown Role (None): And just recently, Vacher attempted to frame Lyney as the culprit of the serial disappearances case using a similar method.

Unknown Role (None): However, his attempt to frame Lyney failed, and the power of Water from the Primordial Sea became public knowledge. This case also exposed enough of Vacher's machinations that he was eventually successfully charged in court.

Unknown Role (None): Thus concludes the enigmatic history of the serial disappearances case, with the truth revealed to all.

Unknown Role (None): (Applause)

Unknown Role (None): The Oratrice will now deliver the final verdict regarding the charges against Mr. Vacher.

Unknown Role (None): According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Mr. Vacher is—

Unknown Role (None): —Guilty.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Gardes, take Vacher away!

Unknown Role (None): Good! It's what he deserves!

Unknown Role (None): With that, the serial disappearances case is over now...

Unknown Role (None): We really just witnessed history... Who would have thought the true culprit would be such a polite and well-spoken guy...

Unknown Role (None): Yippee!!! We helped Navia bring the bad guy to justice!

Unknown Role (None): He's hurt so many innocent people, now he's finally getting what he deserves.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Are you okay?

Unknown Role (None): Navia...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Demoiselle, you were absolutely brilliant.

Unknown Role (None): The day our late Boss had always hoped for has finally come. You can rest easy now, knowing justice has been served.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... Yeah. It's finally over. It's all thanks to you guys, and my partner.

Unknown Role (None): See, Papa? Spina di Rosula's still doing well with me at the helm...

Unknown Role (None): Well now, hasn't this been a most delicious piece of drama? The villain has been caught, justice has been served, past wrongs have been righted, and it's a big ol' happy ending...

Unknown Role (None): Since it's been such a great show, I'll just let the false accusations against me slide. Either way, I've still got some business to attend to, so if you'll excuse me...

Unknown Role (None): Please wait just one moment, Mr. Tartaglia.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, what now? None of this has anything to do with me.

Unknown Role (None): According to court protocol, since this trial was initiated due to a charge against you, a verdict must also be made regarding the initial charge before the trial can conclude.

Unknown Role (None): Ah c'mon, is this really necessary? Haven't you already caught the real criminal? Isn't it time for side characters like me to exit stage left?

Unknown Role (None): Please respect the laws of Fontaine. This has always been the rule.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, but this sure is a lot of hassle. All I need to do is to stand over there, right? Let's just get this over with.

Unknown Role (None): ...Through evidence presented in the public trial that was just held, it has been established that Mr. Tartaglia has no direct connection to the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): The guilty party has been identified, and thus, it is logical to suppose Mr. Tartaglia is innocent of the charges.

Unknown Role (None): We now turn to the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale to render the final verdict on the charges.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Mr. Tartaglia is—

Unknown Role (None): ...Guilty.

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, hey! That's not funny... Didn't you just say I'm supposed to be innocent?

Unknown Role (None): What's with this verdict? Is your justice machine malfunctioning?

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? This has never happened before, the Oratrice... actually returned a different verdict from the Chief Justice...

Unknown Role (None): I mean, have you ever heard of an innocent Fatui Harbinger? Do you think the Oratrice might have just convicted him on general principle?

Unknown Role (None): But weren't the charges about the serial disappearances case? No matter what else he's guilty of, it shouldn't affect the verdict in this case, right?

Unknown Role (None): Childe has been declared guilty by the Oratrice...

Unknown Role (None): Just what is going on here?

Unknown Role (None): The judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale is, by law, the final verdict of the court. We must accept the guilty verdict.

Unknown Role (None): Gardes, please take the suspect into custody per court protocol.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so that's what happened...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you're telling me something as dangerous as Water from the Primordial Sea has been used for all these years?

Unknown Role (None): What a great theory. It also explains Callas' and Jacques' respective motives... I guess they didn't shoot each other after all.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Marcel, you are the one being charged with a crime. You should provide a rebuttal if you wish to prove your innocence.

Unknown Role (None): But I think I agree with everything Navia just said. In fact, there was nothing in her speech that directly implicated me...

Unknown Role (None): Th—Then, may I ask some questions? In my opinion, we primarily need to determine two things...

Unknown Role (None): One, do you have the evidence to back up your claims?

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid not — at least, not at this very moment.

Unknown Role (None): Boo! Hahaha, if you don't have any evidence, you should just go home!

Unknown Role (None): I may not have the evidence with me, but I know where I could go to collect it. If we look up the deserted clothes against a record of people who went missing at around the same time...

Unknown Role (None): We should be able to find a match.

Unknown Role (None): Considering the serial disappearances case, the Gardes probably kept careful records of all missing persons from around that time, regardless of age or gender.

Unknown Role (None): That makes sense to me... Monsieur Neuvillette, I would consider this to be a reasonable investigative direction.

Unknown Role (None): Why do I feel like Furina's acting a little differently today?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe she's scared of embarrassing herself again?

Unknown Role (None): Alternatively, she's become more diligent after charging an innocent citizen in the last trial.

Unknown Role (None): My second question has to do with the ensuing duel. If the truth is indeed as you described...

Unknown Role (None): Then why didn't Mr. Callas explain himself in court? If he had testified that a person had been dissolved, he could have at least mounted a defense.

Unknown Role (None): I've thought about this too, and the answer is actually pretty simple — he felt there were things that were more important to him.

Unknown Role (None): The dissolving power of Water from the Primordial Sea is an important secret for the true culprit of the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): My father could have exposed it for all to see, but he chose to take it to the grave.

Unknown Role (None): At that time, Spina di Rosula was in dire straits, and his reputation had already been shattered. He had no guarantee that going forward with the truth would allow the culprit to be brought to justice.

Unknown Role (None): What was certain, however, was that it would paint a gigantic target on my back.

Unknown Role (None): Boss once told me that Demoiselle had already been selected as the next target of the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): If the secret had gotten out, the culprit would have fought an all-out war with the Spina right there and then. I wouldn't have been the only one in danger — all of us would have stood to lose our lives.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, the Gardes might eventually figure out the truth of the matter, and determine that we were in the right...

Unknown Role (None): But what good would that do? How can a hollow verdict protect anyone?

Unknown Role (None): Had this opera house ever given my father any kind of confidence in its brand of justice, Spina di Rosula would have had no reason to exist!

Unknown Role (None): But by staying silent, we retained the ability to deter our opponents, and continue the stalemate.

Unknown Role (None): I was also able to become Spina di Rosula's president, which made me harder to target, as well as giving me more time to grow and learn.

Unknown Role (None): And once I have figured out the truth and stepped up to the challenge, I will do what this opera house cannot, and restore my father's truth and honor back to him!

Unknown Role (None): So... You mean to say... Your father intended to die in the Duelists' Ring?

Unknown Role (None): That's right.

Unknown Role (None): Do you have any proof?

Unknown Role (None): Of course.

Unknown Role (None): All you need is to ask his opponent, Clorinde.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I don't need your apology, your guilt, or your support from the shadows. You don't have to do anything for my sake.

Unknown Role (None): But since he entrusted his will to you, Clorinde, you should tell us the truth about his sacrifice.

Unknown Role (None): Erm... So... During the duel, did you believe that Callas was intending to die?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I did.

Unknown Role (None): As a Champion Duelist, I've fought many battles, and taken a countless number of dishonored lives.

Unknown Role (None): In my line of work, I've seen all kinds of people give their all for the faintest hope to continue living. Some were determined, others passionate, and some even manic and twisted.

Unknown Role (None): Just one look and I can tell if a duelist is hoping to live, or if they're looking to die.

Unknown Role (None): I hereby swear on my name and honor as a Champion Duelist that Mr. Callas never intended to leave the Ring alive.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Since that's your testimony, I have no more questions. It appears there really are good grounds to reopen this case...

Unknown Role (None): I concur. However, Miss Navia, you still have not explained the link between your father's case and the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): Right? What she said was fascinating, but kind of beside the point...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, weren't they just talking about the serial disappearances case!?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, Your Honor. The two cases are connected via a matter of timing.

Unknown Role (None): In my father's case, the culprit intended to kill both Jacques and Callas. As a result, they planned to act after hearing two gunshots.

Unknown Role (None): And at the end of Lyney's trial, the culprit also only dissolved the victim in front of everyone because they realized they were at risk of being identified.

Unknown Role (None): The culprit could only time their actions so precisely if they were already at the scene.

Unknown Role (None): Coincidentally, Marcel attended both the banquet and the trial.

Unknown Role (None): So that's why you suspected me... *sigh* Even after hearing your reasoning, I still can't help but find it a little preposterous.

Unknown Role (None): I'm used to it, though. You've always been an impulsive and sentimental child, Navia. It's one of your most endearing traits.

Unknown Role (None): No need to appeal to pathos.

Unknown Role (None): I won't try to refute your points one by one, but even if everything you just said was true, can you prove that I was the only person present at both events?

Unknown Role (None): On top of that, does a person have to be physically present to control the timing? Can't someone remotely monitor the place?

Unknown Role (None): Ah...

Unknown Role (None): Oof, don't know what she can say to that...

Unknown Role (None): I know that even with that, you might still think you can reduce the list of suspects with some further investigations, until I'm the only one left on the list.

Unknown Role (None): Alas, who won't feel at least a little hurt by an accusation of murder from a girl you see as your own daughter?

Unknown Role (None): But if I were to dismiss this completely, you'd also think I'm not being considerate of your feelings. Ah well, let Uncle Marcel teach you another lesson.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know what the biggest flaw in your reasoning is?

Unknown Role (None): I suppose you're going to tell me anyways...

Unknown Role (None): It's "timing," again.

Unknown Role (None): I'm a businessman by trade. From that standpoint, there's no reason for me to kidnap young women. It's a high-risk action with nothing to gain.

Unknown Role (None): In addition, I left my home in Snezhnaya when I was young to come to Poisson and work in some trade. My business only thrived when I received Callas' patronage.

Unknown Role (None): But the disappearances began before I ever stepped foot in Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Ah...

Unknown Role (None): I do apologize, Demoiselle. This was my mistake.

Unknown Role (None): No, it's not your fault. I'm sure he had come prepared...

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to say? Would you like to check the date of my first business license against the first known case of the serial disappearances?

Unknown Role (None): You can also take a look at my border entry records, or ask my friends and family when I left Snezhnaya for the first time.

Unknown Role (None): Could those records and testimonies do something to appease the unspeakable anguish in your heart?

Unknown Role (None): Seems like she's got the wrong guy...

Unknown Role (None): At this rate, Navia will be convicted for falsely accusing him.

Unknown Role (None): I think you've done a superb job of dissecting your father's feelings as he neared the end of his life.

Unknown Role (None): But aren't you going against all of his wishes and expectations right now?

Unknown Role (None): He wished for you to become more rational, collected, and conscientious, instead of dwelling only on your own feelings.

Unknown Role (None): Once you've learned to be more considerate of others' feelings, and to stop rushing headlong into things, you'd have met most of his expectations.

Unknown Role (None): This isn't just about me, and it never has been...

Unknown Role (None): The biggest difference between me and the rest of the victims is that I still have the ability to search for the truth, while that same agency has long been taken from them.

Unknown Role (None): The people whose families were destroyed by Sinthe abuse, the people who lost their loved ones to the serial disappearances, and the people who suffered tragic ends due to their sense of justice...

Unknown Role (None): Many people's images are flashing before my eyes. I'm sure some are coming to those of you in the audience as well...

Unknown Role (None): And whose image do you see, Marcel?

Unknown Role (None): Is it a man named "Vacher"?

Unknown Role (None): ...!?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So you do know that name.

Unknown Role (None): I'm merely surprised you'd suddenly say the name of someone I've never even heard of.

Unknown Role (None): I was waiting for you to say that.

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): About Water from the Primordial Sea...

Unknown Role (None): So at court, the bad guys referred to that special water as Water from the Primordial Sea... But what is it, really?

Unknown Role (None): Truthfully, that name is already quite accurate. I can only surmise that Vacher and his ilk only learned of its nature and existence after extensive research.

Unknown Role (None): There used to be a special sea on the surface of this planet. The nature of its seawater was rather different from that of the sea we know today...

Unknown Role (None): Most of Teyvat's lifeforms were first born in that special sea. You could say it nurtured much of the life on this planet.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so it really was where everything began... It makes sense to call it "Primordial" then.

Unknown Role (None): But today, the Primordial Sea no longer exists on the planet's surface.

Unknown Role (None): What Vacher discovered must have been some kind of special case, or a remnant from a truly ancient age.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so that's how it is... You really know everything, Monsieur Neuvillette. But if that's the case, then why would people, uh, at least people from Fontaine, dissolve in that kind of water?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, why would the Primordial Sea — which was known to engender and nurture life — suddenly reverse itself and devour life instead?

Unknown Role (None): To be frank, that also doesn't match my understanding of this world and its laws. There must still be some unknown secrets around the people of this land.

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): About the "prophecy" that has been circulating around Fontaine...

Unknown Role (None): ...That the sea levels will rise, and everyone will be dissolved in water, leaving Furina crying alone on her throne, but the sins of the people will be finally washed away for good?

Unknown Role (None): Does that appropriately summarize the version you've heard?

Unknown Role (None): That's right! It was Lyney that told us back then, and that about covers all the main points.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, up to the present, I think we reached a point where we have no choice but to confront this prophecy directly.

Unknown Role (None): Rumors have it that this prophecy is rooted in the last words the former Hydro Archon left to the world before she passed away.

Unknown Role (None): A prophecy... of the former Hydro Archon? Wow, this is the first time that we've ever heard of it...

Unknown Role (None): Two parts of the prophecy have already proven correct: the rising sea levels, and the ability of the people of Fontaine to be dissolved. We should be more vigilant, and stay on the watch for further signs.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of the prophecy, Furina has also always taken it quite seriously. Indeed, she has been collecting information and intelligence from across Teyvat for this purpose.

Unknown Role (None): If the rumors were true, then perhaps this prophecy is the "conundrum" left to Furina by her predecessor.

Unknown Role (None): But with Furina being the way she is... can we really trust her to solve it?

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): About Childe...

Unknown Role (None): My apologies. My investigation has still not reached its conclusion.

Unknown Role (None): However, I still believe the judgment of the Oratrice was not rendered arbitrarily.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? But you also said you thought he was innocent...

Unknown Role (None): For many years, I have been quite aware that the Oratrice does not simply mechanically repeat the verdict that I give on each case.

Unknown Role (None): As a divinely created mechanism, the people's unified faith in the concept of justice is integrated into it.

Unknown Role (None): Not only can it produce the incredible power of Indemnitium, but it likely also possesses other traits... such as self-awareness.

Unknown Role (None): Which is all to say I've been prepared for a situation like this for a long time.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so when Lyney told us that he heard a human voice from the room where the Oratrice's core is stored...

Unknown Role (None): I was not aware such a thing had occurred... Perhaps that could serve to prove my conjecture. I will add that to the list of items to investigate.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I am inclined to believe that the Oratrice does have a methodology all its own... We just do not have enough information.

Unknown Role (None): Based on Furina's reaction, I doubt even she had any idea what was going on. She managed to bluff her way through it, though, with time-tested twin tricks of bravado and drama.

Unknown Role (None): While we do intend to get to the bottom of this, for now, we regret to say that the Fatui Harbinger will just have to bide his time in the Fortress of Meropide.

Unknown Role (None): If we did incorrectly convict him of crimes he did not commit, we will most certainly compensate him to the fullest extent allowed by the law.

Unknown Role (None): If you ask Paimon, the only compensation he'll want is a no holds barred fight with you ...

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): About my sibling...

Unknown Role (None): Your sibling? Another blond-haired traveler... I'm sorry, but I've never seen anyone who matches that description.

Unknown Role (None): #If she ever stepped foot in Fontaine, I'm sure she followed our laws to the letter, and had no reason to appear on the stage of the Opera Epiclese.

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to ask me about?

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. It was my honor to provide you with what answers I could. I very much enjoyed conversing with you.

Unknown Role (None): It will soon be time for me to leave this blissful tranquility behind, and return to Palais Mermonia.

Unknown Role (None): You really are super busy, Monsieur Neuvillette! Paimon thought you only came here to pay your respects today because you had the day off.

Unknown Role (None): Crime and villainy do not have the day off, and so justice must work around the clock as well. This is merely the nature of a Justice's work.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, you've got a point.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Paimon just noticed that the rain has stopped.

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Monsieur Neuvillette, that power you showed when you took him down... Who are you, really?

Unknown Role (None): Hm? I am the Chief Justice of Fontaine, of course. If officers of the law lack the strength and capability to enforce it, then it makes a mockery of justice.

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): (Besides the investigation reports, there are also a lot of research materials here. It seems their "experiments" have been going on for a very long time.)

Unknown Role (None): (But there's nothing here on Vacher's true identity...)

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): (A pool full of Water from the Primordial Sea. Countless sins were born of it...)

Unknown Role (None): (Nothing else here seems particularly noteworthy.)

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): (According to the records, Vacher didn't care how many victims he had to dissolve in his quest to bring his lover back to life.)

Unknown Role (None): (But there's nothing here on Vacher's true identity...)

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): (Bottles full of Sinthe and Water from the Primordial Sea. These can be used as evidence to prove what this place was used for.)

Unknown Role (None): (Nothing else here seems particularly noteworthy.)

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): (Bottles full of Sinthe and Water from the Primordial Sea. These can be used as evidence to prove what this place was used for.)

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): (Many miscellaneous items are stored here and labeled with different names. They likely belonged to the many young women who went missing over the years.)

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): (According to the records, Vacher didn't care how many victims he had to dissolve in his quest to bring his lover back to life.)

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): (Besides the investigation reports, there are also a lot of research materials here. It seems their "experiments" have been going on for a very long time.)

### Additional Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): (A pool full of Water from the Primordial Sea. Countless sins were born of it...)

### Additional Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you two. Did Miss Navia invite you to come pay your respects to her father?

Unknown Role (None): Mhm! We ran into Navia on the streets today, so we just followed her here.

Unknown Role (None): I see, I see. Then, is there something that I can help you with?

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Um... Well, it's pretty hard to run into you like this, since you're usually super busy, so we figured we could try to ask you a few questions, if that's okay...

Unknown Role (None): Please feel free. Though outsiders, you helped us solve one of the greatest mysteries in Fontaine, and it would be my pleasure to return the favor.

### Additional Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Um... Paimon's really sorry, Navia, but Paimon did something pretty disrespectful just now...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... What're you saying, Paimon? I don't think I get it...

Unknown Role (None): Well... Aren't you not supposed to fly around someone's grave?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Hehe, who told you that...

Unknown Role (None): #Hey, Traveler! Why did you mess with Paimon again!?