(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1021)

# Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): We've checked everything of note here at the performance venue. Hmm. Paimon wonders how Lyney's discussion with the Gardes is going.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go see, shall we? Things are getting interesting, huh? We're about to see how magic is made!

## Talk 2

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400618 could not be retrieved

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Well, this is awkward. I didn't think the Hydro Archon would dig all that up.

Unknown Role (None): #I'm sorry, Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, sorry.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... Paimon doesn't know where to start. We trusted you two!

Unknown Role (None): We based our entire reasoning on the assumption that you weren't bad guys!

Unknown Role (None): Not to set the wrong tone or anything, but Paimon's really mad!

Unknown Role (None): I'm very sorry. I know you're angry, and reasonably so, but please let me explain.

Unknown Role (None): I know you've clashed with the Fatui several times before. I wouldn't be surprised if just hearing the word is enough to make you upset.

Unknown Role (None): But our organization is very, very large, and the Harbingers have very different personalities and goals.

Unknown Role (None): Right now, we want to save people... as many as we can.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I'm sure we're on the same page when it comes to this nation and the disaster that its people might face.

Unknown Role (None): I knew if it weren't for our respective identities, we could become good friends...

Unknown Role (None): That's why I didn't wish to flat-out lie to you, but chose to hide some details instead.

Unknown Role (None): The truth is very important, but being completely transparent about everything would see us spending more effort than we need to.

Unknown Role (None): But how can we know this isn't all just another lie?

Unknown Role (None): Right. So, you be the judge. Heck, if I were you, I fear that I'd even struggle to trust me at this point.

Unknown Role (None): You met a Fatuus who works as a magician, a trickster by trade... all by coincidence, too.

Unknown Role (None): But still, I'm asking you to trust me. I am no criminal... at least, not in this case.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, please forgive us.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you both say that, but...

Unknown Role (None): Explain the other issue first.

Unknown Role (None): Where did you actually go while the trick was being performed?

Unknown Role (None): Right, let's hear your answer first. And no lies, now!

Unknown Role (None): Of course. I'll answer any question you ask.

Unknown Role (None): We've been trying to find out how the Oratrice operates. We want to know why it has a consciousness? Why can it deliver sentences accurately?

Unknown Role (None): During our investigations, we learned that the machine's core is beneath it.

Unknown Role (None): From that moment on, Lynette and I have been designing this box-swap trick, with the objective of getting close to the core.

Unknown Role (None): Is that why you needed a whole minute?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. In truth, the audience would take about seventy-five seconds to count down from sixty, while I would only need fifteen to get to the opposite box.

Unknown Role (None): So after jumping into the tunnel, I accessed the opera house basement via the vent and went to investigate the room in which the core is stored.

Unknown Role (None): That air vent was created during the construction of the tunnel specifically to execute this step.

Unknown Role (None): And what did you find?

Unknown Role (None): Well, nothing. As soon as I reached that room and was about to investigate, I heard someone's voice.

Unknown Role (None): Which should have been impossible, of course — I was quite certain that I was the only one in the room.

Unknown Role (None): That voice seemed to recognize me and tried to speak to me. I chose to err on the side of caution and retreated the way I came.

Unknown Role (None): On the way back, I saw the broken vase and the clothes on the ground, but the countdown was almost finished, so there wasn't time to give it any thought.

Unknown Role (None): After that, the homicide occurred just as you saw.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that explains why you didn't hear the thud...

Unknown Role (None): But why do you want to understand how the Oratrice operates?

Unknown Role (None): Because of that prophecy I told you about, of course. We must know all we can about this nation's secrets in order to deal with that prophesied crisis.

Unknown Role (None): That's the only way we can save everyone.

Unknown Role (None): So, there you have it, the whole truth. I swear, I didn't hide anything from you this time.

Unknown Role (None): It was never my wish to proceed under this cloud of mistrust either...

Unknown Role (None): But like I said earlier, you can be the judge. If you want to leave because you don't trust the Fatui, there's nothing I can do to stop you.

Unknown Role (None): #Well, Traveler, you decide. Paimon'll follow your lead however you choose.

Unknown Role (None): I believe in the facts.

Unknown Role (None): I will defend you from these charges.

Unknown Role (None): I believe that judgment will be dispensed as it should.

Unknown Role (None): Okay. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for giving us a chance.

Unknown Role (None): The current problem is that the scales are tipped pretty badly against you two...

Unknown Role (None): If we wanna refute the Hydro Archon's accusations, we're gonna need a seriously watertight defense.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, we already have the key evidence we need.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh?

Unknown Role (None): The adjournment's almost over. Let's go back.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. Oh, Paimon thinks she gets what you mean...

Unknown Role (None): While court is adjourned, you meet with Lyney and Lynette backstage in the opera house.

## Talk 4

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400619 could not be retrieved

## Talk 5

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400625 could not be retrieved

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Seems we're just about done investigating down here.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, let's head back up.

## Talk 8

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400626 could not be retrieved

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Alright, it's time to put our heads together. We've gotta get our defense ready for the trial.

Unknown Role (None): It's probably gonna be a long and difficult case... Ugh, there's no point worrying about that now, we just need to prepare!

Unknown Role (None): Here, take Paimon's notes. They should help you review the situation.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): I see that you're investigating the area. Well, it just so happens that I'm interested, too.

Unknown Role (None): If you find any new and interesting leads, be sure to share them with me, alright?

Unknown Role (None): We don't have too many thoughts yet...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, then why don't I tell you my hypothesis first? The way I see it, it all started with that loud thud.

Unknown Role (None): The thud? Oh, you mean the sound that happened during the countdown?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, exactly. It wasn't terribly loud, but I suspect that most people heard it.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that everyone was awaiting the result of Lyney's trick with bated breath, so no one paid it much mind. But now that the incident has happened, the thud has become an important clue.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that makes sense. So, what do you make of it?

Unknown Role (None): I'm of the opinion that it may have been the sound of Lyney's accomplice — Lynette perhaps — jumping atop the water tank, or something like that.

Unknown Role (None): And when the pyrotechnics went off, she cut the rope, sending the water tank crashing down!

Unknown Role (None): But wasn't the noise we heard too loud for that?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the balance wasn't right, leading to a particularly rough landing.

Unknown Role (None): Then wouldn't the water tank have started to swing a bit in that case?

Unknown Role (None): That's true. Hmm, I suppose I must reconsider...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that does remind Paimon, though. What was with that sound?

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): As the countdown began, he entered the tunnel.

Unknown Role (None): When the flatbed trolley passed, he opened the box and got into an altercation with Halsey, which caused the loud thud.

Unknown Role (None): He did not realize that this sound could be heard by everyone in the opera house, which is why he claimed earlier that he could not hear the sound.

Unknown Role (None): Finally, he used the vase to knock her out, before making her change clothes to prevent others from recognizing her.

Unknown Role (None): At this time, Cowell arrived in the tunnel, having heard that strange noise, and caught Lyney red-handed.

Unknown Role (None): So Lyney proceeded to knock him out too before stuffing him into that box.

Unknown Role (None): Afterward, Lyney passed the unconscious Halsey to his accomplice through the magic box in the audience stands, before operating the devices such that Cowell's death would be ruled an accident.

Unknown Role (None): And there you have it, that's the truth behind what happened...

Unknown Role (None): Does the defendant's side have any objections to Lady Furina's description of the events?

Unknown Role (None): (The key to refuting Lady Furina is the order of events — what Lyney experienced and what he saw...)

Unknown Role (None): (According to Lyney, he left via the vent after entering the tunnel. He couldn't have had that altercation with Halsey.)

Unknown Role (None): (Lyney went to the room that contains the Oratrice's core. This is the actual truth.)

Unknown Role (None): (Lyney did not take part in the underground altercation. He only witnessed traces of the aftermath.)

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! Attention! Ace Detective Paimon has something to say!

Unknown Role (None): When the countdown started, Lyney did indeed go into the tunnel.

Unknown Role (None): But he immediately used a vent to access the opera house basement, which is where the underground core of the Oratrice is stored.

Unknown Role (None): Once he reached that area, he heard a voice in what should have been an empty room. Since he felt something was amiss, he returned immediately.

Unknown Role (None): The crime scene had already developed by the time he reached the tunnel again, and in order to complete the magic trick, he did not remain there for any length of time.

Unknown Role (None): Finally, he reached the surface, and that was when the accident happened from his point of view. Therefore, he's innocent!

Unknown Role (None): Lyney did not need to take part in the dissolution of the young woman at all. Indeed, he did leave the scene via the vent.

Unknown Role (None): Having made modifications to the props beforehand, his accomplice Cowell then caused Halsey to vanish using the Water from the Primordial Sea.

Unknown Role (None): But upon his return, in cruel avarice, Lyney desired sole credit and prepared to do away with his partner-in-crime.

Unknown Role (None): Ultimately, he knocked Cowell out, and the tool meant to cover the crime up also became a murder weapon.

Unknown Role (None): Now, as much as I regret having come to such a viciously straightforward conclusion, it does seem that the famed Fatui is quite the cold-blooded and ruthless organization...

Unknown Role (None): Am I right, Mr. Lyney?

Unknown Role (None): (We've used up all the evidence we collected. There's no way for us to make a rebuttal here.)

Unknown Role (None): (Is this the end of the road?)

Unknown Role (None): (The strange sound wasn't from a fight, it was Liliane's attempt to break out when she was frightened.)

Unknown Role (None): (The flower vase was not broken to cover anything up, but was smashed during the struggle between Liliane and Cowell...)

Unknown Role (None): (Liliane was afraid that she would be recognized if she left, so she changed clothes and hid, biding her time... Just what one might expect of an experienced thief.)

Unknown Role (None): Aaand it's Ace Detective Paimon Time!

Unknown Role (None): Having been selected out of the blue, Liliane panicked.

Unknown Role (None): Her panic only intensified after she entered the tunnel and had water poured on her head. So she kicked the door open, producing the thud we all heard.

Unknown Role (None): Hearing the commotion, Cowell leaped into the tunnel, only to discover that Liliane had not dissolved.

Unknown Role (None): He did not know that Liliane was not from Fontaine, but was a thief who'd made her way in by stealing a ticket.

Unknown Role (None): Mistakenly believing that the Water from the Primordial Sea needed time to take effect, he tried to force Liliane back into the box.

Unknown Role (None): The two broke the flower vase during the struggle, but Liliane came out on top, knocking Cowell out and putting him in the box.

Unknown Role (None): With no way of escaping, she changed her clothes and hid in the costume trunk until the performance ended.

Unknown Role (None): (Hmm, seems this won't produce a particularly effective rebuttal.)

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Hello there. What are you investigating?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Oh, this location has also been cordoned off because the magic troupe members are currently considered prime suspects. The investigation team is still collecting evidence.

Unknown Role (None): The seats were all booked in advance, so we were able to deduce the missing woman's identity by checking the guest list.

Unknown Role (None): Could you tell us who she is?

Unknown Role (None): We're Lyney and Lynette's attorneys.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, it's not like this is confidential information. We will publish it later anyway when we petition the public to help us find the missing person.

Unknown Role (None): Her name is Halsey. She's a painter from Fontaine who's made a bit of a name for herself.

Unknown Role (None): Apparently, she wasn't a regular at the opera house, but she'd been feeling some pressure with her work lately, which made her decide to come see the magic show.

Unknown Role (None): The magic troupe members all claim not to know her. We have looked into her social connections. It seems that she has no personal grievances or conflicts of interest with the suspects.

Unknown Role (None): Simply put, she wasn't related to the magic troupe at all, which matches the features of the previous serial disappearances.

Unknown Role (None): Were the victims of the previous cases also chosen at random?

Unknown Role (None): That's how it seems to us, in any case. Apart from the fact that they were all young women of around the same age range, there really weren't any other connections between them.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Okay then.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for letting us know all this.

Unknown Role (None): No need to be so formal. If you do happen to see the missing girl, please be sure to contact us.

Unknown Role (None): It is of utmost importance that we get to the bottom of these disappearances.

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, but no one can freely enter or exit the opera house at the moment. If you wish to leave, you must register your identity with us first.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, no, we're not leaving... we're representing Lyney and Lynette as attorneys, so we're investigating the case.

Unknown Role (None): Were you always guarding this entrance?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, after the Chief Justice gave the order, everyone coming in or out must undergo a strict inspection.

Unknown Role (None): So the missing girl couldn't have left from here — at least not from that point on.

Unknown Role (None): What about during the show?

Unknown Role (None): I doubt there was much opportunity then, either.

Unknown Role (None): How can you be so sure, hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Well, because I was in charge of security near the entrance at that time.

Unknown Role (None): I couldn't see Lyney's performance from here, which was quite a shame... Just my luck.

Unknown Role (None): But still, I did not abandon my post, and I stayed put no matter how loud the applause was. If someone had so much as even approached the door, I would have noticed it, let alone if they had tried to leave.

Unknown Role (None): We Melusines are good at that sort of thing, you know.

Unknown Role (None): So, it's safe to say the girl couldn't have left through here...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, thanks for your help. This'll be useful info!

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): (The deceased's name is Cowell, Lyney's assistant. He would've been able to tamper with the equipment...)

Unknown Role (None): (Halsey is the missing person and an ordinary audience member... or did she have her own scheme all along?)

Unknown Role (None): (Could there have been a third person involved? Is that really a possibility?)

Unknown Role (None): (The sound we heard may have come from a clash between the missing Halsey and the criminal.)

Unknown Role (None): (Lyney was not in the tunnel at that moment, which gave our criminal ample time.)

Unknown Role (None): (No one entered or left the opera house through its entrances, so where would the criminal have wanted to take Halsey?)

Unknown Role (None): (Halsey's clothing was in the tunnel. So there must have been some fear that she would attract attention...)

Unknown Role (None): (It would have been tough for both people to fit into that vent. They would likely have bumped into Lyney as well.)

Unknown Role (None): (The vase was not broken by chance. It was used to cover important evidence — the water!)

Unknown Role (None): (Now it seems like the hook rope was not meant for another magic trick, but was instead some form of triggering mechanism.)

Unknown Role (None): (The Water from the Primordial Sea should already have been prepped before Halsey entered the magic box.)

Unknown Role (None): (I remember there was something else within the inner layer of that box...)

Unknown Role (None): (Lynette was in the magic box onstage the entire time. Did she have something to do with this?)

Unknown Role (None): #(The rope that held the water tank up was lit by the fireworks and snapped. As such, the focus here is on the water and not the tank.)

Unknown Role (None): The Gardes Investigation Report indicates that the fireworks released near the end of the show ignited and burned through the rope suspending the water tank above the stage. This caused the water tank to fall and kill Cowell in the box below.

Unknown Role (None): Lyney gave a detailed account of how the trick was supposed to work: By using a box inside a box, the idea was for the box containing the audience member to be transported across via a tunnel underneath, and Lyney himself would also use this tunnel to get to the other side.

Unknown Role (None): The clothes belonging to Halsey — the lady who went missing — were found in the tunnel. The reason for this remains unknown.

Unknown Role (None): If Lyney is no longer under suspicion, only the other members of the troupe would have been able to tamper with the props.

Unknown Role (None): Having changed her outfit, Lynette and her assistant would take charge of on-stage interactions.

Unknown Role (None): Lyney claims that he headed to the chamber containing the Oratrice core upon entering the tunnel and did not witness the crime taking place, and thus did not hear the thud.

Unknown Role (None): As a member of the magic troupe, Cowell must have known in advance that Lyney would leave, and he may have thusly judged that he had enough time to commit the crime.

Unknown Role (None): During the switching performance, there was an audible thump that many audience members heard.

Unknown Role (None): The deceased is one of Lyney's assistants, named Cowell. He was well-trusted by all his colleagues. His job was setting up and inspecting the props, as well as assisting with the show and keeping the crowd engaged.

Unknown Role (None): A rope that has fallen to the ground. A metal hook has been tied to one end of this rope. Its use is unclear.

Unknown Role (None): The liquid the Gardes found in Cowell's luggage seems to have the ability to dissolve Fontainians into water...

Unknown Role (None): The magic box at the center of the audience stands has 2 layers, and beneath it is an entrance to an underground tunnel. This was how the lucky audience member was meant to have been transported without the audience noticing.

Unknown Role (None): By cleverly concealing the tools used to commit the murder among the rest, the wool would be pulled over everyone's eyes, and they could be used when the time came without arousing suspicion...

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Both parties have returned to their positions. Let us continue the trial.

Unknown Role (None): When last we left off, Mr. Lyney acknowledged the new evidence presented by Lady Furina as fact. Therefore, Lady Furina may continue stating her reconstruction of the events.

Unknown Role (None): That took long enough. Now then, if everyone would lend me their attention.

Unknown Role (None): At this stage, let's revisit that scene from Lyney's perspective.

Unknown Role (None): The brief adjournment ends, and the nail-biting trial reconvenes.

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you! Yes, both of you! Over here! I've been keeping an eye on you for a while now.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, you mean us?

Unknown Role (None): That's right! If I'm not mistaken, you're also among those who wish to cut down the thorns and pursue the truth, no? And by the looks of it, you're not from Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you're right on the Mora about that one... But who are you?

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, have you never heard of the Spina di Rosula?

Unknown Role (None): From mediating disputes and providing protection, to solving conundrums — you name it, Spina di Rosula does it.

Unknown Role (None): And I, Navia, have the honor of being its renowned president...

Unknown Role (None): ...Though those who play by our rules call me "Boss."

Unknown Role (None): I'm Silver, her attendant. Pleased to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): And I'm Melus. Demoiselle's various daily needs and affairs are under my purview.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Boss, Demoiselle... What gives with the names?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Well, I am the second-generation president. Melus and the others are still used to my... previous title.

Unknown Role (None): My apologies, Demoiselle. Should you prefer "Boss," I will endeavor to use that instead.

Unknown Role (None): No, no need. You don't have to call me Boss, just "Navia" is fine!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, if you say so... Not that we're members of Spina di Rosula, anyway!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, all merely trifling details, never mind. Now, back to the situation at hand.

Unknown Role (None): So you want to investigate as well?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I've always kept an eye on the serial disappearance cases — my interest stems from a matter back from my father's time.

Unknown Role (None): Judging from the look of things, I find Lyney an unlikely mastermind.

Unknown Role (None): Really? We think so too! That's why we're looking for clues now.

Unknown Role (None): But how did you come to that conclusion?

Unknown Role (None): Intuition, naturally. My unparalleled intuition!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, okay...

Unknown Role (None): Furina sure was quick to point the finger at Lyney without any decisive evidence whatsoever, wasn't she?

Unknown Role (None): But that's not uncommon for her. If you remember, the Justice had to interrupt her and ask if she was pressing charges just to keep her from getting carried away.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, a trial begins the moment someone levels charges. And of course, there was no way Furina was going to back down in that situation.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds more like you just don't trust the Hydro Archon.

Unknown Role (None): Well, what's your opinion? I must admit that she can be interesting at times, but liking her doesn't mean that I'll blindly agree with her.

Unknown Role (None): Well, when you put it like that...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I've answered your question. Now it's time you answer mine.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a minute, did that answer count?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I say it does. But don't worry! You won't hear any pointless questions from me!

Unknown Role (None): In your opinion, do you think it's right to treat a trial like it's an opera?

Unknown Role (None): Um, well...

Unknown Role (None): Not always.

Unknown Role (None): And why would that be?

Unknown Role (None): Doing so makes it easy for the truth to fall by the wayside.

Unknown Role (None): Something serious like a trial shouldn't be treated like entertainment.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! See, Silver and Melus? I told you they'd be different!

Unknown Role (None): Most astute of you, Demoiselle. I, too, think that the Traveler's response was most excellent.

Unknown Role (None): No matter how wonderful the script or how fervent the audience's expectations may be, the trials that go on stage here must be based in fact.

Unknown Role (None): And if that can be done, Boss, then—

Unknown Role (None): Alright, that's quite enough, Melus. Anyway, I like your answer. You pass with flying colors!

Unknown Role (None): Now, I need to make some preparations, following which our joint investigation shall commence... You two shall be my assistants!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, since when did we become assistants!?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Oh. Well, I can be the assistant, sure — or your companion, if you like. I'm really not that fussy.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. That's more like it.

Unknown Role (None): I think you're missing the point, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Seems you've already agreed, then.

Unknown Role (None): Far be it from me to brag, but I believe that Demoiselle's intuition will be instrumental in uncovering the truth.

Unknown Role (None): You wish to save a friend from false accusations, and we wish to unravel the disappearances. In this sense, our goals are aligned.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you have a point. You're quite the talker, aren't you, mister?

Unknown Role (None): And what about you over there? What do you think? You seem like you've got something on your mind.

Unknown Role (None): I have nothing to add.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, alrighty then...

Unknown Role (None): We'll be making some preparations first. Just be sure to let us know if they start revealing Lyney's tricks. Thanks!

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Understood, then I will be going with you. Just so you're aware, I will be monitoring your actions and making notes as necessary.

Unknown Role (None): Very good, thanks for being so agreeable. I'd pull a rose out of my hat as a gift for you, if I could.

Unknown Role (None): You may spare the pleasantries. I'm just doing my job.

Unknown Role (None): You've arrived. Ah, who's this?

Unknown Role (None): Me? I'm Spina di Rosula's guardian angel... If you've got a problem, I've got the firepower.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, sorry. I got a little carried away there... Call me Navia. I'm a partner of theirs, and will be helping investigate this whole situation.

Unknown Role (None): And these are my companions. Would you mind if they join as well?

Unknown Role (None): Fine by me...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, new helpers? I would be most grateful!

Unknown Role (None): Well, let's just say we're tagging along... It's not every day that you get to see the secrets behind magic performed on such a large scale!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I appreciate your kind interest. Come with me, we'll be heading below stage.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Below stage?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, a world of secrets is hidden beneath this magic box, prepared specifically for this switcheroo trick.

Unknown Role (None): But before I reveal everything, you should have a look first. Notice anything strange here?

Unknown Role (None): I'm not trying to be dramatic, remembering the details of a trick will help you understand the methods used to perform it more easily.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Weren't there balloons and other decorations here? Where did all that go?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, good eye! That said, you're still far from discovering the answer.

Unknown Role (None): The back of the door isn't the same.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... "The back"? You mean the inside of the door? What's different about it? Paimon didn't notice anything...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, very good indeed. I thought you might not be able to catch that, given that you were sitting in the first row.

Unknown Role (None): The back of this door was patterned. Those patterns are now gone, replaced by a smooth wooden board.

Unknown Role (None): So if you put two and two together, what do you get?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, does that mean...

Unknown Role (None): There's another box inside this one?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, exactly! Alright, let's go. I'll tell you how it works as we head down.

## Talk 18

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400623 could not be retrieved

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so there was a passageway under the magic box!

Unknown Role (None): And this passage linked the two boxes together.

Unknown Role (None): Haha. I knew you'd figure out most of it as soon as you saw this place.

Unknown Role (None): The two magic boxes are positioned right above the two entrances of the tunnel.

Unknown Role (None): See this flatbed trolley?

Unknown Role (None): The box with the lucky audience member in it would be shuttled over to the other side using the trolley.

Unknown Role (None): This trolley can raise and lower, and even rotate, ensuring that the box will face in the right direction.

Unknown Role (None): I see, so that's the purpose of the box inside another box!

Unknown Role (None): Precisely. The inner box would descend after the audience member was put inside and be moved along on the trolley, all while the outer box would remain onstage, as if nothing had ever changed.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how you did it!

Unknown Role (None): Once the box was lowered, the trolley would store some energy through this device here, with which it would complete the rest of the steps.

Unknown Role (None): The audience member would only be able to feel some slight movements in the dark, and by the time she walked out, she would already be back onstage.

Unknown Role (None): Then what about your side of the trick?

Unknown Role (None): Right. You were talking that whole time, and you even came out for a moment near the end.

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, a phonograph operated by Lynette was used to achieve that effect.

Unknown Role (None): My assistant and I had already scripted our conversation beforehand. When the countdown began, I had already gone to the opposite box via a tunnel using that ladder.

Unknown Role (None): And what about Lynette? Where was she?

Unknown Role (None): I was in a mezzanine space in the back of the box.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, interesting!

Unknown Role (None): That's how we were able to coordinate Lyney's lines with the assistant... And by the way, I was the one who walked out of the box at the end.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, we are twins. All it takes is a change of clothes and no one can tell who's who, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): And that's my favorite part of this trick — only Lynette and I can perform it.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it all worked. Wow, every detail you revealed was more amazing than the last!

Unknown Role (None): I can tell a lot of thought was put into this.

Unknown Role (None): Lynette would briefly walk out of the box and then go back in, jumping into the tunnel and escaping before the box on the trolley could finish ascending.

Unknown Role (None): And then I walk out of the other box in the audience area, and the trick would be complete... the operative word here being "would."

Unknown Role (None): But as you saw, Cowell was in the box, not our audience member — she, on the other hand, mysteriously vanished.

Unknown Role (None): We really don't know how that happened.

Unknown Role (None): If not for that interlude, this would have been an astonishing trick. I probably never would have figured out how you pulled it off...

Unknown Role (None): And yet, to think that someone was able to use this magic trick to commit a crime.

Unknown Role (None): Could we have a look around? I think we can come up with some more leads.

Unknown Role (None): This is the scene of the crime, so Lyney and Lynette are not permitted to stay here. I'll escort them back up.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, of course, no need to be so strict now. I won't disappear into thin air, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, everyone. We're counting on you.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): What's this?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like a hook tied to the end of a rope. Huh, there's all kinds of odds and ends here.

Unknown Role (None): Lyney didn't mention this earlier.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps it was a prop for a different trick? But why would it have been left here?

Unknown Role (None): Whatever it is, let's make a note of it first.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): The floor is wet. Please be careful not to slip.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, why would there be water here?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe it was for a trick?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon knows. It's one of those tricks where you pour water into a jug, and then flip the jug over, only for the water to disappear!

Unknown Role (None): And here's a broken vase... Huh. Did the trolley knock it down while moving?

Unknown Role (None): That can't be. The trolley moves along tracks from start to finish. It couldn't have hit the vase at this distance.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, let's note this down too and think about it later.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Oh, these are the clothes that the lady chosen from the audience was wearing, right?

Unknown Role (None): Her clothes are here, but she's nowhere to be found...

Unknown Role (None): Lyney didn't mention the guest having a wardrobe change.

Unknown Role (None): Right, and do you really need to do that if you're kidnapping them?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, this is so confusing. Paimon doesn't wanna be a detective anymore...

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): What is this place?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like a vent.

Unknown Role (None): It seems someone could fit through here.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, could this have been the suspect's escape route?

Unknown Role (None): Alone, perhaps. But if they had to pull another person with them, this space would be too narrow.

Unknown Role (None): But there are no other ways in or out of here.

Unknown Role (None): Other than those that go through the magic boxes.

Unknown Role (None): And Lyney and Lynette were in the two magic boxes.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you're right! Let Paimon write that down...

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Well, we've ascertained the state of the crime scene.

Unknown Role (None): Let's find a place to sort out our findings once Melus returns. It seems to me that there are several things that don't add up here.

Unknown Role (None): Apologies for the wait, Demoiselle.

Unknown Role (None): So what did the Gardes say? Did the criminal escape through the vent?

Unknown Role (None): They believe the odds of that are very low, since the vent leads to the opera house's basement.

Unknown Role (None): The Gardes have checked the area carefully. No one left through the basement during the performance or after the incident, and no one was found hiding there.

Unknown Role (None): So the tunnel's become like a "secret chamber," then? Y'know, like the kind you usually see in novels?

Unknown Role (None): It would seem so.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, the plot thickens... Halsey's disappearance and Cowell's death are both quite inexplicable.

Unknown Role (None): No wonder Furina was so confident in her accusation. All the current evidence points toward Lyney and Lynette.

Unknown Role (None): In other words, the "charges" are very likely to be upheld unless we make some considerable progress.

Unknown Role (None): Charges and then trial... So, if the charges are upheld, they'll announce a sentence?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. This is how a trial goes in the opera house — during the proceedings, the Chief Justice and the Oratrice will hear statements from both sides.

Unknown Role (None): The Oratrice will too?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. This is how Indemnitium is produced.

Unknown Role (None): The statements from both sides, the defenses from attorneys, witness testimonies, and even the audience's emotions will all be projected on the Oratrice.

Unknown Role (None): To put it simply, it's as if the Oratrice has its own will, and is a judge in its own right.

Unknown Role (None): This also precludes any kind of favoritism on the part of the Chief Justice... Not that this has ever happened anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Fascinating.

Unknown Role (None): Once both sides have finished speaking, the Chief Justice will make his final decision. This, too, will be used by the Oratrice as a reference.

Unknown Role (None): Then finally, the Oratrice will be consulted by officials. The result it returns is the will of "justice" itself.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? So that machine is the one that actually decides? Paimon thought Neuvillette called the shots!

Unknown Role (None): In practice, there is very little difference. Both have always come to the same judgment — which is why people have great faith in the Chief Justice.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes. The Gardes also asked me to convey that none of us will be allowed to leave this place before the trial.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why!?

Unknown Role (None): Because we've chosen to act as the twins' proxies. That makes us persons related to the case.

Unknown Role (None): They're concerned that we might be colluding with outside parties, or that we might find outside help to disrupt the case...

Unknown Role (None): And even if that were not so, it could prove problematic if we happened to spread key information about the case ahead of time.

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready to break out at any time.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, whoa! There's no need for that! Paimon thinks they have a point. That said... are they providing food?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I just hope you don't mind the lack of options. I'm afraid that catering to all tastes is not in the cards, nor is any guarantee of balanced nutrition.

Unknown Role (None): Now's not the time to be picky.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, let's just sort out our findings together here. Pity, I was hoping to take you to try some of Fontaine's famous desserts, too.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, what better way to properly think through our findings than over some tea and sweets?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, breaking out suddenly doesn't seem like such a bad idea after all...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Just kidding, just kidding... Paimon will still do her best even if there are no snacks!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? What do you mean "no snacks"? Of course we'll have snacks! If we cannot buy some, then we'll simply make some.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Here? But how?

Unknown Role (None): Understood, Demoiselle. Everyone, please come with me.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you're carrying a portable stove with you?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I must be prepared to meet the Demoiselle's baking needs whenever the fancy strikes her.

Unknown Role (None): I have eggs, sugar, and almonds at the ready.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha. Good work, you two. Then I'll get to it. Please sit tight for a moment, you'll get to taste my awesome snacks soon enough!

Unknown Role (None): These three are quite the interesting group...

Unknown Role (None): Must be a Spina di Rosula thing.

Unknown Role (None): Navia methodically handles the ingredients and pulls fresh macarons out of the oven in short order.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, and Paimon thought it smelled good while it was still in the oven, it's even better now! Paimon can't stop drooling!

Unknown Role (None): From the way you had these two guys carrying all that stuff around, Paimon thought you'd have them do more during the baking process.

Unknown Role (None): But you ended up doing the entire thing by yourself... beating the egg whites, grinding almonds, everything.

Unknown Role (None): I was applauding.

Unknown Role (None): And I was giving encouraging smiles.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, that's not quite what Paimon meant, but okay...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon was just thinking, aren't you worried about getting your fancy dress dirty beating egg whites and baking like this?

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Well, I don't think it's carved in stone anywhere that fancy ladies can only read books, sip tea, ride horses, and play the piano. I just really enjoy making snacks.

Unknown Role (None): Don't underestimate beating egg whites, by the way. It's a real arm workout! You also need to beat them to just the right consistency, or your macarons will crack.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, give these a try, fresh out of the oven! There's three for each of us.

Unknown Role (None): Only three?

Unknown Role (None): Well, eating too many sweet treats might send all that sugar to your head. You wouldn't be able to think clearly about the case on a sugar rush, would you?

Unknown Role (None): Tea is ready to be served as well. This is Demoiselle's favorite, strong black tea with a floral fragrance that clears the mind and lifts the spirit.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you take a break as well?

Unknown Role (None): No need for concern. I'm merely doing as I should.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, down to business. As Paimon mentioned previously, the tunnel seems to be something of a secret chamber...

Unknown Role (None): However, we can assume that Lyney and Lynette were not alone within it. Some criminal also occupied its sealed confines.

Unknown Role (None): The magician twins could have committed the crimes, of course, but they lack any logical motive.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Why would they do such a thing right when everyone was watching?

Unknown Role (None): So apart from the twins...

Unknown Role (None): We're left with two other people: the missing girl and the deceased.

Unknown Role (None): The flower vase and the thud we heard during the performance could indicate some altercation between Halsey and the criminal in the tunnel.

Unknown Role (None): Resulting in the shattering of the vase, the discarding of her clothes, and her abduction...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the criminal thought that since she was chosen from the crowd, she would be too easy to identify if she was still wearing the same clothes...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks that makes sense, but the real trouble is...

Unknown Role (None): There's no evidence that this "third person" even exists.

Unknown Role (None): True. None of the clues we've found thus far support the existence of this third person.

Unknown Role (None): But the only people left to consider are both technically victims, whether it's the missing girl, Halsey, or poor Cowell...

Unknown Role (None): Huh, could Halsey have secretly made modifications to the magic props in order to murder Cowell before making her escape?

Unknown Role (None): But she had no way of knowing how the magic trick worked.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. And even if she had tampered with the setup, she would need to understand the entire trick to pull it off.

Unknown Role (None): Nor does she have any motive. The Gardes said that she has never had any dealings with the magic troupe's members.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Were we not thorough enough in our search?

Unknown Role (None): From the sound of things, this is turning into an impossible case.

Unknown Role (None): Your macarons are amazing though, Navia. They smell great, they're nice and crisp, and super sweet...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, they are my specialty, after all — and I see you've already had five of them.

Unknown Role (None): What? Five? Oh, that can't be right... Paimon only counted three... honest!

Unknown Role (None): Please, don't worry about it. At my age, a few less sweets might actually be a good thing.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, no, no... Being greedy is one thing, but Paimon knows how to count!

Unknown Role (None): Besides, Paimon knows that if she ate too many, then others wouldn't have enough.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. If you ate them, you ate them.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's fine. Everyone knows how much you love eating.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, even you don't believe Paimon!? Oh! ...How could you!?

Unknown Role (None): If Paimon ate those two extra macarons, then may they turn into stone in her stomach!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, alright, we get it. Well, I suppose one of us might have gotten too engrossed in our chat and eaten them by mistake! No big deal.

Unknown Role (None): Melus, set the stove up again, if you would.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): Making sure everyone gets three macarons, of course!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, there's really no need to do that.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! We don't wanna trouble you...

Unknown Role (None): As you wish, Demoiselle.

Unknown Role (None): I have eggs, sugar, and almonds at the ready.

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, this really is your hobby, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Navia does a second round of baking over the two missing macarons.

Unknown Role (None): However, the discussion that follows does not yield much progress...

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's it for snack time. I'm going to have another look around the area.

Unknown Role (None): I don't know what we're looking for yet, but we've still got some time. As attorneys, I suggest the two of you think the case over again.

Unknown Role (None): It would be awkward if you got all tongue-tied on stage during the trial.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. Thanks for your help — and for the snacks!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, it was nothing. A small task for the Spina di Rosula. Silver, Melus, it's time to go.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be back if I find anything new!

## Talk 25

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400627 could not be retrieved

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400616 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

[Missing Talk]: Talk 400617 could not be retrieved

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): So... we're just going back now?

Unknown Role (None): The problem seems to have been solved for now.

Unknown Role (None): We're not needed here anymore.

Unknown Role (None): That's true, but...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, please wait...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Lyney...

Unknown Role (None): I know you may not want to speak to me right now. Maybe you don't even want to look at me...

Unknown Role (None): But still, let me thank you again for defending me to the end, even after you learned that I am a member of the Fatui.

Unknown Role (None): I just didn't wish to see anyone be falsely accused.

Unknown Role (None): I just wanted to be sure that we're square.

Unknown Role (None): I guess. But regardless, I'd like the opportunity to set things straight...

Unknown Role (None): I didn't approach you with any ulterior motives or ill-intent. I've spoken to you as myself, just plain "Lyney," this entire time.

Unknown Role (None): As for why I'm a Fatuus, it's because the goals of the House of the Hearth align with those of an orphan like me. That's all.

Unknown Role (None): That was how "Fat{RUBY#[S]Otets}her," who you might know as The Knave, approached recruiting us back then, too...

Unknown Role (None): The Knave? The one who controls the House of the Hearth? She's your "father"?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. And since we're here, I was wondering... Would you mind hearing a story? It's about my past.

Unknown Role (None): Back when our parents first died, Lynette and I were left wandering the streets.

Unknown Role (None): To survive, I took to surreptitiously observing an older street performer who did magic. It took me several days to figure out how he pulled off his amazing tricks.

Unknown Role (None): I took my sister through several streets until we found a crowded corner, and we began to perform magic tricks there.

Unknown Role (None): To my surprise, we proved to be pretty popular, and we could at least stop worrying about where our next meal would come from for a time. But, I didn't want my sister to remain a street rat together with me forever.

Unknown Role (None): Before long, an aristocrat came to me, and claimed that he wished to take us in after watching my performances.

Unknown Role (None): So you went from orphans to nobility, just like that?

Unknown Role (None): That was how we felt at first, too... As if fate was on our side, and we could say goodbye to those painful days.

Unknown Role (None): But I gradually discovered that while we were called "foster children," he was really after my talent for magic tricks...

Unknown Role (None): He would constantly take me to all sorts of banquets to garner attention, which he would then use to expand his social circles.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't seem too bad either... Better than roaming the streets, at any rate...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. It took a while for me to realize just how dark his heart really was.

Unknown Role (None): After one particular performance at a banquet, I discovered that Lynette was not on the same return vehicle as me.

Unknown Role (None): I waited a long time after we returned home, but she did not come back. I went to that noble's bedroom and asked him about her whereabouts...

Unknown Role (None): The answer he gave me was: "She caught the eye of a most eminent person at the banquet, so I sent her over as a gift. I mean, you'll be able to perform your magic regardless of who your assistant is, yes?"

Unknown Role (None): Oh no... So he was gonna...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, but wouldn't Fontaine's laws deal with such people?

Unknown Role (None): As far as outsiders are concerned, this is a relationship akin to "adoption" or "foster care," and they have their ways of escaping the eye of the law.

Unknown Role (None): Villains.

Unknown Role (None): So what happened after that?

Unknown Role (None): I managed to ferret out the location of the mansion of that so-called "eminent person," and hurried through the night... But by the time I leaped over the walls, avoided the guards, and made my way in...

Unknown Role (None): All I saw was the moonlit ground covered in blood... and The Knave, standing there in the darkness.

Unknown Role (None): So she'd already taken care of that guy...

Unknown Role (None): That's right. She had rescued my sister before she could come to any harm, and had even discovered several girls hidden in a basement — all of them orphans.

Unknown Role (None): "Father"... I mean, The Knave, might have seen something in me, and so, she made me an offer...

Unknown Role (None): "The House of the Hearth welcomes you, for your interests align with ours. Here, none will ever betray you. Indeed, betrayal shall never be permitted here."

Unknown Role (None): I was hesitant to trust her. I mean, I had just been betrayed by nobles.

Unknown Role (None): But she was also quick to destroy the noble who had taken us in at first, giving us back our freedom.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how the two of you joined the House of the Hearth.

Unknown Role (None): That's all in the past, though.

Unknown Role (None): The Knave is after the Gnosis, isn't she?

Unknown Role (None): She... has her own plans.

Unknown Role (None): She has gained permission from the Tsaritsa to first use the Gnosis' power once she obtains it. She plans to use it to find a way to break the prophecy and save Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): So she believes in that prophecy too?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. The whole House of the Hearth is currently working to combat that crisis.

Unknown Role (None): Today's case has also proven that people from Fontaine can indeed dissolve into some sort of water, thus further supporting the prophecy.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone at Hotel Bouffes d'ete, including The Knave, has their roots in Fontaine. And we will always defend our homeland.

Unknown Role (None): To us orphans, the only connection we have left to this world, apart from our "family," is our homeland.

Unknown Role (None): So from small deeds like distributing Magic Pockets to huge schemes like stealing a Gnosis, everything is aimed at dealing with that prophecy...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry...

Unknown Role (None): But I still can't completely trust you.

Unknown Role (None): It's alright, I understand. The only thing I can do is relate all this to you.

Unknown Role (None): I just hope you can understand that even as a member of the House, I have never stopped making my own decisions, and that I believe what I'm doing is right.

Unknown Role (None): If you should need anything at all in the future, feel free to find me. I will do my best to help you, as plain "Lyney."

Unknown Role (None): I understand.

Unknown Role (None): Goodbye.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... bye, Lyney.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Hey there! What was with the disappearing act you pulled right as the trial ended?

Unknown Role (None): Were you looking for us, Navia?

Unknown Role (None): Well, this whole thing isn't exactly over, is it? I do feel that we're getting closer to solving the serial disappearances case, though. Don't you think so too?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, Navia.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? What's wrong, my dear partner?

Unknown Role (None): I was really only trying to defend Lyney.

Unknown Role (None): I wasn't necessarily looking into serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, are you sure we're the ones who can crack a case that's been cold for decades now?

Unknown Role (None): And given that there's new evidence from the trial, there should be a trail of breadcrumbs for the Hydro Archon's people to follow now, right?

Unknown Role (None): Ah...

Unknown Role (None): I see... Well. I won't lie — I'm a little shocked to hear that from you, but I suppose you are just travelers who have only arrived in Fontaine, after all...

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I might have been too presumptuous.

Unknown Role (None): Don't say that, Navia...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* And we were having so much fun investigating with you, too...

Unknown Role (None): It was like having new waters flowing into a stagnant mire, causing new hope to spring forth, and the reflection in the murk to become clearer.

Unknown Role (None): Haha... Sorry about that, I'm a bit prone to nostalgia. Don't mind me...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, shall we have a farewell meal? You know, to commemorate our time as partners?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Do we really need to get that formal? ...Well, guess you really did treat us as partners, huh.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I just like to have a proper ending to every important memory, that way there are no regrets later.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, it would just be a meal, so it shouldn't take up too much of your time.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you say so...

Unknown Role (None): Let's go have that meal, then.

Unknown Role (None): You don't have to twist Paimon's arm! If Boss Navia's treating, count Paimon in!

Unknown Role (None): Wonderful! In that case, why don't we return to the Court of Fontaine and head to the Hotel Debord? I believe we'll make it just in time for dinner.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, let's have our farewell meal!

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Go ahead, have a look around. In the end, we're both after the truth.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): (The rope that suspended the water tank was definitely tampered with by someone. This was no accident...)

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Lyney's magic tricks were the stuff of legends. But the way he did this crime... *sigh* He should've stuck to doing magic.

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Look, doing magic tricks is one thing, pulling off a crime is something else entirely. Maybe he was just too full of himself.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Could it be that I didn't see it happen?

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): If you do encounter Ms. Halsey, please contact the Gardes immediately.

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): My apologies, but access to the venue is restricted at this time. Please register first.

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of that, I think magic shows would be very popular in Poisson.

Unknown Role (None): I can see that... Hmm, maybe I should try to learn some magic. If I could make things disappear, cleaning my room would be a cinch!

Unknown Role (None): You need not worry about such things, Demoiselle. That falls under my duties.

Unknown Role (None): ...Oh, right.

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): (You don't know why there is a hook here. It might be a prop for a different trick.)

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): (A shattered vase and water... Something happened down here in the tunnel.)

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): (The young woman is gone, but her clothes are here. What does this mean?)

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): (The perpetrator could have left through here, but bringing the young woman with them would have proved tricky...)

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Whew, Paimon did it! Paimon actually managed to say all that. Wasn't it awesome?

Unknown Role (None): In other words, you believe that he knew nothing of the incident?

Unknown Role (None): That's right.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, I believe my opposition's reasoning is flawed.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? M—My reasoning?

Unknown Role (None): The onstage equipment was clearly tampered with in a premeditated fashion.

Unknown Role (None): However, you say that Cowell bumped into Lyney by chance.

Unknown Role (None): If that's the case, then if Cowell hadn't entered the tunnel, who was the entire setup meant to kill?

Unknown Role (None): Assuming that what you say is true, Lyney only needed to kidnap the young girl to cause a new disappearance case. What would the point of killing someone onstage be?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, they have a point...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, that's right, you tell them! And that's why they're partners of mine. They've managed to turn things around!

Unknown Role (None): W—Well. Your denial is very strident, I'll give you that! But what proof do you have to back your claims?

Unknown Role (None): Do you happen to remember...

Unknown Role (None): How you refuted Lyney's alibi initially?

Unknown Role (None): Of course I do. If he had been in the magic box the whole time, how could he have not heard that sound? Why do you ask?

Unknown Role (None): Ah. You're saying that he wasn't...

Unknown Role (None): Your claim has now become my weapon...

Unknown Role (None): Your claim has also become a critical clue...

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure we don't need to give this more thought? Paimon thinks there's something off here...

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): That's right! Lyney wasn't in the box or in the tunnel. That's why he didn't hear anything strange during the performance.

Unknown Role (None): This means that when the crime happened, Lyney had already entered the basement via the vent.

Unknown Role (None): The same clue you used to disprove his alibi has now become the best proof. Hehe, how do ya like that?

Unknown Role (None): Well played!

Unknown Role (None): Tch... To think you'd use such logic...

Unknown Role (None): W—Well then! If it wasn't Lyney who committed the crimes, then who was it?

Unknown Role (None): The murderer was...

### Additional Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That can't be right. Are you serious?

Unknown Role (None): Um, the killer was, in fact, Cowell, the deceased!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, is that so? How interesting. Let's hear your reasoning, then.

Unknown Role (None): (What I must do next is recreate the truth, what Cowell did, and how he went from would-be perpetrator to victim.)

### Additional Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): (The criminal must have understood the methods behind Lyney's magic trick, and must have been in a position to easily modify the equipment.)

Unknown Role (None): (Leaving aside how he died, Cowell had all the means to commit the crime at his disposal.)

Unknown Role (None): (The strange noise could likely have been the sound of Cowell and Halsey struggling.)

Unknown Role (None): (Lyney was not in the tunnel for one minute. This would have given time for Cowell to bring Halsey out of the magic box in the audience stands.)

Unknown Role (None): (But according to the Gardes' testimony, no one entered or left the opera house, so even if he had taken her, there'd be no means of exiting.)

Unknown Role (None): (Exiting from the box would have been in full view of the audience, pretty much guaranteeing that they would be discovered...)

Unknown Role (None): #What's wrong, Traveler? Are you still having trouble figuring things out?

Unknown Role (None): Where in the world did Halsey go...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. I see how it is! So this was all just a bluff. And here I thought you had something to show for it, but it seems you're still far from the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Look, since we're at a dead end, why not consider a different track?

Unknown Role (None): Just like the trick as it transpired, the end result must have been utterly different from the magician's initial design.

Unknown Role (None): If only we knew how Halsey disappeared...

Unknown Role (None): Well, that would be nice, but the tunnel only has three exits, and none of them seem very likely.

Unknown Role (None): And it's not like this is a magic trick where you can just make a real, live person disappear. Y'know, like you did from that water tank, Lynette...

Unknown Role (None): Magic...

Unknown Role (None): Escaping from the water tank...

Unknown Role (None): (Wait. Could it have been the water...?)

Unknown Role (None): Excuse my interruption, dear opponents, but do you not see that the crowd is growing impatient? There is no greater sin in this opera house than an awkward delay in the performance.

Unknown Role (None): If the defense is unable to make further effective arguments, we will move on to the next stage of the trial.

Unknown Role (None): Hold on a second!

### Additional Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Paimon gets it! It all comes together if Halsey "disappeared" instead of "being kidnapped"!

Unknown Role (None): Lynette escaped from the water tank, vanishing gradually and leaving only clothes behind.

Unknown Role (None): If there's a similar method where a person could be transformed into water...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Just a moment, please. I do hope you know how preposterous you sound at the moment.

Unknown Role (None): How could a person ever be transformed into water? This is reality we're talking about here, not some magic trick!

Unknown Role (None): I request that we examine Cowell's personal effects.

Unknown Role (None): We might find something there.

Unknown Role (None): Must we, really? I should think that of anyone, your friend Lyney already knows this truth very well...

Unknown Role (None): Magic tricks are ultimately just illusions and misdirection... but Halsey's disappearance is very real. We're talking about two completely different things.

Unknown Role (None): #Even so... I trust Traveler's judgment.

Unknown Role (None): The truth must be out there somewhere. Perhaps some new line of reasoning may open if we try to gather all the focal points that don't make sense.

Unknown Role (None): Since Cowell was the deceased, we haven't placed much attention on him.

Unknown Role (None): But given that we aren't making much progress with the case, it wouldn't hurt to have a look at his belongings, would it?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* People really do come up with all sorts of harebrained schemes when at the end of their rope. The way I see it, your suggestion that we broaden the scope of our investigation is nothing but a tactic for stalling the trial.

Unknown Role (None): Nevertheless, I believe that this is a reasonable request on the part of an attorney. Since the trial does indeed appear to be at an impasse, I believe that additional evidence may help us make more progress.

Unknown Role (None): Gardes, please step into the lounge and examine the personal effects of the deceased, Cowell.

Unknown Role (None): After some time, a Garde returns with news.

Unknown Role (None): We are still examining the items, but we have already made critical progress that we feel must be shared with everyone posthaste.

Unknown Role (None): We discovered several test tubes of fluid within Cowell's baggage, each labeled separately.

Unknown Role (None): The notebook in his backpack claims that these fluids are "Water from the Primordial Sea."

Unknown Role (None): The Primordial Sea...

Unknown Role (None): The notes' contents also indicate that Cowell belonged to an organization that sells illegal drugs, and that he had an accomplice.

Unknown Role (None): The notebook has many entries concerning safe usage of these fluids, in which the keyword "dissolve" appears many times.

Unknown Role (None): One of these tubes was labeled "Opera Epiclese" along with yesterday's date. It is empty.

Unknown Role (None): The notes also state that these dissolution properties work exclusively on people from Fontaine. It's likely that Halsey was chosen as some sort of test subject.

Unknown Role (None): As such, we believe that the defense's hypothesis is, in fact, supported by sufficient evidence.

Unknown Role (None): You've got to be kidding! People, dissolving into water?

Unknown Role (None): Could something so ridiculous actually be true?

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment, this reminds me of a certain prophecy. But... it's just a coincidence, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): If people can become water, does that mean that the water tank's real use was as a means to hide water stains? And if Cowell was targeting that girl...

Unknown Role (None): Wait just a minute... Could that mean...? You two, with me, quick!

Unknown Role (None): Demoiselle, wait! What about your partners?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go, just trust me!

Unknown Role (None): Order, order.

Unknown Role (None): It is undeniable that further examination of the deceased's personal effects has yielded some surprising results, but we cannot yet verify the veracity of these clues.

Unknown Role (None): Still, let us assume that these clues are indeed authentic — albeit with the understanding that Ms. Halsey has yet to be found.

Unknown Role (None): Gardes, please continue examining the items along these lines.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Lyney, it appears your hypothesis is supported by the evidence, so please continue speaking.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Thank you, Your Honor.

Unknown Role (None): If we uphold this hypothesis, I believe that many of this case's seemingly unrelated clues can be connected together.

Unknown Role (None): Right, like the metal hook. That one didn't make sense at all!

Unknown Role (None): Let's think about this. Cowell's methods must have something to do with that "Water from the Primordial Sea."

### Additional Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! It's Ace Detective Paimon's time to shine again!

Unknown Role (None): In the original plan, Cowell would tamper with the water tank rope and the number selector, securing his target.

Unknown Role (None): When the magic box containing Halsey was lowered, the metal hook would retract gradually and pierce the balloon at the top of the box.

Unknown Role (None): When the balloon attached to the box popped, the Water from the Primordial Sea inside it would pour down and dissolve Halsey.

Unknown Role (None): Afterward, Cowell would enter the tunnel and break the flower vase to conceal the water inside the tunnel, with the remaining evidence being covered up by the water tank onstage.

Unknown Role (None): But he encountered something unexpected in the tunnel, and wound up being fatally hit by the same water tank he meant to use to cover his tracks.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, that does make sense.

Unknown Role (None): That actually links together a lot of the more confusing pieces of evidence.

Unknown Role (None): (Oh dear, what do I do? Even I think they sound convincing now! Have I falsely accused an innocent person? Ugh, what a humiliation...)

Unknown Role (None): Now, it seems like the only point of contention remaining is the exact circumstances that led to Cowell's death.

Unknown Role (None): His notes mentioned he had an accomplice who could be related to the situation...

Unknown Role (None): On that note, the Gardes have just contacted me indicating that they uncovered new evidence.

Unknown Role (None): I shall now invite him onstage to share it with us.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Your Honor. We were just inspecting the luggage of the other people involved in this case...

Unknown Role (None): And we found an identical sample of the Water from the Primordial Sea among Lyney's personal effects!

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What!?

Unknown Role (None): That can't be.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, oh I see! Well, how wonderfully comedic, to have your own counterattack only to come back and wound you!

Unknown Role (None): Does this not clear all doubt?

Unknown Role (None): My dear citizens, my loyal audience, allow me to present my reasoning and bring this performance to a swift close.

Unknown Role (None): Oh no... Paimon can't think of anything either. It doesn't look like there's any way around this!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, seems using the water as new evidence was too good a move... why did this have to happen now?

Unknown Role (None): I think we've all seen enough now, and we have ample witnesses to my flawless reasoning.

Unknown Role (None): I believe this is indeed the "finale."

Unknown Role (None): Now then, my good, noble Chief Justice, should we not, in your view move—

Unknown Role (None): Excuse me, everyone, but I must interject!

Unknown Role (None): Miss, I must ask you not to shout and to respect the ongoing legal proceedings.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, come on, don't be hasty. I have a good reason for interrupting, you know. Now, would anyone here like to take a little break from all this debate, and see a little magic?

Unknown Role (None): I'll show you an amazing trick, one that can bring a young woman who has "disappeared" back in the flesh, right before our very eyes! Please do the honors Mr. Lyney, if you would be so kind.

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What in the world is she saying?

Unknown Role (None): No offense, Miss, but miracles like that are beyond my scope as a magician.

Unknown Role (None): Come on now, don't be silly. Magic is all about misdirection, isn't it? It often conceals the truth while presenting a fascinating illusion.

Unknown Role (None): But once everyone believes the illusion, can't magic reveal the truth to them once again?

Unknown Role (None): And wouldn't such a trick be the most marvelous finale to today's performance?

Unknown Role (None): Come on, Lyney and Lynette. Give it another go. Don't worry — Spina di Rosula has made the necessary arrangements on your behalf.

Unknown Role (None): But as the magic-makers and stars of the show, I think I should leave the final performance to you.

Unknown Role (None): I understand.

Unknown Role (None): *click*

Unknown Role (None): And voila!

Unknown Role (None): Um... Uh, sorry for the interruption.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, isn't that Halsey? So the whole thing about people dissolving wasn't true after all?

Unknown Role (None): To be clear, I'm only here because this person told me that if I testified, the merit of doing so would lessen my sentence...

Unknown Role (None): I was hiding outside this room listening to the proceedings because I was afraid that I would be the one put on trial...

Unknown Role (None): I was just feeling happy that no one had noticed me... and then before I knew it, she caught me.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that'll teach you to underestimate us three.

Unknown Role (None): Where should I begin... *sigh* I'm sorry. I'm the one who killed Cowell, I admit it.

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What? Why?

Unknown Role (None): Firstly, my name isn't Halsey. It's Liliane, and I'm originally from Mondstadt.

Unknown Role (None): I heard that Lyney's show was going to be a real thriller, but I missed the chance to buy a ticket, so I stole one.

Unknown Role (None): That's how I make a living, I steal stuff here and there... and I'd never been caught before.

Unknown Role (None): But I was noticed at the harbor a few days ago, and I barely got away. Lyney was the one who caught me in the act.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, no wonder you look familiar. So you were the thief!

Unknown Role (None): Lyney even mentioned that you were pretty skilled.

Unknown Role (None): Well, and I thought that would've been the end of it, but then the number selector chose me.

Unknown Role (None): He even mentioned the Fortress of Meropide. That's a prison, isn't it? So you can imagine how shocked I was — I thought he was onto me for sure.

Unknown Role (None): So I played along with the show while looking for an opening to flee, but then I got water poured on me for no reason, and then someone jumped into the tunnel to nab me...

Unknown Role (None): I wasn't going to take that lying down, so I knocked him out and stuffed him into the box.

Unknown Role (None): There was nowhere to run from there, though, so I had to change my clothes and hide in a box containing performance costumes.

Unknown Role (None): I slipped out after the first Garde arrived at the scene and continued hiding inside the opera house.

Unknown Role (None): Can a person even hide in there?

Unknown Role (None): If they're a practiced hand at concealment, probably...

Unknown Role (None): A professional thief could make it work.

Unknown Role (None): But I swear I didn't know that the water tank would fall down. Really, I swear it!

Unknown Role (None): Had I known that, I wouldn't have put him in the magic box! I may be a thief, but I'm no killer!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that makes everything pretty clear now, doesn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Now it's time to refute the Hydro Archon's previous reasoning.

Unknown Role (None): (This time, we need to tell the entire story from Liliane's perspective.)

### Additional Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): She knew that she would have to go through Garde inspection if she tried to leave afterward, so she has been trapped in the opera house these last two days.

Unknown Role (None): She had already become desperately hungry by the time we were chatting over macarons, so she swiped two of them right under our noses. Talk about a sneaky thief!

Unknown Role (None): At this point, all the events that happened in the tunnel have now come to light!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so that's the whole story...

Unknown Role (None): Bravo. Bravo!

Unknown Role (None): Now then, Lady Furina, do you wish to speak against the defense's statements?

Unknown Role (None): I... Um...

Unknown Role (None): Please answer the question, Lady Furina. Also, if I may add, the trial has not yet ended. As such, I request that the prosecution not leave the room before the proceedings have concluded.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh! What, are you reading my mind now!?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* No, I have no further arguments. I admit defeat. But really, could you at least have left me with some dignity?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, look at that. She's like a deflated balloon now.

Unknown Role (None): If there are no objections, then as the Chief Justice of Fontaine, I shall once again repeat the full sequence of events.

Unknown Role (None): The actual perpetrator of the serial disappearances, Cowell, selected his next victim from the audience reservation list.

Unknown Role (None): With some modifications to the selector, he could ensure that the pre-selected young woman would be chosen.

Unknown Role (None): To cover up any evidence while committing the deed, Cowell thought of allowing the water tank to fall, which would conceal the water left behind after the young woman was dissolved.

Unknown Role (None): He also tampered with the ropes suspending the water tank, using the fireworks at the end of the performance to cause the tank to drop and hide the water marks.

Unknown Role (None): He poured the Water from the Primordial Sea, into a balloon during the preparation of the magic box and stuck it to the box's lid.

Unknown Role (None): Finally, he passed the prepared hook on a rope through the gap in the magic box's door when bringing the young woman to said box.

Unknown Role (None): When the magic trick officially began, the box containing the woman was lowered into the tunnel, tightening the hook rope and bursting the balloon containing the Water.

Unknown Role (None): If all had gone to plan, the young woman would be dissolved at this time. However, Liliane was not from Fontaine, and thus fled the box with a loud noise.

Unknown Role (None): Realizing that there was trouble, Cowell entered the tunnel and met Liliane. Thinking that the Waters had not yet taken effect, he decided to proceed.

Unknown Role (None): However, his opponent was more capable than he thought, and he was overcome, knocked unconscious, and placed into the magic box, and thus became his own final victim.

Unknown Role (None): Liliane, according to her own statements, then changed clothes and hid until the performance ended before hiding in other parts of the opera house.

Unknown Role (None): As for Lyney, he was in the underground structures within the opera house, and was thus ignorant of these happenings.

Unknown Role (None): From this reconstruction of events, we can conclude that Lyney, the accused, is in fact innocent.

Unknown Role (None): Hooray, Lyney and Lynette! Amazing!

Unknown Role (None): While there is much in Lyney and Liliane's conduct that should still be investigated separately...

Unknown Role (None): This case, at least, can be handed over to the Oratrice to make the final decision.

Unknown Role (None): As such, Lyney and Lynette are officially declared "Not Guilty"!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Victory for Ace Detective Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Great work, partners!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you all, thank you so much!

Unknown Role (None): Let's not celebrate just yet...

Unknown Role (None): Next, I think we deserve an explanation, Garde Vaughn.

Unknown Role (None): How did you find the Water from the Primordial Sea in Lyney's baggage?

Unknown Role (None): Right! Your discovery caused me to make a serious mistake, you know! ...Or was that not a discovery, but false evidence that you dared to bring before this court?

Unknown Role (None): I suspect that the accomplice mentioned in Cowell's notes was not Lyney, but you, yes?

Unknown Role (None): I... Uh...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure you know what you must do to lessen your sentence.

Unknown Role (None): Speak quickly, unless you want to earn yourself a one-way ticket to coupon-town.

Unknown Role (None): I—I was just following orders!

Unknown Role (None): We were supposed to place blame for the serial disappearances onto Lyney and thus cause suspicion to fall on the Fatui. The higher-ups said that this was the best opportunity to do so.

Unknown Role (None): And now that your plan has fallen through, and the secrets of the Water have been revealed, you have become a liability to said higher-ups, yes?

Unknown Role (None): Therefore, you would be wise to tell everything you know and seek the protection of the Gardes.

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes! I'll tell you everything I know!

Unknown Role (None): Our boss discovered that the Water can cause people to dissolve.

Unknown Role (None): It can also be made into a potion which, when extremely diluted, can cause people to experience unforgettable exhilaration.

Unknown Role (None): We've been in this business for a while now and have made decent Mora off it. The disappearances were also the boss' idea. I mean, this is the boss we're talking about, the—

Unknown Role (None): Aaaargh!

Unknown Role (None): Huh!!!

Unknown Role (None): Huh!!!

Unknown Role (None): Whaa!?

Unknown Role (None): He... turned into water.

Unknown Role (None): And now he can no longer talk.

Unknown Role (None): Such ruthlessness. I shouldn't have expected any less of them.

Unknown Role (None): An outrageous act.

Unknown Role (None): All present, please submit to inspection immediately.

### Additional Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): (The broken magic box was left on the scene after the Gardes completed their investigation. Looking at it now, the water tank must've struck it really hard...)

### Additional Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): (This is where the magic box was struck. If Cowell weren't inside the box at that moment, he might've dodged the falling water tank.)

### Additional Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): (This should be the control device for the trolley. It seems to be able to operate automatically.)

### Additional Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): (A ladder is required in order to return to the magic box above.)

### Additional Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): (High precision is required to complete this magic show, and tracks are perfect for making the trolley stay on its designated course.)

### Additional Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): (All kinds of props and costumes are haphazardly stuffed inside.)

### Additional Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): (The trolley is crucial for transporting the magic box to the other side. The culprit must've used this to execute their plan...)

### Additional Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): (It looks like an ordinary box, but Lyney somehow moved instantly from the stage to being inside of it... how did he do it?)