# A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable Soul


## Talk 1

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4009301 could not be retrieved

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Help! Heeeelp! Someone's drowning!

Unknown Role (None): If only there was a kindhearted adeptus here to save us... Oh no, whatever will a Paimon do?

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's go tell Mr. Dvorak the news!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Someone carries you ashore, so quickly that you don't catch who it is...

Unknown Role (None): What is going on?

Unknown Role (None): How do you feel right now?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Shenhe, and the Conqueror of Demons...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—Why don't you say something...? *sigh* Please don't make Paimon explain it...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Okay fine! Paimon will explain.

Unknown Role (None): We're looking for an adeptus who's good at being a lifeguard and playing music.

Unknown Role (None): But if the adepti aren't gonna stay at home, then how are we supposed to find them?

Unknown Role (None): It wasn't me.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, yeah, so this adeptus is most likely a woman...

Unknown Role (None): #And I am not an adeptus. As you both already know, Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Heh... Okay, so this is Paimon's fault...

Unknown Role (None): No way Paimon would've suggested this idea if she'd known how awkward this was gonna be...

Unknown Role (None): I'm fine.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for troubling you both.

Unknown Role (None): Glad you're okay.

Unknown Role (None): You're leaving already?

Unknown Role (None): As far as I know, the one you seek is no yaksha. And one last thing...

Unknown Role (None): ...Your actions here caused others a great deal of worry. Do not repeat them again in the future.

Unknown Role (None): As ever, the Conqueror of Demons comes and goes just like the wind.

Unknown Role (None): R—Right... I didn't dare to say a word just now.

Unknown Role (None): How's your training going, Shenhe? Have you made any plans for Lantern Rite? We could spend it together in Liyue Harbor, if you'd like?

Unknown Role (None): I had planned to spend the festival with Master this year, however...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, speaking of Cloud Retainer, when did you see her last?

Unknown Role (None): Earlier this morning. She set off for Mt. Hulao at dawn.

Unknown Role (None): I noticed she was using an adeptus art of some kind to protect a mechanism that looked like a boiler. Maybe it was a gift for Mountain Shaper... I did not inquire.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so we just missed her...

Unknown Role (None): Please excuse me for a moment. I think I'll leave the gift in her abode.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): It sounds like Ganyu and Shenhe have gotten a lot closer recently!

Unknown Role (None): Yes. During the summer and winter, I continue to train with Master. In the other months of the year, I have been learning to adapt to human life in Liyue Harbor.

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu arranged accommodations for me in the city, and also recommended several work positions for me...

Unknown Role (None): But when I try to blend in by referring to her as "Ms. Ganyu" or "Lady Ganyu" like the others, she says I mustn't address her like that.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes I'm supposed to copy other people, sometimes I'm not... It's a little difficult to keep track of everything.

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu just doesn't want you to be too courteous around her.

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu gets embarrassed when people call her "Lady Ganyu."

Unknown Role (None): Oh, is that what it is... Noted.

Unknown Role (None): So, you came looking for Master today because you wanted to ask her about the mystery adeptus, is that right?

Unknown Role (None): Yep.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, speaking of that, have you ever heard any music while out training in the mountains?

Unknown Role (None): Music...? What is that?

Unknown Role (None): It's... a kind of happy or relaxing sound! Or, uh... a nerve-wracking sound... or even a terrifying one.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I'm done. I also left her a note so that she knows where to find us. We won't miss her again.

Unknown Role (None): Yay! That's really helpful, thanks!

Unknown Role (None): We were just talking about this thing called "music." And based on Paimon's description... I do believe I hear it every day. Please follow me.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, really? Great, let's go!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): This is the place. I enjoy training here to the sound of music.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): Mm... hmm...?

Unknown Role (None): Ahh, aaah!

Unknown Role (None): Oh no, Paimon's gone deaf! Paimon can't hear anything!

Unknown Role (None): Me too...

Unknown Role (None): My condolences, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, phew! Paimon hasn't gone deaf after all! Paimon heard you when you just spoke!

Unknown Role (None): ...Anyway, uh... where is this music?

Unknown Role (None): The faint sound of birdsong, the quiet murmur of the streams... These are relaxing sounds. Are they not the music of which you speak?

Unknown Role (None): Oh... heh... Paimon wasn't quite done with the description...

Unknown Role (None): Okay fine, it's all Paimon's fault! What we're looking for are not the sounds of nature, but melodies played on special instruments.

Unknown Role (None): And a melody is...?

Unknown Role (None): Go on, Paimon, sing us a nursery rhyme!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, don't you patronize Paimon! Hmph, let's get one thing straight: Paimon knows plenty of nursery rhymes, but Paimon does not sing on demand! ...Without payment.

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu, why don't you sing that folk song you sing to Glaze Lilies?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, why don't you just sing that one melody Shenhe's heard before? It'll probably help her to understand what we're talking about...

Unknown Role (None): Alright.

Unknown Role (None): ♪♪♪♪♪♪♪... ♪♪♪♪♪♪♪...

Unknown Role (None): Was that... from the opera that Yun Jin sang?

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm! That was a melody, and melodies can be called music!

Unknown Role (None): ...It felt like I was transported back to the past. In my mind's eye, I could see the Xiao Lanterns lighting up the night sky again...

Unknown Role (None): ...We're all there, raising our glasses and drinking to our hearts' content on the Jade Chamber...

Unknown Role (None): As I watched Yun Jin's performance, I felt a warm sensation in my heart... And as the drink reached my stomach, it went from warm to hot...

Unknown Role (None): When you hummed that melody just now, feelings from a whole year ago came right back to me, as strong as they were on that day.

Unknown Role (None): ...So that's the power of music.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Shenhe... that was so deep!

Unknown Role (None): Music definitely has the power to bring up memories. It's like a time capsule with all the special moments from our life squished inside!

Unknown Role (None): What about you, Ganyu? Are there any melodies that have left a deep impression on you?

Unknown Role (None): Um... I don't remember if my parents ever sang any lullabies to me.

Unknown Role (None): I know some local folk songs. And a few other things come to mind, too...

Unknown Role (None): The songs of the sailors down at the docks, the little ditties that the vendors call out in front of their beloved shops, the tunes of folk artists performing on the streets...

Unknown Role (None): All the sounds of Liyue Harbor...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right.

Unknown Role (None): In the past... whenever I heard the sound of those tunes, I always felt that they were worlds apart from me.

Unknown Role (None): Many in Liyue probably view me as a non-human... and they are right, in the sense that I never could connect with humans' artistic expression and their sentiments. So I haven't been able to integrate into their community, and be a part of their lives.

Unknown Role (None): At least, that's the view I held in the past. Only more recently did I start to realize that... the only barriers are ones that I have erected with my imagination.

Unknown Role (None): The way those melodies make me feel isn't all that different from other people after all. They're about mundane details of everyday existence, life's ups and downs, joys and sorrows...

Unknown Role (None): Even though we come from different backgrounds, and have different stories to tell... when it comes down to the most common things that we see and experience around us each day in the city...

Unknown Role (None): ...In that sense, we're all the same.

Unknown Role (None): You go, Ganyu! You're really making progress! You have loads of friends in Liyue Harbor when you think about it, like ...Hmm, okay, maybe some of them are more like coworkers and bosses, but at the very least, Keqing and Shenhe are your friends now, right?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I am.

Unknown Role (None): Technically speaking, we should refer to each other by the conventional forms of address used among fellow disciples. But now that I know what constitutes a friendship... I do believe we are more friends than co-disciples.

Unknown Role (None): ...Thank you, everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Once the days are warmer, I would like to host you at my home in the city. Please invite Keqing as well.

Unknown Role (None): I've planted many types of flowers. I'm sure some of them will be to your taste.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... you are too kind, I couldn't possibly...

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense. You are my friend.

Unknown Role (None): I have cultivated and cared for the flowers just as you taught me. Once you've seen them for yourself, I am sure you can advise me how to do an even better job next time.

Unknown Role (None): I will save some for decoration. We can feast on the rest.

Unknown Role (None): Then... thank you in advance. Wait, what is that saying again? "If you insist"?

Unknown Role (None): ...Do people say that? I'm not completely sure, either.

Unknown Role (None): It doesn't matter, okay! You got the point across, no need to split hairs. Paimon's more concerned about your idea of a girls' night out... Eating flowers? Really? ...Does this have anything to do with you both being the disciples of that illuminated bird?

Unknown Role (None): I doubt Keqing will be munching on any flowers...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Who dares refer to one not by one's adeptus title, but merely as "that illuminated bird"?

Unknown Role (None): Master.

Unknown Role (None): Our greetings, Cloud Retainer.

Unknown Role (None): Aaah, there it is! The illuminated bird has landed!

Unknown Role (None): Double hmph! Now she has the gall to use "it" rather than "she"! Even after being chastised once already! Huh, barely a moment has passed since we last met, and yet your impertinence has reached new heights. Very well, if you refuse to learn your lesson, one shall scold you no further.

Unknown Role (None): One has received your message from Ganyu. On the matter of the adeptus you seek, one suspects to know their identity.

Unknown Role (None): Well? Shall one lead the way?

Unknown Role (None): Yes please, Cloud Retainer.

Unknown Role (None): I still have to complete my training for today, so I will bid farewell to everyone here.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. Await my arrival at one's abode later this night. On this special occasion, you should indulge yourself with some savory dishes.

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite, Shenhe.

Unknown Role (None): If you want to release a Xiao Lantern, come and find us anytime.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, everyone. Happy Lantern Rite to you too.

Unknown Role (None): ♪♪♪♪♪♪♪... ♪♪♪♪♪♪♪...

Unknown Role (None): Fingers crossed this won't attract any Whopperflowers.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Is this... Guili Plains?

Unknown Role (None): Cloud Retainer, why did you bring us here?

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu is of course familiar with the name "Guizhong," but have you ever heard of her?

Unknown Role (None): I've definitely heard it somewhere.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not sure.

Unknown Role (None): Guizhong is another name of Haagentus, the God of Dust. She was extroverted in nature, and adored social gatherings and inventions alike.

Unknown Role (None): Long ago, this region was yet a prosperous assembly. Guizhong often invited her friends to visit her home, reserving for us seats around the largest stone table.

Unknown Role (None): Sea Gazer would always bring out his latest treasure and place it upon the table. *sigh* He could be quite the braggart... Though usually a mild-mannered fellow, when it came to those collectibles he was so fond of, he always loved to show them off.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon remembers that name! So that's what Sea Gazer was like...

Unknown Role (None): He was an old friend and a former rival. One has many memories of him...

Unknown Role (None): Once he had brought out the treasure, it would predictably become the center of attention. Neither Guizhong nor one was content to let him just steal the spotlight, so we would then also present our proudest mechanical creations.

Unknown Role (None): As adepti, we were each gifted in our own ways, and naturally proud of our accomplishments in our respective fields of expertise. As a result, one often quarreled with Sea Gazer.

Unknown Role (None): His treasures were not even of his own making. He just used his exploration skills to dig them out of the ground! How, pray tell, could he compare to me, when every single one of one's accomplishments was crafted by one's own hand!?

Unknown Role (None): Cloud Retainer, you are getting competitive again...

Unknown Role (None): ...Ahem, one digresses. Regardless, every time an argument occurred, Guizhong would come over to watch us during our mutual lambastings. On some occasions, she would join in, and on others, she'd take one of us by the limb, and start uttering the most ridiculous nonsense.

Unknown Role (None): What kind of nonsense?

Unknown Role (None): No kind of nonsense were we spared. Sometimes, she would brazenly opine "Ahh, why argue between yourselves when neither of you could ever hope to beat me?" Other times, she would make unsolicited suggestions such as "Once you two are done arguing, let's go to the foot of the mountain and grill some meat..."

Unknown Role (None): She always sought to make everyone happy, and one must say, she had quite the gift for it — no matter what nonsense she said, one never felt bothered or offended.

Unknown Role (None): ...It also helped that she never referred to one as "that illuminated bird" or "lady bird."

Unknown Role (None): You...! Come on, get over yourself!

Unknown Role (None): Hah. Anyway, just as our impassioned arguments would reach the apex of acrimony, Marchosius would bring his delectable dishes to the table.

Unknown Role (None): Who would dare snub the Stove God and his wondrous creations? At the sight of him, we would all immediately drop the argument, and prepare the table for a night of feasting and drinking...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, back then, one was always bothered by how the cups Rex Lapis brought were always too square for one's taste. Can you see yourselves ever enjoying a drink from a square cup?

Unknown Role (None): That does sound annoying.

Unknown Role (None): Precisely! So as you can see, even one as great as Rex Lapis was not immune to making the occasional blunder.

Unknown Role (None): I don't think I'd really mind.

Unknown Role (None): Then you are most tolerant. But that is its own virtue.

Unknown Role (None): Even one could never find fault with Marchosius' cooking. As we ate, Guizhong would continue to find topics for conversation, filling the table with humor and laughter.

Unknown Role (None): Each of those old fossils had their character flaws and points of obstinacy. So why was it that whenever we dined together, we always had a marvelous time?

Unknown Role (None): We would drink together from a spot high in the mountains, until the moon set and the sun rose, and only then would the banquet finally come to an end.

Unknown Role (None): Streetward Rambler would often remain to admire the flowers with Guizhong before returning to her own abode. The Glaze Lilies were far more abundant back then... entire fields of them would appear to the eye as a veritable sea of flowers...

Unknown Role (None): Streetward Rambler...?

Unknown Role (None): That would be Ping. You probably know her as "Madame Ping."

Unknown Role (None): Oh, okay... Wait, this is a lovely story and everything, but didn't we come here to find that adeptus from Mr. Dvorak's story?

Unknown Role (None): Or are you saying that... it was Guizhong? Didn't she, um... already, um...

Unknown Role (None): Alas... Long has one avoided this place for precisely that reason. The sights here are a reminder of a time long gone, and evoke much sorrow.

Unknown Role (None): One should have guessed that you would disrupt one's poignant moment of mourning with your incessant questioning!

Unknown Role (None): No matter... one will share the whole story with you now.

Unknown Role (None): 2D Closing Cutscene 
Cloud Retainer: In times gone by, one quarreled oft with Guizhong concerning mechanical principles. We each had our ideals, and neither would yield.
Cloud Retainer: Under the pretext of a social gathering, one invited the impartial Rex Lapis to judge the quality of our creations...
Cloud Retainer: But Rex Lapis declared that Guizhong's Obscuro Vulpes Mechanism was superior, hmph...
Cloud Retainer: Though one was too proud to acknowledge it, in one's heart, one knew that Guizhong was indeed the superior talent in the mechanical arts...
Cloud Retainer: As for the story between Guizhong and Streetward Rambler, that begins with a certain bell.
Cloud Retainer: In Guizhong's opinion, while mechanisms were no substitute for human composers, they were yet capable of producing simple but fine melodies.
Cloud Retainer: But Streetward Rambler believed music to be an expression of the soul, an emotional enterprise that could never hope to be replicated by machinery.
Cloud Retainer: They argued endlessly, until one asked Rex Lapis to intercede. He confiscated the bell, and designated it for ceremonial use.
Cloud Retainer: Thereafter, one would often find them convening in the mountains, discussing music, mechanics, and all the affairs of the mortal world.
Cloud Retainer: But these good times were not to last. War broke out between the gods, and soon engulfed the Guili Plains.
Cloud Retainer: Guizhong was overpowered by the enemy, and fell in battle. When Streetward Rambler and I arrived at the scene at long last, all that remained among the ruins... was her lifeless body.
Cloud Retainer: After this, at Streetward Rambler's request, Rex Lapis granted her the Cleansing Bell for safekeeping.
Cloud Retainer: To honor our friend's memory, one made a few finishing touches to her ballistic device...
Cloud Retainer: Many Lantern Rites have passed since then... many greetings and goodbyes.
Cloud Retainer: Upon what do you gaze? The Guili Plains?
Streetward Rambler: No, it's... everything. We think of human life as like a lantern that's lit one minute and extinguished the next, but are we adepti so different? Perhaps, as dust settles after a storm, we too must one day return to the world below.

Unknown Role (None): One has always been austere and private by nature, and has never relished socializing. One's dealings with Guizhong were borne out of discussions on the discipline of mechanics.

Unknown Role (None): What? You have loads of friends! And you seem pretty chatty...

Unknown Role (None): Just because one is not ignorant of social graces does not mean one is fond of them! One is perfectly capable of partaking in conversation despite being introverted.

Unknown Role (None): But in the end, one is nothing like Streetward Rambler. She is dauntless but thoughtful, not to mention eloquent and wise. Moreover, her friendship with Guizhong was far greater than one's own...

Unknown Role (None): Back when they were rivals, they would often compete against one another in the realm of musical composition.

Unknown Role (None): That Cleansing Bell was one of Guizhong's proudest works, having the ability to both compose and perform...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, that's weird. Didn't Madame Ping say she pestered an old friend for that bell?

Unknown Role (None): And she also said something about being a vain beauty when she was young, or something.

Unknown Role (None): Streetward Rambler, a vain beauty? Hah... My foot.

Unknown Role (None): That bell has a sad history. Clearly, she refrained from sharing with you the truth of its origins, since the right time had not yet come.

Unknown Role (None): As for her "old friend"... who else could it be?

Unknown Role (None): As soon as Streetward Rambler heard that a certain "Zhongli" wished to borrow the Bell, she realized that the man was none other than Rex Lapis, and that he had made an enormous decision.

Unknown Role (None): After all, we all have known each other for several millennia. Some things between us are implicitly understood.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, so they were talking in secret code? Paimon did not see that one coming...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, enough of your intrusions... Where was one up to? ...Ah, yes. One remembers now.

Unknown Role (None): The Cleansing Bell is powered by a mechanical art, and can be used to great effect as an accompanying instrument. After the passing of its creator, it was used on numerous occasions during rites of parting.

Unknown Role (None): But Streetward Rambler did not acquire it from Rex Lapis for the purpose of producing further funerary tunes. No, each time she rang it, it was to play the tune that Guizhong composed on it.

Unknown Role (None): The two once clashed over their beliefs about the meaning of music. Who would have thought that with Guizhong's passing and Streetward Rambler's mourning, two tunes composed in discord would eventually become one harmonious composition...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Once upon a time, Streetward Rambler also loved gatherings, liquor, and music. But after Guizhong passed, she preferred her own company. She could often be found sitting alone at a mountain summit, contemplating and reminiscing with her zither.

Unknown Role (None): The music would go from mournful, to soothing, to impassioned...

Unknown Role (None): Many years passed before she finally composed a melody to her satisfaction. In celebration, she played the tune to the clouds. Regrettably, one has only ever heard her play that tune once.

Unknown Role (None): Which brings one back to the matter you've been investigating... Perhaps it was during that performance that the ancestor of your Fontaine friend fell into the water, and was saved by Streetward Rambler.

Unknown Role (None): But... if she was so happy with the melody, why would she only play it once?

Unknown Role (None): One was also greatly perplexed by this. After suppressing one's curiosity for a long while, one finally approached her, and asked why she would retire the tune after having spent so long on it.

Unknown Role (None): In response, she said...

Unknown Role (None): "Though the strings that played that melody survive, the one who inspired it is gone. Tell me, Cloud Retainer... when the one attuned to my soul is no longer here, who else could hope to understand this tune?"

Unknown Role (None): Aw... Poor Madame Ping...

Unknown Role (None): I just remember being taken care of by you when I was young. Once the Archon War came to an end, I stayed behind in Liyue Harbor to honor my contract.

Unknown Role (None): Although I met Guizhong a few times, I never knew anything of this particular story...

Unknown Role (None): Guizhong was quite the visionary, but tragically passed before her time. Her manuscripts still lie unfinished in the Realm of Clouds... the blank pages give one cause for contemplation on what might have been.

Unknown Role (None): Had you not decided to search for that mystery adeptus, perhaps these stories, too, would have been lost to the sands of time.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): As of now, you know the truth: That the adeptus who rescued the drowning man was none other than Streetward Rambler.

Unknown Role (None): Do you intend to discuss this with her?

Unknown Role (None): Do you mean... Ping might find the topic too distressing?

Unknown Role (None): Precisely. The passing of our old friend is a heavy topic that both of us are usually careful to avoid.

Unknown Role (None): If I may be so bold... Cloud Retainer, could it be that this is just your own personal opinion?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? How so?

Unknown Role (None): I've been in Liyue Harbor for quite a long time now, and I've witnessed many farewells along the way. So I, too, am well acquainted with the pain of the passing of a loved one.

Unknown Role (None): But this doesn't bring the city or its people to a standstill. They have to keep moving forward.

Unknown Role (None): Someone as perceptive and wise as Ping will surely have come to understand and embrace this.

Unknown Role (None): Though these immortal mountains have lost an adeptus, the harbor of mortals has gained a wise elder.

Unknown Role (None): No loss can ever be undone, but there is always much that can still be gained.

Unknown Role (None): Ping has helped countless people, and will guide many others in the years to come. And all to whom she extends a helping hand become her friends. People she can admire flowers and discuss music with.

Unknown Role (None): Though it is heartbreaking to lose a kindred spirit, life goes on... because there are new friends waiting for you further down the road.

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu is right.

Unknown Role (None): We even asked Madame Ping what she thought about adding a music festival to this year's Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): When we get back, why don't we just ask her if she'd like to perform? Maybe we could even get her up on stage!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hah, you youngsters and your imaginations.

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you come with us?

Unknown Role (None): It's been a long time since you last spoke with Ping. And Liyue Harbor is always decorated so beautifully during the festival period...

Unknown Role (None): Is not every Lantern Rite the same in this regard? Were there ever anything new to discuss, one and Ping could meet any day of the year.

Unknown Role (None): I disagree. Each new day and each new year is different from those that have come before. How long will you simply let them pass you by?

Unknown Role (None): If nothing else, do it for Ganyu.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmm, the edibles she brought this time were indeed quite delectable...

Unknown Role (None): Do it as a favor for me?

Unknown Role (None): ...Very well.

Unknown Role (None): Then one will be off. If the other old fossils have sneaked away into the city to amuse themselves, one shall soon find out...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, we should be getting back to the harbor as well. We don't want to keep her waiting.

Unknown Role (None): Say... if we planted flowers there and cared for them carefully enough, do you think that one day, we'd be able to recreate the sea of Glaze Lilies?

Unknown Role (None): Allow one to take back one's praise from a moment prior. You are still far too given to flights of fancy, child.

Unknown Role (None): What...!? Cloud Retainer? Y—You were still listening?

Unknown Role (None): One observed that you were making no effort to leave and returned to chasten and hasten you! This time, one is departing in earnest.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Once the Guili Assembly, now the Guili Plains...

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Madame Ping, and Cloud Retainer...?

Unknown Role (None): It appears you made haste after all. One arrived but moments before you.

Unknown Role (None): Bless my soul, to what do I owe the honor? How nice of you all to come and visit me...

Unknown Role (None): Miss Illuminated Bird, haven't you said anything yet?

Unknown Role (None): Said what, precisely? And why should one be tasked with saying it?

Unknown Role (None): 'Cause you're the one who's known Madame Ping the longest!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Streetward— Ahem, or rather... presumably, you would prefer to be addressed as "Ping"?

Unknown Role (None): Ohoho... Cloud Retainer, you are uncommonly polite today.

Unknown Role (None): One... Uh... Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): Given that Lantern Rite is almost upon us, the weather in the city is most pleasant, and a sweet floral fragrance lingers in the air...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Ganyu, please continue from here!

Unknown Role (None): Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): A—Alright...

Unknown Role (None): So, this all started because we were trying to help Mr. Dvorak find the adeptus who saved his ancestor's life...

Unknown Role (None): Ganyu recounts the story to Madame Ping...

Unknown Role (None): Cloud Retainer informed us that the one who played that melody and rescued the drowning man was none other than yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... let me think... Yes, I do believe I recall that encounter...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): What a long time ago that was... I'm surprised that you still remember it.

Unknown Role (None): Even more astonishing, perhaps, is the fact that this story has survived this long at all, when mortal lives are so very brief...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... It appears that she has proven herself right once again.

Unknown Role (None): Who's "she"...?

Unknown Role (None): We like to call her "Guizhong." From the look in Cloud Retainer's eyes, I sense that she has already told you all about her.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*... Albeit reluctantly, one might add.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, there is no harm done.

Unknown Role (None): After all, Lantern Rite's very purpose is to commemorate the heroes who gave their lives for Liyue.

Unknown Role (None): Although Guizhong did not live to see the splendid sights of today, she was as much a hero as any other.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... so how has she proven herself right again, exactly?

Unknown Role (None): Once upon a time, she said to me that humans were a weak form of life that she wished to protect with her wisdom.

Unknown Role (None): But as she interacted more and more with them, her opinions on them began to change.

Unknown Role (None): She marveled at the beautiful complexity of their spirits... the sheer splendor of all they could accomplish through their hard work and intelligence.

Unknown Role (None): She told us that to underestimate human potential would be to make a grave mistake...

Unknown Role (None): With the smallest amount of guidance, enormous power can be unleashed in them...

Unknown Role (None): And a human who has reached their full potential may well be her equal. Someone who could have as much to teach an adeptus as to learn from them.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, she always had a way with words.

Unknown Role (None): That her mechanical accomplishments were judged superior to one's own was, one suspects, in large part due to her sheer eloquence.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of mechanics, Cloud Retainer, do you still remember that potted plant mechanism? The one that the two of you gave me as a gift.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Guizhong and one both put an immense amount of effort into that gift. It would be no overstatement to call it a testament to each of our individual technical genius...

Unknown Role (None): As Guizhong once said: "It takes every blade of grass and every flower to make a homeland."

Unknown Role (None): ...When I see the sight of Liyue Harbor before us today, I am reminded of this.

Unknown Role (None): Madame Ping looks very emotional right now...

Unknown Role (None): Well, she's been through a lot in her time...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*... Of all of us, it was Guizhong who was the fondest of these grand and exciting occasions.

Unknown Role (None): If she were still with us, I'm quite sure she would still be trying to best Cloud Retainer's finest works at every opportunity...

Unknown Role (None): Liyue Harbor is always filled with the sound of music at this time of the year... If she were here, one is certain that she would seek you out to discuss and debate the virtues of various melodies.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah! Music!

Unknown Role (None): We've been dying to ask: What was the melody that you played back then?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, also, with you being such a music expert and all, why don't you join the concert as a performer?

Unknown Role (None): I can make arrangements right away!

Unknown Role (None): Oho... As much as I don't wish to dampen your enthusiasm...

Unknown Role (None): It's been a long time since I played this zither. My fingers don't have the dexterity they once did...

Unknown Role (None): And whenever I play that tune... it always reminds me of her. I start wondering what she would think of the changes I've made to her melody...

Unknown Role (None): There was a period of time whenever I started strumming, it almost felt like she was back again, sitting right there on the stone stool next to me, chatting away. Skybracer and Sea Gazer, too... looking just like they did in the old days.

Unknown Role (None): No matter how much time goes by, the moment that melody starts playing, it transports me right back to that time in my memory...

Unknown Role (None): So the past still weighs heavily on your heart?

Unknown Role (None): I would be lying to myself if I claimed to have completely moved on.

Unknown Role (None): But that is not to say that grief doesn't get easier with time.

Unknown Role (None): ...Despite the sadness, I have found many things that bring me joy in life. It is simply the nature of the world in which we live that even if one wished to mourn for an eternity, it would be a nigh-impossible feat.

Unknown Role (None): Just look at this potted plant. Isn't it stunning?

Unknown Role (None): It takes an honest and open mind to confront and conquer grief. You have indeed made progress.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Be that as it may, I shall leave the Lantern Rite stage to the youth of today.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you're sure...

Unknown Role (None): Granny!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, what's everyone doing here? Did something bad happen?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, and now we've spooked Yanfei. No, no, everyone's just here to give me their regards for the holiday...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? That's wonderful! I'm glad.

Unknown Role (None): Well, in that case: Happy Lantern Rite everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite.

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite. Oh! I... I just remembered that I have some, uh... work to do at Yuehai Pavilion that I need to discuss with Yanfei. I haven't been able to find a chance until now...

Unknown Role (None): I will leave Mr. Dvorak in your capable hands. Cloud Retainer, Ping, we will be off for now.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Does it have to be right now? Which case is this again? Hey, Ganyu...

Unknown Role (None): Ahh... It seems Ganyu still has much to learn when it comes to the art of deception.

Unknown Role (None): What a pity... she has learned nothing of one's ability to carry a conversation.

Unknown Role (None): Since it's been so long, Cloud Retainer, why don't you stay? I'll make a cup of tea, and we can chat a while.

Unknown Role (None): Gladly. This was one's intention as well.

Unknown Role (None): When you next see the Fontaine musician, please give him my regards. I'd like to wish him the very best with the concert.

Unknown Role (None): You got it, Madame Ping!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you all... I think you've listened to enough of my nattering for one day.

Unknown Role (None): As for that melody, I will play it for you all another time. Goodness knows I need to practice it first.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, that'd be great! We'll look forward to it!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): When that time comes, wherever her spirit may be among the countless grains of sand and specks of dust between the harbor and the mountains... perhaps she will look at the Liyue of today, and steal a smile when she sees the prosperous land that it has become.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Dvorak!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, and Keqing's here too... Thanks for helping set all of this up.

Unknown Role (None): Welcome back. Did everything go well?

Unknown Role (None): Really, really well! We found the person Mr. Dvorak was looking for!

Unknown Role (None): A—Are you serious!?

Unknown Role (None): You recount the true story of the "fairy lady" to Keqing and Dvorak...

Unknown Role (None): I see... So, the melody my ancestor heard was an adeptus remembering her late friend...

Unknown Role (None): That certainly explains why it was such a powerful and poignant tune...

Unknown Role (None): Huh. That's a really interesting first reaction. Guess that comes with having a musical mind.

Unknown Role (None): ...I have to say, though, it's hard to believe that the fairy from the tale is now an elderly granny...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon knows exactly what you mean! Normally, adepti don't age at all!

Unknown Role (None): But Streetward Rambler, or "Madame Ping" as we know her, probably only became old because it's what she wanted for herself.

Unknown Role (None): Madame Ping possesses vast knowledge and great wisdom. Whatever physical form she may decide to take, her mind and wits are as sharp as they come.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, Keqing summed it up perfectly! That's exactly what Paimon was trying to say.

Unknown Role (None): I think... Yes, I must thank her in person.

Unknown Role (None): That can wait until after the concert though. For now, I need to devote all my emotional energy to the performance.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, speaking of, Madame Ping wishes you all the best with the music festival!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has a sneaking suspicion that she'll stay in her usual spot, but listen to the performances from afar!

Unknown Role (None): ...Wait, are you serious?

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Oh no, now I'm starting to get nervous...

Unknown Role (None): Relax.

Unknown Role (None): Just treat it like any other performance.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, alright...

Unknown Role (None): Nope! Another rehearsal is in order. Please excuse me, everyone...

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Dvorak! ...Ah, he's already gone. Paimon wasn't even finished telling him everything...

Unknown Role (None): Before we set off on our search with Ganyu, he asked us about what music means to people. After our recent adventure, Paimon thinks we have a lot more to say about that now.

Unknown Role (None): Please, share your insights with me.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, well... we found out that music can be used for good, but also for bad.

Unknown Role (None): Um... It can make people happy and moved, but it can also be sad and bittersweet...

Unknown Role (None): And music is like a kind of memory written in people's hearts. It can put you in touch with feelings from a totally different time and place.

Unknown Role (None): Pretty much. Though there was more to it than that.

Unknown Role (None): That was a broad summary, but not the most detailed.

Unknown Role (None): It sounds like you had an eventful trip... Don't worry, I'm sure Ganyu will fill me in on all the details shortly.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, does that mean you're gonna carry on working?

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm. Just a few things to wrap up. All the groundwork is done.

Unknown Role (None): As long as everyone enjoys the festival activities, all our efforts are worthwhile.

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite.

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite to you as well.

Unknown Role (None): Whew... that should be everything taken care of, right? Oh no, wait...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon feels like she's forgetting something... Ugh, what was it? Ugh, it feels like it was a while ago!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, shoot! Latent— Wait, no... anyway, uhh, fancy Bamboo Shoots!

Unknown Role (None): Bamboozle soup!

Unknown Role (None): Made from "Nascent Bamboo Shoots"!

Unknown Role (None): Zhongli said he wasn't in a hurry, so if we went now, there's probably still time, right?

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, even if we don't make it, it's not our fault! He could've totally picked them by himself...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, anyway, let's go check with him at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Mm hmm! Da-da, da-da, da-da, da-da.

Unknown Role (None): Dah-da-da-dah, dah-da-da-dah, oh!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's take a break here.

Unknown Role (None): Oh wow, look who it is! Are you here to hang out with everyone's favorite funeral director?

Unknown Role (None): So you're just... casually practicing your rapping skills at the entrance to your funeral parlor... in broad daylight... Uhh, okay...

Unknown Role (None): You're, uh... freaking me out a little.

Unknown Role (None): I... uh... wow.

Unknown Role (None): Heheh, after everything we've been through... you don't see me for a hot minute, and you're back to being scared of your own shadow.

Unknown Role (None): We have all this open space, a clear view of the mountains behind and the sea in front... not to mention we have several invisible audience members enthusiastically cheering us on! It's the perfect spot to rehearse!

Unknown Role (None): Invisible audience members...?

Unknown Role (None): Gotta say, it took me a few days to get used to Director Hu's way of talking.

Unknown Role (None): Xinyan was pretty spooked too when she first got here! Just like when she sees a frog. But a giant frog. With sharp teeth!

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, knock it off.

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong? I've never seen someone look so confused before. Well, don't worry, because Director Hu's here to explain it all!

Unknown Role (None): There once was a Fontaine musician
Who went around town on a mission
He came door to door
For his Iridescence Tour
Looking for acts to audition

Unknown Role (None): With my words, Xinyan's chords, and Yun Jin as our mentor...

Unknown Role (None): We'll take the stage by storm, with flames roaring, and the whole audience calling for more!

Unknown Role (None): Heck yeah!

Unknown Role (None): For sure! The whole dance floor will be yelling "encore, encore"! ...Ugh, now Paimon's rhyming along... Um, but when you say "flames roaring"... are you sure this'll be safe?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, don't you worry about that! I'm pretty experienced on the stage, and I've already informed the Yuheng of all the pyrotechnics we're planning on using.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Guess we'll just have to trust Xinyan on this one.

Unknown Role (None): Have you seen Zhongli, Director Hu?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Zhongli? He took one of those fancy meal boxes and set off for the mountains. Said he wanted to pay a visit to some old friends.

Unknown Role (None): It's a real pity that he couldn't be around for this. As well as being a true connoisseur of traditional art forms, he's able to appreciate Xinyan's performances, too...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's right! Matter of fact, he was the one who first invited me to perform here.

Unknown Role (None): To tell the truth, though, I never thought I'd really find myself rehearsing here one day...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, well, now you know: The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is a great location! All of you are always welcome to come and hang out here, especially if you're in the mood to try something new!

Unknown Role (None): I can speak to that. Hu Tao is always full of fun surprises!

Unknown Role (None): ...And jump scares.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, Xinyan, I have some lyric ideas for your part. Do you wanna go through them together?

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing! I'm all ears.

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, Traveler and Paimon, I believe Zhongli was heading to Mt. Hulao. So, make sure you're hiking up the right hill!

Unknown Role (None): When you see Zhongli, please pass on this message to him: It's up to him whether he wants to support us at the performance tonight... but I expect him to make time for the upcoming banquet we're planning. No excuses!

Unknown Role (None): You should join us too! It'll be a riot. If there's one thing I've learned from being a funeral director, it's how to throw a party!

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Paimon sees them! It's Illuminated Deer and Illuminated Bird number two.

Unknown Role (None): Greetings, everyone. Long time no see.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... A familiar face. Have you come from Liyue Harbor? How is the city nowadays?

Unknown Role (None): Everything's great! But you know, if you're so curious, you can always go and check it out for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, Moon Carver has been taking many walks on Mt. Tianheng in recent times. I believe the sights of the city are quite familiar to him.

Unknown Role (None): Zhongli! Here you are. We've brought the Bamboo Shoots you wanted.

Unknown Role (None): Impeccable timing.

Unknown Role (None): Zhongli puts the nascent Bamboo Shoots into the cooking mechanism next to him. Moon Carver and Mountain Shaper power it using their Adeptus Arts...

Unknown Role (None): Traditionally, Bamboo Shoot Soup ought to be slow-cooked for many hours on low heat. Using Adeptus Arts to hasten the process is something of a shortcut.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, that mechanism... Is that...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Cloud Retainer kindly lent me her supreme cuisine machine.

Unknown Role (None): Can we not just call it a "cooking machine"? ..Ugh, actually never mind.

Unknown Role (None): She seems to take a lot of pride in her mechanical gizmos, so it's probably best if Paimon doesn't go changing the name willy-nilly.

Unknown Role (None): I trust that you found the answers you were seeking during your recent journey?

Unknown Role (None): Yes.

Unknown Role (None): Excellent.

Unknown Role (None): The past should be remembered, but not overly dwelt upon. Our journeys should be seen as a means to take on more from the world around us.

Unknown Role (None): When the Bamboo Shoot Soup is ready, I must insist that you try some for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Of course!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Zhongli, Hu Tao told us to tell you something!

Unknown Role (None): She said: "It's up to him whether he wants to support us at the performance tonight... but I expect him to make time for the upcoming banquet we're planning. No excuses!"

Unknown Role (None): When she says "performance," she must mean the Lantern Rite music festival!

Unknown Role (None): As for the banquet, uh... she didn't tell us anything more about that, but she invited us to come as well.

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, I have a prior engagement with two adepti friends of mine tonight. Please give Director Hu my best wishes for the performance.

Unknown Role (None): As for the banquet... Hmm, since the Director insists, far be it from a mere consultant like myself to refuse.

Unknown Role (None): Yay! Then we'll see you there?

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely.

Unknown Role (None): Rex Lapis, the Bamboo Shoot Soup is ready.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I will examine it right away.

Unknown Role (None): The appearance is exquisite, and the aroma rich and intense. The craftsmanship of this machine is commendable indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Since you came all this way, you should not leave empty-handed. Please take some soup. It tastes most exquisite while still warm.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): (The Integrated CS will be automatically triggered if the player returns to the Liyue Harbor performance venue between 18:00 and 20:00)

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Ping, what say you to convening more often in the future?

Unknown Role (None): That would be quite wonderful. But I must say, after all this time, I've grown quite accustomed to the harbor... When we are to meet, I shall have to trouble you to make the journey to the city.

Unknown Role (None): You sound just like Shenhe. The child is constantly telling one all sorts of stories from the city, as if one was partial to them...

Unknown Role (None): Have you ever considered moving to the city, Cloud Retainer? There are plenty of people here to talk to. I think you would find it quite the antidote to the monotony of solitude.

Unknown Role (None): And if you looked around, I suspect you would find some young minds with an interest in the mechanical arts — some of them even worth training.

Unknown Role (None): Haha. We shall see.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): I intend to reminisce with my old friends for a while longer. You ought to get back to Liyue Harbor. There is a performance you do not want to miss.

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Had one known that Cloud Retainer was in possession of such eminently useful devices, one would have sought to borrow one from her long ago...

Unknown Role (None): And yet, since you share my lack of enthusiasm for mechanisms and fine dining, it would have become a mere decorative ornament in your abode.

Unknown Role (None): Not so. Had one had such a device to make up for one's lack of culinary prowess, Shenhe would not have had to rely on flowers and herbs alone for sustenance while under one's care...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... in that case, shall we rendezvous with Cloud Retainer one day soon, and request to borrow one more supreme cuisine machine?

Unknown Role (None): A fine idea... a fine idea indeed.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Okay, everyone, I think that's a long-enough break. Let's take it from the top, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Yun is such a strict mentor! These breaks aren't even long enough to have a sip of tea.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, well, you were desperate to get involved, and this is what it takes. If I gave you half the chance, you'd be sipping tea till nightfall.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, how about I treat us all to some late night snacks once we're done! Hu Tao, whatcha cravin'?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... how about some Stir-Fried Filet with a side of Crab Roe Tofu?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Where are we gonna find Crab Roe Tofu so late at night?

Unknown Role (None): We could always just go pester Masterful Chef, Xiangling.

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, now I'm hungry. Alright, let's knock this out and then go grab some food!