# A Riddle Amidst the Crowds


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose, we're here!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Traveler, Paimon! I only just arrived myself, so I'm still getting ready.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, and Collei just passed by a moment ago. She said she had some things to sort out at the inn where she's staying, but she'll meet up with us when she's done.

Unknown Role (None): Apparently, Tighnari and Cyno both went out, but she stayed behind because she wanted to help us.

Unknown Role (None): Understood. How has progress been on your end?

Unknown Role (None): Not too bad. After reviewing it again with fresh eyes, I came up with a new theory which seems to hold some water. I'll attempt to explain it as simply as I can...

Unknown Role (None): I believe that each of the four things in the prophecy refers to a different field of knowledge. So in a way, the prophecy is a test of the reader's intelligence...

Unknown Role (None): But it's unlikely for any one person to have expertise in all these different areas, so I suggest that we seek out one expert from each and get their opinion.

Unknown Role (None): Also, in two out of the four areas, the prophecy seems to want us to find specific people. It may even turn out that the people themselves are the answers.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, so it sounds like we should put our heads together and list out the people who can help us!

Unknown Role (None): Exactly. I think we can go through each riddle in turn and generate four groups of names to match the four questions.

Unknown Role (None): That makes sense.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then let's start from Group 1! The first riddle was... "a flower that is not of this world."

Unknown Role (None): Personally, I would still go with Albedo for this one. Alchemy is the most likely to have to do with otherworldly things, and he is by far the leading expert in this regard.

Unknown Role (None): You'd count as an expert too, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! You're the creator of the Tetratanic Sweet Flower. Who knows, maybe that's the flower we're looking for!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You really think so? Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, but what about Tighnari? He's a Forest Watcher and knows all about plants. If it's a flower we're looking for, maybe he's the man for the job!

Unknown Role (None): Alright. I'll add him to the list as well.

Unknown Role (None): On to Group 2. This subject is... "a guide who will never get lost."

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that's kind of abstract... Does it just mean someone who never loses their way?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, but they have to be able to guide others, too, so it's not quite as simple as that...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps... an astrologer, then?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean Mona? Yeah, she'd definitely count!

Unknown Role (None): Mona... Yes, she certainly seems very confident, and she can use her astrology to guide people.

Unknown Role (None): Would Bennett count?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why him?

Unknown Role (None): Well, his luck's so bad that as long as you go in the opposite direction from him, you'll always be going the right way, right?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, I see... I—I suppose I can't argue with that logic...

Unknown Role (None): Add him to the list! Finding everyone won't take long, so one extra person won't hurt.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I know! Would Outrider Amber be a valid candidate for this category as well?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, she would! She's got a great sense of direction, after all. As a matter of fact, when the Traveler and Paimon first came to Mondstadt, she was actually the one who gave us directions.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, she's certainly a good guide.

Unknown Role (None): Is there anyone else?

Unknown Role (None): Let me think... Ah yes, I believe there may be one more.

Unknown Role (None): Albedo once made a set of equipment for Mika from the Reconnaissance Company. He's their surveyor, and an exceptional pathfinder.

Unknown Role (None): He's even instructed others in the discipline of surveying before. So in my view, he's highly unlikely to lose his way and would be very good at helping others find theirs.

Unknown Role (None): Cool. Another one for our list.

Unknown Role (None): ...Wait, Collei should've been here by now. Wonder what's taking her so long? ...Sorry, could we continue our chat somewhere else?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you wanna go see how she's doing, right? Sure, let's all go!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Hi Collei, hope we're not intruding or anything... Is everything okay?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Sucrose! I, uh... I was preparing some... stuff...

Unknown Role (None): Is it time already? Oh no, I—I'm sorry...

Unknown Role (None): (Collei seems to be wrapping gifts, and now she's frantically trying to hide it. I wonder who they're for?)

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, the Traveler and I only just met up. We were just worried that you might get lost along the way, so we thought that we'd come get you.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I'm ready to join you now! Um, how's that thing going?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose tells Collei about the four riddles and the results of your discussion...

Unknown Role (None): So let's pick up where we left off.

Unknown Role (None): Next up is the third line: "one who would never lie"... Hmm, anyone spring to mind?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe... Diluc?

Unknown Role (None): Uhh... you really think so? Seems like it would be pretty difficult for someone in his position to avoid having to lie.

Unknown Role (None): (Ah yes, his secret alter ego: the Darknight Hero. He must have to deny it if anyone asks. In that sense, he has a complicated relationship with the truth.)

Unknown Role (None): Then what about Kaeya? He's the Cavalry Captain and a rather popular figure, but...

Unknown Role (None): You think there's something fishy about him too, huh? Yeah... he's definitely a sneaky one! Bet he lies all the time.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, I can't help but agree with you there...

Unknown Role (None): There's the Tone-Deaf Bard... Uh, but on second thought, he wouldn't qualify either. He talks way too much nonsense. Hmm... is there anyone else we're missing?

Unknown Role (None): Acting Grand Master Jean? She has a good name in that regard... but from what I know, she sometimes covers up the truth out of concern for those around her...

Unknown Role (None): For example, when Lisa loses track of time in the library and misses her patrol shift, Jean'll come up with some excuse, like "Lisa's ill today."

Unknown Role (None): Also, she sometimes makes up stories to get Klee to behave. Like the one about the big monster that comes to catch naughty kids who don't go to bed on time... D'you think that rules her out?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, white lies are still lies... But do we really have to reject her because of some harmless fibs? It's not like she had evil intentions.

Unknown Role (None): This prophecy seems very strict...

Unknown Role (None): No, we're the ones being strict!

Unknown Role (None): Rosaria doesn't strike me as the type of person to lie.

Unknown Role (None): Ah Collei, you probably haven't met her yet, have you? She's a sister from the church who looks, um... a little scary and not very sociable.

Unknown Role (None): What gives you that impression?

Unknown Role (None): She stopped by the alchemy bench once, a long time ago, and asked me about Albedo.

Unknown Role (None): I thought maybe she was trying to find him, for work or something. But when I asked, she just said that she was curious about him because he was so intelligent, and wanted to talk to his assistant to find out what he was like.

Unknown Role (None): A lot of people might have given a more tactful justification, but I could see in her face that she wasn't trying to hide anything. She was just very direct and straightforward.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I don't think of her as the lying type.

Unknown Role (None): Rosaria doesn't look like the sort of person you'd want to get into a fight with... Maybe she just fights her way out of situations that some people might lie to get out of?

Unknown Role (None): I can definitely see that! I've also heard the other sisters say that Rosaria doesn't even make excuses when she skips choir — she just doesn't show up.

Unknown Role (None): She's a tough cookie, huh. Let's put her name down.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I think Cyno fits in this list, too!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, true. Lying's probably more trouble than it's worth for someone like him — kinda like with Rosaria.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and Paimon also nominates Razor! Bet he couldn't lie to save his life.

Unknown Role (None): I've also got someone else in mind, Noelle, the trainee knight! She's a very honest person. I don't think she'd tell a lie.

Unknown Role (None): Alrighty, write her name down too!

Unknown Role (None): ...Wait, there's one more person... You know, our long-standing staffer at the alchemy bench...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You mean... Timaeus?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, him. Um, truth be told, he's been lovestruck recently.

Unknown Role (None): He swore that he wouldn't say a dishonest word or slack off until he succeeds in getting the woman he loves.

Unknown Role (None): Timaeus has a crush!?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right.

Unknown Role (None): Well, who is it? Do you know her?

Unknown Role (None): I've never met her. All I know is that she's from Liyue... Timaeus says that she's fun, has a great personality, and is very, very good-looking.

Unknown Role (None): All great qualities, but that says nothing about her identity...

Unknown Role (None): Since we're on the topic — helping Timaeus win the lady of his dreams was also one of my goals for this Windblume Festival!

Unknown Role (None): But how can we help with that?

Unknown Role (None): I dunno, make sure he uses nice paper and a fancy envelope when he sends letters to her, help him pick a nice gift and wrap it properly... That sort of thing.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, yeah, yeah! I had the same situation once in the Avidya Forest. I helped another Forest Ranger out by delivering a love letter to the coworker she likes...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, that sort of thing, exactly! Oh, also, I helped him with some of the groundwork for one of his research projects. He must have appreciated it, because he gave me a refrigeration device that he's been developing as a thank-you gift.

Unknown Role (None): Is it any good?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... I mean, it looks nice...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a "no."

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, alright, guess we'll put lover boy down on the list then.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so last of all, we have "a legend that never ends." Anyone come to mind for this particular line?

Unknown Role (None): Lisa, perhaps? A librarian understands books best... and aren't most legends written down somewhere?

Unknown Role (None): Not necessarily, but you have a point.

Unknown Role (None): When I think about "legends," fairy tales and picture books come to mind.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe Collei! She read a lot of fairy tales when Tighnari was teaching her to read.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Do I count?

Unknown Role (None): Of course you do. I'll put you on the list.

Unknown Role (None): Are you eligible for this one, Sucrose?

Unknown Role (None): I prefer to read things like "An Illustrated Analysis of Alchemical Substances and Their Uses," "The Fascinating Principles of Crafting," and "Hypotheses of Life"...

Unknown Role (None): Point taken... Paimon didn't quite understand any of those...

Unknown Role (None): Hmmm. Klee might be a good choice. Her mother, Alice, is a renowned traveling author, so I'll bet she's been exposed to all sorts of myths and legends.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, Klee makes the shortlist!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that should just about do it. Next up, we should go and ask the people on the list about the prophecy.

Unknown Role (None): Do we have to ask absolutely everyone on the list? It seems like a lot of people...

Unknown Role (None): It is, so I was thinking that perhaps we should split up? That might make our search more effective.

Unknown Role (None): Okie-dokie!

Unknown Role (None): Also, I've thought of a method of gathering feedback...

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose shares her idea with everyone...

Unknown Role (None): No problem, we can do that.

Unknown Role (None): #You and Traveler are practically joined at the hip, so you two can go together. I'll pair up with Collei.

Unknown Role (None): Capable Collei and Sensible Sucrose... sounds like a winning combination!

Unknown Role (None): ...Okay, I promise I'll help! Capable Collei... yeah, I got this!

Unknown Role (None): #Rest assured that the unbeatable Traveler and Paimon will do our part too! Off we go!

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): I plan on starting from the person with the most defined stronghold, so let's go to the library. Lisa should be there.

Unknown Role (None): "Stronghold," That's an, uh... interesting word to use.

Unknown Role (None): Umm... maybe "den"? No, that's even worse...

Unknown Role (None): How about... "lair"?

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Here we are! Lisa's lair!

Unknown Role (None): (Oh no, that was a bad word choice. Now Sucrose is using it and it's all my fault...)

Unknown Role (None): Lisa, might I ask if... Huh?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose? Collei? What are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): I can only "Sucrose" that they were "Collei"-ng in on someone. At "Lisa," that's as far as "Cyno."

Unknown Role (None): Please... Just stop it with these puns, I beg you. Are you trying to win worldwide fame for unfunny jokes?

Unknown Role (None): Um, is Lisa not here at the moment?

Unknown Role (None): Surprising, isn't it? She went out. I'm afraid it's just us here looking for information.

Unknown Role (None): Except me. I'm not here for information. Like you, I came here on an abortive search for the librarian, who is also my Akademiya senior.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you studied in the same Darshan as Lisa?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Her mentor in Sumeru was also my benefactor. We were both Spantamad students.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, that's cool... But wait, we're getting sidetracked! We came here to look for some information — Collei and I are investigating a prophecy, and we were hoping you all might be able to help.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What sort of prophecy?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose and Collei take turns explaining the prophecy and the information that they compiled with the Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): I see... You want to ask them about the "flower that is not of this world," and me about the "one who would never lie."

Unknown Role (None): But there's no rush! You don't need to answer right away! We're just here to tell you about the situation. You can take your time to think it over, and submit any thoughts you have in written form to the Sucrose Mailbox.

Unknown Role (None): The Sucrose Mailbox?

Unknown Role (None): Yep. I was thinking about it on the way, and although these seem like trick questions, there's a lot to mull over once you get down to the details. A quick answer off the top of your head might not go into enough depth.

Unknown Role (None): So, I decided to place a mailbox next to the alchemy crafting table. Everyone can submit their written answers there when they're ready.

Unknown Role (None): We don't have to call it the Sucrose Mailbox, though. It could just as well be called the Sucrose and Collei Mailbox, or even the Sucrose, Collei, Traveler, and Paimon Mailbox...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I think in this case, we CAN just go with your quick answer off the top of your head...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a good solution. Certainly more reliable than verbal discussion alone.

Unknown Role (None): Agreed. Certainly when it comes to discerning whether someone is a liar or not, you cannot simply take them at their word.

Unknown Role (None): Understood. Once we've had a look into it, we'll place our replies into your mailbox.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you all so much. Okay, let's tick them off the list, and carry on working our way down...

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm. Already done.

Unknown Role (None): I'm pleasantly surprised to see those two introverts getting along so well.

Unknown Role (None): Do you get the feeling that Collei's return to Mondstadt has emboldened her more contrarian side?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I'd noticed that too.

Unknown Role (None): Traveling and meeting old friends are both good for the body and soul.

Unknown Role (None): And isn't rediscovering one's youth while revisiting old haunts a worthwhile pursuit?

Unknown Role (None): ...When I first met Collei, she'd never known happiness or youth.

Unknown Role (None): But things are different now. Her Eleazar being cured was a huge milestone in her life.

Unknown Role (None): Collei is a very sensitive and introverted child. I'm sure you must have noticed that too, Albedo.

Unknown Role (None): From the time she's been in my care, I've observed that she's actually a very lively character by nature... but she had a very rough start in life, and it changed her.

Unknown Role (None): So might I assume that your respective claims of looking for plants and artists in Mondstadt were just pretexts?

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't say that. Both Collei and Genius Invokation TCG are very important to me.

Unknown Role (None): Would it really kill you to just say "yes" in this situation?

Unknown Role (None): Fine. Yes, we came out of concern for Collei. She's been back to Mondstadt of her own accord several times, but it has led to no significant improvement in her mood.

Unknown Role (None): Well, it won't hurt to give her some more time. I believe that Sucrose might be able to help her.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like an extension of your own self-confidence as her teacher.

Unknown Role (None): You could say that. In a similar vein... I've heard that Sumeru's scholars often build their social relationships based on their academic ones. Is that true?

Unknown Role (None): I suppose it might look like that from your perspective. Sumeru's society is something of a special case — the reason it is known as the city of learning is because all of its resources are in some way linked to academia.

Unknown Role (None): As such, academic resources equate to social capital. It is not unheard of, for example, for people to build a family in order to pursue further studies.

Unknown Role (None): But the relationship between the three of us is not an academic one turned social. We've never even worked on a paper together, for starters.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so the academic paper is the nexus of the academic family? Interesting.

Unknown Role (None): I would think of us more as siblings. An equal and pure relationship, unaffected by academic considerations.

Unknown Role (None): As much as I'd prefer not to admit it, that statement is not inaccurate.

Unknown Role (None): I can understand that position. I have a younger sister myself, and it's only natural for me to be protective of her.

Unknown Role (None): What you described fits the idea of a city of learning as I imagine it. The family is where all social relationships intersect... as such, a family founded on common goals may actually be more stable.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, who's the eldest between you?

Unknown Role (None): Let's not go down this rabbit hole, please.

Unknown Role (None): In terms of age, I'm the eldest, of course. He just doesn't want to admit it.

Unknown Role (None): But your mental age is younger than that. I daresay even by enough to be the youngest sibling. Perhaps I could bring Collei into this happy family to be your elder sister?

Unknown Role (None): No... You will never see me admit to being the youngest sibling! Except perhaps as a last-ditch effort to turn the tables in a game of cards.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Guess we'll leave Collei and Sucrose to it. Fingers crossed all goes well for them! Now then, where should we go first?

Unknown Role (None): Let's try our luck at the bulletin board, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): A lot of people tend to show up there at some point in the day — maybe we'll get lucky!

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Nice! Just as we hoped, there's a load of people here!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Even Lisa's here?

Unknown Role (None): Hi everyone, long time no see.

Unknown Role (None): #Hey there, Traveler and Paimon! It's been a while. How've you been?

Unknown Role (None): We've been doing pretty well!

Unknown Role (None): You look surprised, cuties. Is it because of me?

Unknown Role (None): Teacher is... not at the usual place.

Unknown Role (None): Oh please, it's not as if I'm glued to my chair. I like to get out for a little fresh air every once in a while.

Unknown Role (None): Mika's here today, so I thought it'd be a good time to introduce him to Bennett and Razor. They're all out and about quite often, so it's helpful for them to get to know one another.

Unknown Role (None): Hello, everyone. My name is Mika.

Unknown Role (None): Hi, Mika. Good to see you again.

Unknown Role (None): Hello, Mika. Nice to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): I—I look forward to working with you...

Unknown Role (None): No need to be so formal! We've known them for ages, they're cool!

Unknown Role (None): Windblume... fun?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, we haven't gotten to the fun part yet! We've been busy investigating a prophecy.

Unknown Role (None): A prophecy? What kind?

Unknown Role (None): A good one, or a bad one?

Unknown Role (None): You explain the prophecy and tell everyone what you've learned so far...

Unknown Role (None): Gosh, that all sounds quite fascinating.

Unknown Role (None): I can't believe I made it onto your list of names... You really think I'll be able to help?

Unknown Role (None): Believe... in yourself!

Unknown Role (None): Right, believe in yourself! You're a first-rate adventurer, Bennett.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, then in that case, I'll step up and present my thoughts on the matter! ...Uh, except I forgot I'm not really good at organizing my thoughts... Oops...

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to tell us all of your thoughts right here and now! Sucrose said she'll put a mailbox next to the crafting bench, so you can just write down your thoughts when they come to you, and drop them there.

Unknown Role (None): A meticulous and efficient plan. Yep, that sounds like Sucrose.

Unknown Role (None): I will think also. Give me some time.

Unknown Role (None): You still have other people on your list that you need to go see, right? We should leave you to it! Don't worry about us, we'll drop off our letters at the mailbox as soon as we're done.

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Bye for now!

Unknown Role (None): Let's head over to Starsnatch Cliff next! Maybe we'll be able to find some people there.

Unknown Role (None): And even if we don't find any familiar faces... You can see really far from up at the top. Maybe we can find people that way!

Unknown Role (None): Aw, you're working so hard. Do be sure to get some rest when you can. If you get tired, you know you're always welcome to visit me for a break and a cup of tea.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Where to next...? Let me check my notes... Ah, this way!

Unknown Role (None): Got it! Collei, please follow me.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's our lucky day! There are several people over there.

Unknown Role (None): Amber!? Wow, and Eula's with her too...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Oh, it's Sucrose! And Klee also spies... the girl with the long scarf!

Unknown Role (None): Collei, we were just talking about you! Ah, right, I don't think you've been introduced to Noelle before. Collei, this is Noelle, maid of the Knights of Favonius.

Unknown Role (None): Nice to meet you, Collei. I missed you the last few times you were in Mondstadt, so I'm glad to finally meet you in person.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Uh... N—Nice to meet you too, Noelle! My name is Collei... but you already knew that.

Unknown Role (None): Relax, you two. There's no need to be so courteous — we're not on some kind of diplomatic mission here.

Unknown Role (None): Klee, what are you doing here? Are you planning to blast some fish?

Unknown Role (None): Nope! Klee's on patrol with the other knights.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, now that you mention it, it looks like everyone here's a Knight of Favonius except for Collei and me...

Unknown Role (None): I'd heard that there was a very young knight in the ranks, but it's still a surprise to see with my own eyes...

Unknown Role (None): Collei, what do you do?

Unknown Role (None): I'm a Trainee Forest Ranger in the Avidya Forest.

Unknown Role (None): Trainee...?

Unknown Role (None): It means I'm not officially a fully qualified Forest Watcher yet. I'm still learning.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're just like me! I'm still working towards becoming a fully qualified knight.

Unknown Role (None): Technically, though the distinction is hardly relevant right now. This isn't a very formal patrol... we're just chatting.

Unknown Role (None): (Whew... Don't panic, Collei, just pick a topic and join the conversation! Don't panic, whatever you do, don't panic... It's just Amber and her friends. There's no need to be nervous...)

Unknown Role (None): Let me guess... were you chatting about the new guests in town?

Unknown Role (None): Yep! A few folks from Sumeru have come to visit, so we're brainstorming a few nice surprises for them...

Unknown Role (None): Amber!

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Sorry, I... uhh...

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, at least I didn't say anything about what the surprises are...

Unknown Role (None): (Oh nooo, how am I supposed to join this conversation now? What do I say to that...)

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of nice surprises... we've actually had a fairly big one recently.

Unknown Role (None): What kind of surprise? Tell me! Tell me!

Unknown Role (None): (Ahh, I'm saved, Sucrose has given me a lead-in. Now, I just need to follow on from what she's already started talking about...)

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose and Collei tell everyone about the "nice surprise" that they've been working on — namely, of course, the prophecy...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. What an interesting prophecy... I have no idea what the answers could be, though.

Unknown Role (None): So essentially, you're gathering information to help you solve the riddles, correct? I'll do my best to help.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much, Eula.

Unknown Role (None): Any time.

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to answer right away. We'll put a mailbox next to the Crafting Bench for people to drop us a note once they've thought of something.

Unknown Role (None): I'll drop something in there for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Nice idea, I think we can all commit to writing a note. We'll see what we can come up with.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, don't worry, you can count on us! But we do have to finish our patrol first.

Unknown Role (None): What route are you taking today?

Unknown Role (None): We started in the Stormbearer Mountains, and we'll end at the city gates. You'd be very welcome to join us, but it sounds like you're pretty busy with all this.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): No — there's always next time. We'll join up with you after we're done working through this prophecy.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... yeah, so, um... We'll be on our way for now! Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): See you later! Have a safe trip back.

Unknown Role (None): Are you okay, Collei?

Unknown Role (None): Uhh... was it that obvious?

Unknown Role (None): No, no, not at all. It just looked like you had something on your mind.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, so that means it was obvious... *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Whatever's bothering you, you can talk to me about it if you want. I'm happy to help.

Unknown Role (None): ...Thanks, Sucrose.

Unknown Role (None): Well... the truth is, I don't really know how to act around Amber and the others.

Unknown Role (None): Really? I thought you two were good friends.

Unknown Role (None): We are... Amber's a really important friend to me...

Unknown Role (None): ...I don't know. I guess, if I'm being completely honest, the problem's probably with me...

Unknown Role (None): The first time I came to Mondstadt, I was really immature. I didn't wanna let people in, and I was generally pretty awful to everyone... Amber was the one person who didn't give up on me. If it wasn't for her persistence, I wouldn't have found a friend at all.

Unknown Role (None): Without Amber, I might not even be here today. And because of that, I really look up to her. I think of her as my role model, and hoped that maybe one day, I could learn to be like her...

Unknown Role (None): ...But after trying and failing for several years, I think I've finally realized... I'm no Amber, and I never will be.

Unknown Role (None): Looking back, it seems silly that I ever thought like that. We're nothing alike at all... My personality's so... weird. I always get so anxious and I overthink everything...

Unknown Role (None): Aw, Collei... don't say that.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Um, Sucrose, would it be okay if I... told you a bit about my past?

Unknown Role (None): The two girls come to a stop at a place with some lovely scenery...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): (I already knew bits and pieces about her, but still... Why did she have to go through all that?)

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, we've only just met and I'm already dumping all of this on you... This is why I get so frustrated at myself. I'm always doing this... I get into a spiral of self-doubt, and then I end up having to find somewhere to vent it all out...

Unknown Role (None): No no no, it's fine! I—I'm really glad that you're willing to tell me all this.

Unknown Role (None): People don't open up about their deepest feelings unless they really trust the other person. Don't you think? At least... I think it's kind of an honor.

Unknown Role (None): And I mean... Umm... You've probably noticed by now, but I don't have the best social skills either. I always just end up talking about the things I'm interested in, and going on and on...

Unknown Role (None): But even so, you still listen to me when I talk my head off about alchemy. It's a relief to listen to you talking about yourself for once.

Unknown Role (None): If you hadn't told me all of those things, I never would have guessed that you struggle so much. Honestly, I feel like we're very similar people.

Unknown Role (None): ...R—Really?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! Everyone has their own problems to deal with... I certainly do!

Unknown Role (None): All the feelings that you talked about just now... I totally get it. It takes so much more effort for us introverts to fit into a crowd.

Unknown Role (None): When you were saying about how you try to think about what to say in advance, and you're constantly terrified of saying the wrong thing and making things awkward... I relate to that so much! Oh, and also that part about studying under a genius...

Unknown Role (None): In fact, before meeting you, I'd never met anyone who seemed so similar to myself.

Unknown Role (None): Oh...

Unknown Role (None): Um... I'm not very good at giving words of comfort or anything, and I'm not gonna tell you to just get over it or stop worrying about it. How about we just sit here for a little while? We don't have to force a conversation if we can't think of anything. We can just... sit here together.

Unknown Role (None): (Sucrose has stopped talking, but for some reason, this doesn't feel awkward at all. Maybe she's right, and we're more similar than I realized.)

Unknown Role (None): (In Sumeru, I always like to find a quiet place to just sit and watch the scenery, but it's always by myself. I never thought there'd be a day when I could do this with someone else by my side...)

Unknown Role (None): (...Mondstadt's breeze is so gentle and soft.)

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Collei... see that cloud over there? Doesn't it look like... one of my test tubes?

Unknown Role (None): Um... uh... I don't think so... Sorry...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, then maybe we're not quite on the same wavelength on everything... at least, not when it comes to looking at clouds in the sky.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Sucrose. I feel much better after talking to you...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, it helps a lot, doesn't it? I also vent to my flasks sometimes. The next time we get the chance, I have to show you my Tetratanic Sweet Flower and my Tetratanic Windblume...

Unknown Role (None): Your Tetra-what??

Unknown Role (None): Two of my favorite things I've made. They're really cool. I think you might like them.

Unknown Role (None): O—Oh, okay! Yeah, you'll definitely have to show them to me sometime!

Unknown Role (None): I brought some crackers with me, you want one? There's cheese flavor or tomato flavor.

Unknown Role (None): Sure! Hmm... I'll try the cheese one!

Unknown Role (None): ...Aw, look! They're enjoying the scenery together!

Unknown Role (None): Shall we go play with them?

Unknown Role (None): No, it's fine. Let them sit for a while.

Unknown Role (None): We're not what Collei needs right now. She needs a new friend — someone different, who's never met her before.

Unknown Role (None): I don't get it... Is there a difference?

Unknown Role (None): There is! You'll understand once you're a little older, Klee. People can draw different kinds of strength from different kinds of friends, and right now, Collei needs someone that's just not the same ol' me!

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (3323379122)

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): We're back! Aw, but it looks like you two beat us.

Unknown Role (None): Welcome back! Did everything go well?

Unknown Role (None): Yep, we managed to find and talk to everybody!

Unknown Role (None): We got back a little early, so we took some time just now to put the mailbox together.

Unknown Role (None): We really got lucky today — the vendors were feeling super generous, so we didn't even need to pay for the materials! It's just a shame that Collei got a splinter...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, don't worry about me! I'm used to working in the rainforest — I get splinters all the time. I've already taken care of it.

Unknown Role (None): We've already wrapped up everything on our to-do list for today, so all we need to do now is wait for everyone's letters to arrive.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, why don't you get some rest while I keep an eye on the mailbox?

Unknown Role (None): You're definitely your master's student, Sucrose! As long as you or Albedo are around, Paimon can relax and know that everything's taken care of.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, stop, you're embarrassing me...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, actually, there's one thing that still needs taking care of... Paimon's starving! Hey, Traveler, you wanna get dinner? Your treat?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I guess I'd better go get Paimon some food.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go with Sucrose to return the leftover materials to the vendors. You two, go get a proper meal — we can't have anyone going hungry!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, now would be a good time for a break. Once everything is ready, let's meet up here again and collate all the information we've gathered.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a plan!

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Paimon will have this one... And this one, and this one...

Unknown Role (None): Hear that? ...It's the sound of Mora pouring out of my wallet...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Paimon's really hungry! And don't forget, Paimon's also ordering for you, too. It's not like Paimon's gonna eat everything by herself!

Unknown Role (None): Now that Paimon mentions it, you realize that you, too, are ravenous...

Unknown Role (None): Whew! Paimon is super full...

Unknown Role (None): (It feels pretty good to just relax and take in the scenery after all that great food.)

Unknown Role (None): Is everything packed up and ready? What do you think about meeting up at five to go to my house?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, everything's ready. I've packed some great wine and smoked ham — your parents will love it.

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Ham? Look, we've known each other for quite some time now. Don't you think it's been long enough for you to remember that we only eat bacon in my house?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I must remember to get some milk today on my way home...

Unknown Role (None): Please feel free to pay a visit to Cat's Tail any time.

Unknown Role (None): Enjoying the scenery?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Tone-Deaf Bard! Are you here for some food as well?

Unknown Role (None): Should we order something for you?

Unknown Role (None): Oho, I can put something on your tab? Well, that's a pity, I already had a few drinks before coming here.

Unknown Role (None): I shall take you up on your kind offer another day! There should be no shortage of opportunities in the future.

Unknown Role (None): Anywho, you should be getting ready to thank me, I come bearing good news!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? What kind of good news?

Unknown Role (None): Behold!

Unknown Role (None): (It looks like...)

Unknown Role (None): (A paper with a simple map and something like an incantation on it.)

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): It's what you need the most right now — the answer to the prophetic puzzle~

Unknown Role (None): !!!

Unknown Role (None): Simply head to the location marked on the map, and you'll find the lantern you've been looking for. However...

Unknown Role (None): If I were you, I wouldn't just go and reveal the secret right away. As you've seen, a lot of people have been laboring hard to uncover the answer.

Unknown Role (None): A secret is like a well-aged brew. The aroma from the bottle is sweetest when revealed in the company of friends.

Unknown Role (None): ...I understand.

Unknown Role (None): Then it's settled. I'll leave you to your business for now. Feel free to find me for a chat again once you're done working through the prophecy!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, also, if you have some time, we could organize another fast-track love poem class.

Unknown Role (None): You're starting that up again?

Unknown Role (None): I sure am! Nobody else has signed up this year though, so the duty to learn falls on you.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, see you later!

Unknown Role (None): Venti always looks so relaxed whenever we run into him. Paimon can't help but be jealous...

???: Excuse me. If you don't mind... could I chat with you for a moment?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Who are you?

Unknown Role (None): You may call me Scarlett.

Unknown Role (None): Just like you, I'm a traveler, visiting Mondstadt from another land.

Unknown Role (None): Mind if I buy you a drink?

Unknown Role (None): I'm not drinking today. But thank you for offering.

Unknown Role (None): Leaving the door open for another time, I see. I can tell that you've dealt with a lot of people during your travels.

Unknown Role (None): You can tell? Well, we ARE very experienced adventurers, after all!

Unknown Role (None): I can. That's why I tried to strike up a conversation with you in the first place.

Unknown Role (None): I was on my way to go shopping earlier when I overheard your conversation next to the Crafting Bench. From what I could gather, you are trying to investigate a bizarre prophecy?

Unknown Role (None): Yep! Bizarre is definitely the word...

Unknown Role (None): Don't you think it sounds just like the kind of story that would happen in Mondstadt? Anyway, that's why I wanted to ask you a favor... If and when you manage to unravel the answer to the prophecy, could you let me know what it is?

Unknown Role (None): Are you interested in it too?

Unknown Role (None): Not so much the prophecy itself, but Mondstadt as a nation. That's what I'm interested in.

Unknown Role (None): I was born in a distant land, but I have family and friends who once lived in Mondstadt for a long time. They said that it's a great place full of fairytales and romance, and recommended that I come for a visit.

Unknown Role (None): As it happens, someone I know has an anniversary coming up soon, so I figured this would be a good time to come here and see all the sights that she once saw.

Unknown Role (None): What do you think about Mondstadt so far?

Unknown Role (None): It certainly lives up to its name as the city of romance and freedom.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, we think so too!

Unknown Role (None): So. About the prophecy...

Unknown Role (None): No problem.

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you know if we find the answer.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. You're very friendly, it's been a real pleasure to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): I'll leave you to it, then. Hope you continue to enjoy the city, and have a wonderful day.

Unknown Role (None): She definitely isn't dressed like a local, huh. Where do you think her hometown could be...?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): "Please find me a flower that is not of this world, and a guide who will never get lost."

Unknown Role (None): "Find me one who would never lie, as well as a legend that never ends..."

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I never thought I'd have someone secretly following me even in a free city like Mondstadt.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Good day to you, Miss.

## Talk 12

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4009813 could not be retrieved

## Talk 13

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4009814 could not be retrieved

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Starsnatch Cliff, we made it! Paimon hopes we find someone we need here...

???: Heeeelp! I beg you, please don't let go!

???: Tsk.

Unknown Role (None): Who's that yelling? Let's hurry and take a look!

Unknown Role (None): Timaeus!? And we also have... Rosaria and Mona!? What kind of mishmash ensemble is this...

Unknown Role (None): Good question. What kind of a motley crew is this?

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Greetings, everyone. And happy Windblume Festival.

Unknown Role (None): You two are looking pretty good. I trust you've been well?

Unknown Role (None): Yep... we're definitely faring a lot better than this poor guy on the ground...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, please don't rub salt in my wound! I really have been trying my best!

Unknown Role (None): You're one to talk! If this sister hadn't grabbed you in time, then you'd have been seriously hurt, if not dead!

Unknown Role (None): I know, I know... I really am grateful, Miss! I can't thank you enough...

Unknown Role (None): Don't mention it. Just lending a hand.

Unknown Role (None): Quite literally. And had she not lent him a hand and pulled him up, he would've gone tumbling down the cliffside...

Unknown Role (None): What happened? Did Timaeus almost fall off the cliff?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, well... So what actually happened was... I came to Starsnatch Cliff today to pick some flowers, and ran into Mona on the way. She took a look at her scryglass, and advised me to turn back, because it would be dangerous...

Unknown Role (None): But you still came up here anyway...?

Unknown Role (None): ...Yes, I did, because there's something I just had to do!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I hardly think giving flowers to your crush is worth throwing one's life away for...

Unknown Role (None): It's rare to run into someone with a death wish in this area.

Unknown Role (None): I don't have a death wish! I just... didn't think it would really come true... I mean, when Mona said "it would be dangerous," I thought I'd be fine as long as I watched my step cautiously. I'm sorry, okay? I was wrong.

Unknown Role (None): I'm telling you, I'm just here chasing the love of my life. Lovestruck Mondstadters is what the Windblume Festival's all about!

Unknown Role (None): Okay... That explains you, but why is Rosaria here?

Unknown Role (None): I was looking for a quiet place to escape the crowds. I wasn't planning on having to save a life along the way.

Unknown Role (None): ...So that's why the scryglass just showed "danger" instead of "fatal danger."

Unknown Role (None): #Ahaha, very funny... Anyway, Traveler and Paimon, what brings the two of you to Starsnatch Cliff?

Unknown Role (None): Just trying our luck! We've got a lot of people we need to see today, so we've been all over the place. Actually, you're some of the people we were looking for!

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): You tell them about the prophecy, the information gathered so far, and the mailbox...

Unknown Role (None): I see. So all we'll need to do is to find some clues, make a note, and drop it off at the mailbox?

Unknown Role (None): I can't believe there's a prophecy like this... Let alone that I have a part to play in it!

Unknown Role (None): I guess this means everyone will find out about my crush now... Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): I came here because I wanted to give some Cecilias to the girl I love. They'll really suit her. She's—

Unknown Role (None): No, no, no one asked. Please do not subject us to your gushing about your girlfriend.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... You saw right through me...

Unknown Role (None): You said you need clues, right? In that case, Mona Megistus the Astrologist will provide you with a personally handwritten letter. Just wait for it to show up in your mailbox!

Unknown Role (None): You can be on your way, now. We won't keep you any longer.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then let's head back for now and meet up with everyone else!

Unknown Role (None): Bye for now, everyone! Timaeus, please try to stay safe.

Unknown Role (None): Will do! Ugh, this is all so embarrassing... Thank you both!

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*

Unknown Role (None): Hi Collei, hope we're not intruding or anything... Is everything okay?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Sucrose! I, uh... I was preparing some... stuff...

Unknown Role (None): Is it time already? Oh no, I—I'm sorry...

Unknown Role (None): (Collei seems to be wrapping gifts, and now she's frantically trying to hide it. I wonder who they're for?)

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, the Traveler and I only just met up. We were just worried that you might get lost along the way, so we thought that we'd come get you.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I'm ready to join you now! Um, how's that thing going?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose tells Collei about the four riddles and the results of your discussion...

Unknown Role (None): So let's pick up where we left off.

Unknown Role (None): Next up is the third line: "one who would never lie"... Hmm, anyone spring to mind?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe... Diluc?

Unknown Role (None): Uhh... you really think so? Seems like it would be pretty difficult for someone in his position to avoid having to lie.

Unknown Role (None): (Ah yes, his secret alter ego: the Darknight Hero. He must have to deny it if anyone asks. In that sense, he has a complicated relationship with the truth.)

Unknown Role (None): Then what about Kaeya? He's the Cavalry Captain and a rather popular figure, but...

Unknown Role (None): You think there's something fishy about him too, huh? Yeah... he's definitely a sneaky one! Bet he lies all the time.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, I can't help but agree with you there...

Unknown Role (None): There's the Tone-Deaf Bard... Uh, but on second thought, he wouldn't qualify either. He talks way too much nonsense. Hmm... is there anyone else we're missing?

Unknown Role (None): Acting Grand Master Jean? She has a good name in that regard... but from what I know, she sometimes covers up the truth out of concern for those around her...

Unknown Role (None): For example, when Lisa loses track of time in the library and misses her patrol shift, Jean'll come up with some excuse, like "Lisa's ill today."

Unknown Role (None): Also, she sometimes makes up stories to get Klee to behave. Like the one about the big monster that comes to catch naughty kids who don't go to bed on time... D'you think that rules her out?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, white lies are still lies... But do we really have to reject her because of some harmless fibs? It's not like she had evil intentions.

Unknown Role (None): This prophecy seems very strict...

Unknown Role (None): No, we're the ones being strict!

Unknown Role (None): Rosaria doesn't strike me as the type of person to lie.

Unknown Role (None): Ah Collei, you probably haven't met her yet, have you? She's a sister from the church who looks, um... a little scary and not very sociable.

Unknown Role (None): What gives you that impression?

Unknown Role (None): She stopped by the alchemy bench once, a long time ago, and asked me about Albedo.

Unknown Role (None): I thought maybe she was trying to find him, for work or something. But when I asked, she just said that she was curious about him because he was so intelligent, and wanted to talk to his assistant to find out what he was like.

Unknown Role (None): A lot of people might have given a more tactful justification, but I could see in her face that she wasn't trying to hide anything. She was just very direct and straightforward.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I don't think of her as the lying type.

Unknown Role (None): Rosaria doesn't look like the sort of person you'd want to get into a fight with... Maybe she just fights her way out of situations that some people might lie to get out of?

Unknown Role (None): I can definitely see that! I've also heard the other sisters say that Rosaria doesn't even make excuses when she skips choir — she just doesn't show up.

Unknown Role (None): She's a tough cookie, huh. Let's put her name down.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I think Cyno fits in this list, too!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, true. Lying's probably more trouble than it's worth for someone like him — kinda like with Rosaria.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and Paimon also nominates Razor! Bet he couldn't lie to save his life.

Unknown Role (None): I've also got someone else in mind, Noelle, the trainee knight! She's a very honest person. I don't think she'd tell a lie.

Unknown Role (None): Alrighty, write her name down too!

Unknown Role (None): ...Wait, there's one more person... You know, our long-standing staffer at the alchemy bench...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You mean... Timaeus?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, him. Um, truth be told, he's been lovestruck recently.

Unknown Role (None): He swore that he wouldn't say a dishonest word or slack off until he succeeds in getting the woman he loves.

Unknown Role (None): Timaeus has a crush!?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right.

Unknown Role (None): Well, who is it? Do you know her?

Unknown Role (None): I've never met her. All I know is that she's from Liyue... Timaeus says that she's fun, has a great personality, and is very, very good-looking.

Unknown Role (None): All great qualities, but that says nothing about her identity...

Unknown Role (None): Since we're on the topic — helping Timaeus win the lady of his dreams was also one of my goals for this Windblume Festival!

Unknown Role (None): But how can we help with that?

Unknown Role (None): I dunno, make sure he uses nice paper and a fancy envelope when he sends letters to her, help him pick a nice gift and wrap it properly... That sort of thing.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, yeah, yeah! I had the same situation once in the Avidya Forest. I helped another Forest Ranger out by delivering a love letter to the coworker she likes...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, that sort of thing, exactly! Oh, also, I helped him with some of the groundwork for one of his research projects. He must have appreciated it, because he gave me a refrigeration device that he's been developing as a thank-you gift.

Unknown Role (None): Is it any good?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... I mean, it looks nice...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a "no."

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, alright, guess we'll put lover boy down on the list then.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so last of all, we have "a legend that never ends." Anyone come to mind for this particular line?

Unknown Role (None): Lisa, perhaps? A librarian understands books best... and aren't most legends written down somewhere?

Unknown Role (None): Not necessarily, but you have a point.

Unknown Role (None): When I think about "legends," fairy tales and picture books come to mind.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe Collei! She read a lot of fairy tales when Tighnari was teaching her to read.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Do I count?

Unknown Role (None): Of course you do. I'll put you on the list.

Unknown Role (None): Are you eligible for this one, Sucrose?

Unknown Role (None): I prefer to read things like "An Illustrated Analysis of Alchemical Substances and Their Uses," "The Fascinating Principles of Crafting," and "Hypotheses of Life"...

Unknown Role (None): Point taken... Paimon didn't quite understand any of those...

Unknown Role (None): Hmmm. Klee might be a good choice. Her mother, Alice, is a renowned traveling author, so I'll bet she's been exposed to all sorts of myths and legends.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, Klee makes the shortlist!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that should just about do it. Next up, we should go and ask the people on the list about the prophecy.

Unknown Role (None): Do we have to ask absolutely everyone on the list? It seems like a lot of people...

Unknown Role (None): It is, so I was thinking that perhaps we should split up? That might make our search more effective.

Unknown Role (None): Okie-dokie!

Unknown Role (None): Also, I've thought of a method of gathering feedback...

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose shares her idea with everyone...

Unknown Role (None): No problem, we can do that.

Unknown Role (None): #You and Traveler are practically joined at the hip, so you two can go together. I'll pair up with Collei.

Unknown Role (None): Capable Collei and Sensible Sucrose... sounds like a winning combination!

Unknown Role (None): ...Okay, I promise I'll help! Capable Collei... yeah, I got this!

Unknown Role (None): #Rest assured that the unbeatable Traveler and Paimon will do our part too! Off we go!