# Opening Festivities


## Talk 1

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010001 could not be retrieved

## Talk 2

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010010 could not be retrieved

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Looks like Kareena's got a moment now. Let's go chat with her!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): The locator's going off!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like someone's already caught themselves a Swiftfly!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): The locator's going off again...

Unknown Role (None): So someone else finished, too? That would mean that the one Layla's chasing is the last Swiftfly.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Kaveh, Faruzan, Layla!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Oh, it's you. Why're you here?

Unknown Role (None): We're here as specially invited guest commentators! Our job is to record what happens during the competition!

Unknown Role (None): Is that so? In that case, I'll have to trouble you to catch the moment of my triumph on Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): Remember to shoot from behind at a lower angle — you know, to capture a senior's class!

Unknown Role (None): Don't get ahead of yourself, now. Victory will obviously be mine!

Unknown Role (None): Hah, you're far too young to even consider challenging me. Kshahrewar or Rtawahist, you're all children as far as I'm concerned...

Unknown Role (None): A—Actually, I was going to ask... How do you know me, Madam Faruzan?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? You don't remember? I sometimes see you in the library at night. You even waved at me!

Unknown Role (None): What...? I don't remember doing that at all!

Unknown Role (None): How strange... However, this is not the time for curiosity. I am Faruzan, a household name in Haravatat. You are Layla from Rtawahist, I presume?

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes.

Unknown Role (None): Good, then we are officially introduced. See? Simple as that.

Unknown Role (None): I like respectful ones, by the way. Would you like to join my research group?

Unknown Role (None): Madam Faruzan... I'm quite sure this counts as poaching. Let's dial things down...

Unknown Role (None): I know, but it's been tough getting people these days, and research funding has been hard to secure...

Unknown Role (None): But once I win this tournament, it'll be a different story...

Unknown Role (None): So you're just here to increase the amount of funding you're getting?

Unknown Role (None): Well, not just that... What, are you curious about my reasons for participating in this event?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I suppose that's to be expected. You are our guest commentators, after all.

Unknown Role (None): There's been an influx of newly enrolled students, and they'll be paying close attention to this competition. If I do win, I'm certain that there will be no lack of students knocking upon my door.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, research resources will be made available to the victor, so that will nix my funding issues. Therefore, my two juniors, I do apologize, but I fully intend to emerge triumphant.

Unknown Role (None): I—I'll do my best as well. At least, I don't plan to lose too badly...

Unknown Role (None): So why are you here, Layla?

Unknown Role (None): I don't know why, but a lot of people recommended me. I didn't sign up myself. I just woke up to find my name on the announcement board.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds like what happened to Tighnari!

Unknown Role (None): Him too?

Unknown Role (None): I'm... I'm really nervous. I've been so worried about disappointing everyone that I've been losing sleep...

Unknown Role (None): Stress not, young one. We must all experience failure to grow and mature.

Unknown Role (None): But Madam Faruzan, I don't want to fail...

Unknown Role (None): Tch, seriously? Everyone has such nice reasons for joining.

Unknown Role (None): And what's your story, Kaveh?

Unknown Role (None): Must I say?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, you do! We gotta record it!

Unknown Role (None): Um, well... You know, right? I want to buy some property...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, that's right! You want to move out of Alhaitham's—

Unknown Role (None): *coughing* What!? Alhaitham? What about him!? This has nothing to do with him!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's misremembering things.

Unknown Role (None): Oh...! Right! Sorry, Paimon has no idea what she was talking about...

Unknown Role (None): So, you want to use the grand prize to buy a place, right?

Unknown Role (None): Correct. Also, my father took part in the Interdarshan Championship when I was young, but he didn't win.

Unknown Role (None): Once I do, the right to wear that diadem will be mine. In a way, I'll be helping my father fulfill a dream of his.

Unknown Role (None): That's not a bad reason at all. You have ambition, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Although your chances with me here aren't great, I believe your father would be most proud if the Diadem of Knowledge were bestowed upon you.

Unknown Role (None): ...Not that he'll have the chance to celebrate. My father passed away many years ago. They say he ran into quicksand while traveling in the desert.

Unknown Role (None): For you to have experienced such a thing... That must have been tough for you.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): It's all in the past now, and life goes on, doesn't it? Let's change topics — I don't want to bring the mood down.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. Earlier, you said that you want to use the prize Mora to purchase a home. Where do you live now, do you live alone?

Unknown Role (None): *cough* Well...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I also heard you mention "Alhaitham" just a moment ago. Isn't he also from Haravatat? Are you two hiding something from me?

Unknown Role (None): No, of course not! Why would you think that? Hahaha...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's definitely not involved, either! We're gonna go interview other contestants now! Bye!

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Um, so... what... what, uh...

Unknown Role (None): Just call me Hat Guy. That's the name I use in Vahumana.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds like a nickname, not a real name!

Unknown Role (None): So I can't go by a simple, ordinary name?

Unknown Role (None): Fine, suit yourself. Alright then, Hat Guy, why are you taking part in the Interdarshan Championship?

Unknown Role (None): We're specially invited guest commentators, so play nice and answer our questions.

Unknown Role (None): You could be matra for all I care. So what if I don't answer you? What then?

Unknown Role (None): You...!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, I'll tell you this much: I have an agreement with someone not to reveal my motives.

Unknown Role (None): You're not plotting something in secret, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's hard to say. Why don't you take a guess?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon's had it with you!

Unknown Role (None): Fine, be that way! Then we won't ask you why you're participating. Instead... Uh, why did you join Vahumana?

Unknown Role (None): You two sure like to poke your noses where they don't belong. If I don't say anything, are you going to annoy me to death?

Unknown Role (None): ...I heard that the Vahumana researcher named Aqaba was researching the Tatarasuna incident, so I wrote a few essays to refute his points.

Unknown Role (None): Later, when I was bored, I wrote some commentary on societal issues in Inazuma. I didn't expect Vahumana to consider me as one of them. Someone even invited me to a lecture or whatever.

Unknown Role (None): From start to finish, it was just the wishful thinking of idiots — a misunderstanding. There's your answer. Simple.

Unknown Role (None): But when Lesser Lord Kusanali heard about this, she went out of her way to get me registered in Vahumana... She used the name "Hat Guy."

Unknown Role (None): So it was Nahida's doing...

Unknown Role (None): Enough chit-chat. You're better off wasting your time with the other contestants.

Unknown Role (None): Someone's about to get very unlucky — wanna guess who?

Unknown Role (None): How is anyone supposed to relax with you around!?

Unknown Role (None): We've gotta stay alert and keep a close eye on him!

## Talk 8

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010005 could not be retrieved

## Talk 9

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010007 could not be retrieved

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you must be the guest commentators Wiqas invited. I've heard about you.

Unknown Role (None): I saw you two having quite the lively conversation, so I thought it would be best to wait. Are you two free right now?

Unknown Role (None): We were actually looking for you, too!

Unknown Role (None): Excellent! Then, please allow me to explain your job responsibilities in detail.

Unknown Role (None): First, please take these two things.

Unknown Role (None): The first item is a custom Kamera from the Akademiya. Please use it to record the competition as it unfolds.

Unknown Role (None): The second is an event-specific locator that will flag all participants' locations. It will also sound when one of them completes an objective.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, what a convenient little thing!

Unknown Role (None): Aside from you two, there are two other commentators. However, they will remain by the commentators' area and will not be following the contestants in real time.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, you probably know them... Alhaitham and Nilou.

Unknown Role (None): Ohhh, it's them! We have to go over and say hi later!

Unknown Role (None): Well, don't let me keep you, unless you have any questions for me?

Unknown Role (None): Have you seen a white-haired man around?

Unknown Role (None): Hm? Why do you ask?

Unknown Role (None): I saw someone like that on the stage earlier.

Unknown Role (None): Really? I didn't see any such person. Could I ask when you saw him?

Unknown Role (None): Just before the Akademiya representatives went on stage.

Unknown Role (None): Strange... I was on stage the entire time, and I didn't see anyone come up.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't see anyone, either!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, perhaps you're mistaken. However, if you have any leads on that matter, you can talk to me at any time—

Unknown Role (None): #Hey, Traveler, Paimon! Long time no see!

Unknown Role (None): Dehya, Candace! You two are here as well!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so they're two friends of yours? In that case, I'll take my leave. May you all have a wonderful time during the Extravaganza!

Unknown Role (None): The Akademiya sent us both invitations, so Dehya suggested that we come together.

Unknown Role (None): The villagers were also encouraging me to travel outside the village. I couldn't find it in myself to turn them down...

Unknown Role (None): We're here now, so no point dwelling on that. Even though this Extravaganza isn't a holiday or anything, it's still a big deal here in Sumeru.

Unknown Role (None): Merchants from all over will set up shop. There'll be tons of stuff to eat, use, and wear... More than you can count!

Unknown Role (None): I'm already set on helping you buy two new outfits. I mean, who wears the same thing at work and home, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): I'm looking forward to it. Ah... Just being able to relax and wander the streets freely has already made my day.

Unknown Role (None): #So, Traveler, Paimon, you two wanna come with?

Unknown Role (None): Agh, we'd love to... but we've got work to do right now!

Unknown Role (None): Aw, that's a shame. Let's hang out together when you're free, then.

Unknown Role (None): Sure!

Unknown Role (None): In that case, Candace and I will head out first. Good clothing and fabrics are very much in demand — if you snooze, you lose! Oh, right, we should also get some accessories...

Unknown Role (None): No need to rush. I think we'll have a better time if we take things slow.

Unknown Role (None): See you two later. Feel free to come find us whenever you have the time.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't think that Candace and Dehya would come. Hanging out with them sounds like a great time! Still, looks like the competition's starting soon. Let's go over to where Alhaitham is and see what's going on.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): I will now announce the rules for the first round of the competition. Please listen carefully!

Unknown Role (None): During the opening ceremony, Akademiya staff released several cages of butterflies, and many of them are now fluttering within Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Amongst these butterflies, three of them will be special Swiftflies. They have a different appearance and also fly a little faster.

Unknown Role (None): Your objective this round is to find a Swiftfly and bring it to me. Three points will be awarded to the first participant to return, two to the second, and one point to the third.

Unknown Role (None): That is all for the first round. Should you require clarification on anything, please ask any of the other staff.

Unknown Role (None): Alhaitham's all business all the time, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. That said, how did he get picked to be a commentator? Paimon's kinda curious...

Unknown Role (None): Finding three specific butterflies in a place as large as Sumeru City sounds rather improbable...

Unknown Role (None): If these Swiftflies behave anything like regular butterflies...

Unknown Role (None): I'm off. It will take some time to search every corner of Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You're going, just like that?

Unknown Role (None): A champion walks the road to victory!

Unknown Role (None): My dear Kshahrewar junior, I have a plan. How about some cooperation between you and me?

Unknown Role (None): Cooperation?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like everyone's got their own plans for this toughie.

Unknown Role (None): We're supposed to go on stage next, right? Uh, let's wait and see everyone's reactions first.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait a minute, look! He seems to be observing the other contestants, just like we are!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmph.

Unknown Role (None): We were right not to let our guard down!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): We found you, Cyno— Oh, wait, is that a Swiftfly?

Unknown Role (None): Stay put, don't move...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, he caught it!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Cyno? What's wrong?

Unknown Role (None): This isn't what I'm looking for. It's a—

Unknown Role (None): *huffing*... Finally, I made it. I heard that you caught a Swiftfly, Cyno. Mind letting me see what it looks like?

Unknown Role (None): ...Hold on, isn't this the mechanical bait that I released earlier? Why would you catch that instead of a Swiftfly!?

Unknown Role (None): Wait a minute. If we consider this from a different angle, isn't it a good thing that the bait you made was convincing enough to fool even Cyno?

Unknown Role (None): You released...

Unknown Role (None): ...Bait?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. During a previous interior design project, I felt that the artificial flowers on the wall were a little bland, so I decided on placing a few moving mechanical butterflies to add some pizazz.

Unknown Role (None): In order to make them both small and nimble, I consulted with Madam Faruzan.

Unknown Role (None): Not long ago, the two of us took all those mechanical butterflies and released them into the city—

Unknown Role (None): Why would you do that?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, need you even ask? Young people these days really do need to get out more.

Unknown Role (None): Have you never played that game where you place strips of paper on a bamboo pole and wave it across a field of flowers to attract a whole kaleidoscope of butterflies?

Unknown Role (None): No, I haven't.

Unknown Role (None): Wait. So you're trying to...

Unknown Role (None): That's right. The butterflies within the city will mistake our mechanical bait for one of their own and follow them around.

Unknown Role (None): As long as we keep releasing and retrieving our bait, we can capture all the butterflies within the city. What comes afterward is just a matter of separating the Swiftflies from the others!

Unknown Role (None): Huh, guess that's one way to do it.

Unknown Role (None): Do not underestimate the wisdom of your elders. I had already thought of this method the moment the round's rules were announced.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, we also owe much to this fine junior of mine here for making such lifelike butterflies. It seems that Kshahrewar has not quite declined as far as I had thought in recent years — their teaching skills, at least, seem to be intact.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I just stuck to what I do best. The idea was yours.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, no need to be so polite. Once we capture all these butterflies, we shall split the points for this round...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, look, one of them is returning now... Hmm? Wait a moment. Are my eyes deceiving me? Why don't I see any butterflies behind it?

Unknown Role (None): That's because there are none! Seems like your plan has hit a snag.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like the match continues. I'll be looking elsewhere.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, strange... Has something else diverted their attention?

Unknown Role (None): Come! Let's search in the direction the bait returned from!

Unknown Role (None): We'll go have a look, too!

## Talk 13

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010021 could not be retrieved

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Faruzan, Kaveh, why did you two stop?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so it was the Amurta boy...

Unknown Role (None): Tighnari!

Unknown Role (None): Fascinating, isn't it? The butterflies have all congregated here, due to a special incense that I used.

Unknown Role (None): I infused it with three different types of honey, and the butterflies, following the fragrance, have gathered around me.

Unknown Role (None): Butterflies must have really sharp noses, then!

Unknown Role (None): Wait... Do they even have noses? I've never seen one.

Unknown Role (None): They do not, in fact, and their vision isn't stellar, either.

Unknown Role (None): However, they can use their antennae to distinguish between scents, and their olfactory senses are generally quite advanced, allowing them to detect floral fragrances from great distances.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so that's how it is! I had a pet butterfly once. I picked wild flowers and placed them in its box, but it wouldn't eat any...

Unknown Role (None): That's normal. Raising butterflies isn't difficult, but there are many things you should take note of.

Unknown Role (None): Appropriate temperature, sufficient air, and a spacious environment are examples of such considerations. You must also ensure that the food you've chosen suits their "palate."

Unknown Role (None): Most importantly, you must curb your curiosity and avoid disturbing them while they rest, otherwise they may become stressed.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, sorry, I liked to poke at its wings at the time...

Unknown Role (None): Humans tend to rear many creatures due to their aesthetic value, but not all are suited for such a process.

Unknown Role (None): Caring for living beings is hard work. Impulse alone is insufficient — some prerequisite knowledge is always required.

Unknown Role (None): You sure do know a lot!

Unknown Role (None): I—I have a question, too. I bought a scarab not long ago, and it hasn't seemed very active. Can you help me figure out why?

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to keep a Dusk Bird as a pet. What are some key points I should consider?

Unknown Role (None): Um... Is it possible to keep a Rishboland Tiger as a pet?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, it seems like you all have a great deal of questions.

Unknown Role (None): But I'm in the middle of the Interdarshan Championship at the moment, so I'm afraid I can't answer them all now.

Unknown Role (None): Let me propose an alternative. Next month, there will be a biology lecture at Gandharva Ville, and I will be sharing some interesting insights on living organisms there.

Unknown Role (None): If you're interested, you can attend that lecture, and if you should have any questions, just prepare them ahead of time. I'll answer questions after I've finished speaking.

Unknown Role (None): Alright! I'll be there!

Unknown Role (None): Of course, please try to ask more... rational questions. For example, whether you can raise a Rishboland Tiger as a pet or not is mainly dependent on whether you can overcome one in a fight.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like Tighnari's science lecture will draw quite a crowd!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Oh! Ahem, was I listening in for that long?

Unknown Role (None): Seems Collei's master does live up to his title as a teacher...

Unknown Role (None): Madam Faruzan, I've had a look around. Nearly all the butterflies in this area have been attracted by the incense.

Unknown Role (None): However, we can cast our bait further away to avoid this area.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then let's get moving. We shan't let all the butterflies get away from us if we can help it!

Unknown Role (None): Seems like the competition's really heating up. Let's go see how the other contestants are doing!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Layla! How are things going on your end?

Unknown Role (None): I've been searching for quite a while now, but I haven't seen any sign of the Swiftflies yet.

Unknown Role (None): Instead, I ended up catching a few mechanical devices that looked very similar to butterflies. I wonder where they came from...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like Faruzan and Kaveh's devices are everywhere now...

Unknown Role (None): I'll keep up the search. That said, I've noticed that the number of butterflies in the city has already decreased a lot compared to when the event started.

Unknown Role (None): Probably because the other contestants are coming up with their own ways to catch butterflies... Alright, I'll do my best, too. Huh?

Unknown Role (None): What's this?

Unknown Role (None): Could it be...

Unknown Role (None): A Swiftfly?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, what a coincidence. I guess I just need to catch it now, right?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, um, please wait! Ah, there it goes...

Unknown Role (None): It's so fast! Paimon thought Alhaitham said they were only a little faster!

Unknown Role (None): No, come back!

Unknown Role (None): #C'mon, Traveler! Let's go, too!

## Talk 16

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010024 could not be retrieved

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010017 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010018 could not be retrieved

## Talk 19

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010019 could not be retrieved

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it just occurred to me that we should also get you a makeup box.

Unknown Role (None): No, it's fine. I don't think I'll end up using it.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe you won't, but it doesn't hurt to have one, right?

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, just trust me on this one...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Who are you, and what do you want?

Unknown Role (None): P—Please... don't move...

Unknown Role (None): "Don't move"? Who sent you?

Unknown Role (None): Dehya...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I can handle this. Now, tell me, what do you want?

Unknown Role (None): I believe she's looking for this. Here, take it.

Unknown Role (None): A—A butterfly? Was it on my head?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're—

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while, Layla.

Unknown Role (None): A friend of yours? Oh, so she must be the one you were telling me about...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You two know each other?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah... it has been some time. The first time I ever woke up after sleepwalking, I somehow found myself in Aaru Village. Candace was the one who took care of me then.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. She didn't look well, so I gave her something to eat. She said a lot of complicated things about astrology, the night sky, the stars... Not sure I understood it all, but it sounded pretty enchanting.

Unknown Role (None): Right, do you still want this butterfly? It seems like you were chasing it all the way here.

Unknown Role (None): It's of little use to me, but if you don't want it, I can release it.

Unknown Role (None): Just let her have it. It's no big deal.

Unknown Role (None): The Swiftfly was flying so fast, but you were able to catch it like it was nothing, Candace.

Unknown Role (None): It didn't seem that quick, really. I was actually worried that I would injure it, but I'm glad that didn't happen.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, sorry about the butterfly thing. With the way you suddenly came running over like that, I thought you were hired to take us out or something.

Unknown Role (None): On second thought, I guess I've never seen an assassin that looks tired with dark bags around their eyes... Oh, you must be taking part in the Championship? Take it from me, don't let it stop you from getting some rest.

Unknown Role (None): I'll do what I can. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): We'll be on our way, then. See you later.

Unknown Role (None): Alrighty. Let's bring the Swiftfly back together with Layla!

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010008 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

[Missing Talk]: Talk 4010009 could not be retrieved

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): It seems we have a third contestant who has returned with a Swiftfly.

Unknown Role (None): With that, the first round has come to an end. I anticipate that all of you will keep up the effort for the second round. Dismissed.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, um... Your closing statement sounded so... How do I put it... Decisive?

Unknown Role (None): Well, you could certainly stand to try being more decisive, Nilou. It would help you live more freely.

Unknown Role (None): Hang on a second! Who were the first two contestants with Swiftflies?

Unknown Role (None): Tighnari was first, and as for the second... It's being discussed right now.

Unknown Role (None): It's being discussed?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Alhaitham, I think I've come up with a good idea.

Unknown Role (None): Second place gets two points, right? Can't Madam Faruzan and I split the points between us?

Unknown Role (None): Quite the imagination you have there. I've read the Championship handbook from cover to cover, and I never saw any rule which permits that.

Unknown Role (None): Then we can just add a rule.

Unknown Role (None): Do you really think I'd do that?

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, you're not going to stand in the way of my victory, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Well, you're free to send the organizing committee an application outlining your naive proposal. They'll get back to you within three working days.

Unknown Role (None): Three working days? It'll be too late by then!

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately for you, even dreaming is gonna cost you.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Paimon gets it now. Kaveh and Faruzan found the second Swiftfly together, but the rules say that only one person can get the points...

Unknown Role (None): Ah well, the rules are the rules. Since you call me "Madam" and politely asked for my help, I shall give you these points.

Unknown Role (None): So I'll put the points under Kaveh's name, then?

Unknown Role (None): No. If I take these points, won't that only detract from your contributions, Madam Faruzan?

Unknown Role (None): You might be alright with that, but I cannot do it, not in good conscience.

Unknown Role (None): I don't have any problem with it. There are two more rounds, after all. Losing one isn't a major setback.

Unknown Role (None): But if you insist, I have another method — we can draw lots to see who will receive the points.

Unknown Role (None): L—Lots, huh...

Unknown Role (None): What? Is there something wrong with that idea?

Unknown Role (None): ...No. Let's do it.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'll get the paper needed for the lots. Give me a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Everybody watches Kaveh suffer a glorious and forthright defeat in the game of lots.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, seriously...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but it appears that luck was on my side this time.

Unknown Role (None): No, you do deserve it... I'm just lamenting my bad luck. Perhaps... *sigh* Perhaps that's why my life is rife with troubles...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, it's rare to see anyone with such terrible luck be so willing to decide victory via lots.

Unknown Role (None): And what would you know about that? I just...

Unknown Role (None): We can save bickering for later. Record the points under Faruzan, and that'll finally bring the first round to a close.

Unknown Role (None): The second round will be held in the desert. We'll be moving our commentator's stand over to Aaru Village.

Unknown Role (None): Let's meet up in Aaru Village once everything is ready. I'll announce the details of the second round then.

Unknown Role (None): Till then, you have some free time. I'm off the clock at this point, so it's farewell for now.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, Alhaitham! You...! *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Don't be upset, Kaveh. Sighing can carry away your good luck, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so that's how it works? In that case, I'll take in some deep breaths. Maybe that'll help make up for all the luck I've lost!

Unknown Role (None): *deep breath* It's really no big deal. Two points aren't enough to decide victory or defeat just yet.

Unknown Role (None): I'll win the next round, you'll see!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you've managed to pick yourself back up, young man. Good. I must warn you, though, that I'm quite familiar with the desert. You'll have to try your best if you don't want to lose.

Unknown Role (None): I'm no stranger to the desert either, I'll be fine. Alright then, that's enough chit-chat for now. I'm going to check the area out.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... So the current standings are Tighnari in first place, Faruzan in second, and Layla in third.

Unknown Role (None): Guess we should also take a nice break before the next round starts. But where should we go first?

Unknown Role (None): Why, you two look a little lost. If you're not sure where to start enjoying the Akademiya Extravaganza, then may I suggest that you have a chat with our boss?

Unknown Role (None): Your boss? Who's that? Do we know them?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, well, only the most famous merchant in all of Sumeru — Lord Sangemah Bay!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean Dori!

Unknown Role (None): Precisely! Our boss sent me to inform you two that she'll be waiting for you at Sumeru City's north gate.

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): #Oho! Well, if it isn't Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Dori! Are you here to attend the Akademiya Extravaganza too?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! People are practically flocking to Sumeru City. You couldn't ask for a better opportunity to do business!

Unknown Role (None): This is one of the entrances into the city, and it's very close to the Wisdom Gala booths. There'll be an endless stream of customers! Hehe, I can already hear the Mora going "clink-clink-clink" as they fill my coin pouch...

Unknown Role (None): Well, is there anything you'd like to purchase? We've got everything you need and deals that can't be beat!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Well, do you have anything to eat?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, we're celebrating the Extravaganza, and you're only thinking of eating— ahem, I mean, of cooourse we've got lots of things to eat! That said, I recommend that you also consider some of the great bargains we have going on.

Unknown Role (None): The Wisdom Gala is about to begin, and once it starts, each of the Darshans will prepare a small challenge for everyone.

Unknown Role (None): And, just between us, I have some Super Booster Supplements for sale. Eat just one to boost both your strength and dexterity for a short time, allowing you to overcome any challenge!

Unknown Role (None): No thanks, we'll pass. These little challenges are gonna be a cinch for the two of us, just you watch!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, Paimon just wants something to eat, please. If you don't have any food, then we'll go somewhere else.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, Mora is Mora, after all. What would you like to eat?

Unknown Role (None): Hmmm... Well, Paimon's pretty hungry right now. Do you have any tahchin?

Unknown Role (None): Let me see...

Unknown Role (None): This is a huge job, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): If this works out, we'll be set...

Unknown Role (None): Here you go! Two servings of tahchin! See? I told you there's nothing Lord Sangemah Bay can't procure!

Unknown Role (None): #Yay! Uh... Huh? What are you looking at, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): I thought I saw someone just now...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Who? Someone we know?

Unknown Role (None): Never mind...

Unknown Role (None): They're gone.

Unknown Role (None): Was it someone suspicious? Have we attracted some unwanted attention?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What's happening, Dori? Is there something else going on?

Unknown Role (None): I don't know who you saw just now, but I do have some hard-to-come-by information about the Extravaganza. If you want to know more, we can talk business later.

## Talk 97

Unknown Role (None): Do you remember those things we made previously?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You mean...

Unknown Role (None): It's time for them to shine.

Unknown Role (None): It looks like Faruzan and Kaveh have some secret plan!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, hello there! Madam Faruzan and I are discussing how—

Unknown Role (None): Shh, hush now! The walls have ears around here. We should keep it a secret for now, though you'll find out what we have in store soon enough.

Unknown Role (None): Come now, let's go — before the others act!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, there's no time to lose. We're off to make our preparations. See you later!

## Talk 98

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... This is basically what I'll need. Do you think you'll have any difficulties?

Unknown Role (None): I have most of the reagents with me, and I can buy the rest.

Unknown Role (None): Collei, you're here too!

Unknown Role (None): Um, Tighnari, you have a master plan ready?

Unknown Role (None): My hypothesis is that the Swiftflies' morphological variations won't significantly affect their fundamental nature. So, I'm planning on using this to lure them out.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I could be wrong. Every mutation opens the door to new possibilities, especially when they are artificially introduced...

Unknown Role (None): Details will have to wait until after the post-experimental analysis. For now, Collei and I are going to buy some reagents for our experiment. Alright, well, see you later.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, see ya!

## Talk 99

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Layla! Hmm? You look a little worried.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... I have no idea what I should do. What color are these Swiftflies? Do they have special markings? How do they differ from ordinary butterflies?

Unknown Role (None): I can't even figure out these basic questions, and most of what I've learned in the past is completely useless here...

Unknown Role (None): Aren't people who research the stars supposed to have some extraordinary abilities? Why not use astrology to solve it?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're another contestant... Hat Guy, was it?

Unknown Role (None): Is it that you can't use astrology during the day? Huh, guess that skill's less useful than I thought.

Unknown Role (None): No, it's not like that. If it's daytime, all I need is an astrolabe...

Unknown Role (None): So why don't you do that, then?

Unknown Role (None): Mona Megistus the Astrologist said that those who constantly use astrology to obtain things that shouldn't be theirs will eventually lose the "blessing from the stars."

Unknown Role (None): Um, it's just something I read in an academic publication. I really love to read Mona's essays...

Unknown Role (None): You're overthinking it. Power is just a tool. It just seems to me that you don't have the resolve to win this. Well, suit yourself. Wallow in your immature ideals if you like.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Seriously? Just walking off after saying a bunch of mean stuff like that?

Unknown Role (None): Um, did I say something wrong just now?

Unknown Role (None): No, it's good to have your own convictions.

Unknown Role (None): It was just a difference in perspectives, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much. I've made up my mind not to use astrology for this. I think I'll just try my luck in the city.

Unknown Role (None): To be honest, I've always been pretty good at observation, and if I'm fortunate, I might be able to find that special butterfly species...

Unknown Role (None): Lord Cyno seems to have found a Swiftfly! Come on, let's go check it out!

Unknown Role (None): Really? Where?

Unknown Role (None): The butterfly flew up high, and he's chasing it now!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no time to lose! Let's go see!

Unknown Role (None): As expected of Cyno... Ah, actually, shouldn't you two go have a look as well? The moment when he catches the butterfly will likely be one worth recording, after all.

Unknown Role (None): I'll head into the city shortly to start my own search. I'll see you later.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. In that case, let's go see Cyno first, and then we can check on what everyone else is up to!

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, the scent is starting to fade.

Unknown Role (None): Seems the wind is stronger than I thought. The incense isn't going to last long...

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): How could it not be real...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): What brings you two here?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You're here having coffee? Aren't you supposed to be a contestant?

Unknown Role (None): Is there really any need for me to take part while everyone's running around like it's some sort of carnival? Don't worry, I'll get involved once things actually get serious.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Let's wait here. Whew, seems my age is catching up with me.

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Please lead the Swiftflies back here... I'm really counting on you.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Kaveh, Faruzan, Layla!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Oh, it's you. Why're you here?

Unknown Role (None): We're here as specially invited guest commentators! Our job is to record what happens during the competition!

Unknown Role (None): Is that so? In that case, I'll have to trouble you to catch the moment of my triumph on Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): Remember to shoot from behind at a lower angle — you know, to capture a senior's class!

Unknown Role (None): Don't get ahead of yourself, now. Victory will obviously be mine!

Unknown Role (None): Hah, you're far too young to even consider challenging me. Kshahrewar or Rtawahist, you're all children as far as I'm concerned...

Unknown Role (None): A—Actually, I was going to ask... How do you know me, Madam Faruzan?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? You don't remember? I sometimes see you in the library at night. You even waved at me!

Unknown Role (None): What...? I don't remember doing that at all!

Unknown Role (None): How strange... However, this is not the time for curiosity. I am Faruzan, a household name in Haravatat. You are Layla from Rtawahist, I presume?

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes.

Unknown Role (None): Good, then we are officially introduced. See? Simple as that.

Unknown Role (None): I like respectful ones, by the way. Would you like to join my research group?

Unknown Role (None): Madam Faruzan... I'm quite sure this counts as poaching. Let's dial things down...

Unknown Role (None): I know, but it's been tough getting people these days, and research funding has been hard to secure...

Unknown Role (None): But once I win this tournament, it'll be a different story...

Unknown Role (None): So you're just here to increase the amount of funding you're getting?

Unknown Role (None): Well, not just that... What, are you curious about my reasons for participating in this event?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I suppose that's to be expected. You are our guest commentators, after all.

Unknown Role (None): There's been an influx of newly enrolled students, and they'll be paying close attention to this competition. If I do win, I'm certain that there will be no lack of students knocking upon my door.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, research resources will be made available to the victor, so that will nix my funding issues. Therefore, my two juniors, I do apologize, but I fully intend to emerge triumphant.

Unknown Role (None): I—I'll do my best as well. At least, I don't plan to lose too badly...

Unknown Role (None): So why are you here, Layla?

Unknown Role (None): I don't know why, but a lot of people recommended me. I didn't sign up myself. I just woke up to find my name on the announcement board.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds like what happened to Tighnari!

Unknown Role (None): Him too?

Unknown Role (None): I'm... I'm really nervous. I've been so worried about disappointing everyone that I've been losing sleep...

Unknown Role (None): Stress not, young one. We must all experience failure to grow and mature.

Unknown Role (None): But Madam Faruzan, I don't want to fail...

Unknown Role (None): Tch, seriously? Everyone has such nice reasons for joining.

Unknown Role (None): And what's your story, Kaveh?

Unknown Role (None): Must I say?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, you do! We gotta record it!

Unknown Role (None): Um, well... You know, right? I want to buy some property...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, that's right! You want to move out of Alhaitham's—

Unknown Role (None): *coughing* What!? Alhaitham? What about him!? This has nothing to do with him!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's misremembering things.

Unknown Role (None): Oh...! Right! Sorry, Paimon has no idea what she was talking about...

Unknown Role (None): So, you want to use the grand prize to buy a place, right?

Unknown Role (None): Correct. Also, my father took part in the Interdarshan Championship when I was young, but he didn't win.

Unknown Role (None): Once I do, the right to wear that diadem will be mine. In a way, I'll be helping my father fulfill a dream of his.

Unknown Role (None): That's not a bad reason at all. You have ambition, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Although your chances with me here aren't great, I believe your father would be most proud if the Diadem of Knowledge were bestowed upon you.

Unknown Role (None): ...Not that he'll have the chance to celebrate. My father passed away many years ago. They say he ran into quicksand while traveling in the desert.

Unknown Role (None): For you to have experienced such a thing... That must have been tough for you.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): It's all in the past now, and life goes on, doesn't it? Let's change topics — I don't want to bring the mood down.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. Earlier, you said that you want to use the prize Mora to purchase a home. Where do you live now, do you live alone?

Unknown Role (None): *cough* Well...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I also heard you mention "Alhaitham" just a moment ago. Isn't he also from Haravatat? Are you two hiding something from me?

Unknown Role (None): No, of course not! Why would you think that? Hahaha...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's definitely not involved, either! We're gonna go interview other contestants now! Bye!

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else I can help you with?

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): It's been a long time since the last Interdarshan Championship. How exciting!

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): They say that Sachin was a Vahumana researcher and that he was a pretty famous genius. I guess geniuses always appreciate the knowledge of other geniuses, haha!

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): I'm surprised you were willing to come to Sumeru City at all.

Unknown Role (None): Well, the atmosphere at the Akademiya has improved immensely since Azar and his ilk were deposed. Master has been busy recently, so he hasn't had the time to instruct me or try to convince me to return to the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): So I've been occasionally visiting the city these days. Trade and business are in greater abundance here, so it's much easier to acquire necessary research equipment.

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): You know, I was just thinking... How did the two of you meet?

Unknown Role (None): I was wrestling with a particularly tricky problem, and she happened to pass by while I was puzzling over it at the House of Daena. She then proceeded to provide some comments.

Unknown Role (None): "Provide some comments"? I was bestowing instruction!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. In truth, I have no intention of solving Kshahrewar's problems for them, but I decided that this youngster seemed to have a decent attitude, and so we had a good chat.

Unknown Role (None): But ultimately, I am a Haravatat scholar, so please come to me with questions about linguistics next time.

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Enjoy the Interdarshan Championship. This will be one to remember, I'm sure.

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): The other contestants are all wearing tracking devices, so you can use your locator to find them more easily.

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): This is my first time commentating for such a competition. I'm feeling kinda nervous.

Unknown Role (None): Nilou, how did you get picked to be a guest commentator?

Unknown Role (None): The staff said that spectators would be less inclined to come if the contestants and commentators were all from the Akademiya.

Unknown Role (None): I don't quite understand it, but I'm happy that we're able to all meet again.

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect that you would be invited as well.

Unknown Role (None): Neither did we! Uh... by the way, how did you get picked, Alhaitham?

Unknown Role (None): There were several factors, but primarily the recommendation of the sages. I suppose they assumed that I'd have the free time for this job after resigning as Acting Grand Sage.

Unknown Role (None): That said, they'd probably claim that my calm demeanor would help maintain fairness in the competition.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you've got a lot on your plate...

Unknown Role (None): Not really. The job itself is quite simple and effortless.

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Let me find a good place to...

### Additional Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure it's alright to release so many?

Unknown Role (None): Have some faith, it'll be fine.

### Additional Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Good, we've got all our ingredients. Next, could I trouble you to help me mix them together?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, Master!

### Additional Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): I'm going to try my luck in the city, too.

### Additional Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Not here...

### Additional Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Wonder if I'll find one here.

### Additional Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): This is taking longer than I thought.

### Additional Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Whew... what a crowd. Seems the Akademiya Extravaganza is in full swing. What do you wanna get?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Maybe we can buy some gifts to bring back?

Unknown Role (None): Now? Huh... I usually get gifts last. Let's go walk around somewhere else first...

### Additional Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): These all look great, but they're more expensive than I expected.

Unknown Role (None): Goods are more expensive here than in Aaru Village.

Unknown Role (None): ...Ah to heck with it! How often do you get to come to the city? Let's not get hung up over the prices!

Unknown Role (None): Dehya, are you sure you want to buy this for me? ...Ooh, this is a heavier material than I expected. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it! It's just nice to go clothes shopping together.

### Additional Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (953279834)

### Additional Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (953279834)

### Additional Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): I will now announce the rules for the first round of the competition. Please listen carefully!

Unknown Role (None): During the opening ceremony, Akademiya staff released several cages of butterflies, and many of them are now fluttering within Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Amongst these butterflies, three of them will be special Swiftflies. They have a different appearance and also fly a little faster.

Unknown Role (None): Your objective this round is to find a Swiftfly and bring it to me. Three points will be awarded to the first participant to return, two to the second, and one point to the third.

Unknown Role (None): That is all for the first round. Should you require clarification on anything, please ask any of the other staff.

Unknown Role (None): Alhaitham's all business all the time, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. That said, how did he get picked to be a commentator? Paimon's kinda curious...

Unknown Role (None): Finding three specific butterflies in a place as large as Sumeru City sounds rather improbable...

Unknown Role (None): If these Swiftflies behave anything like regular butterflies...

Unknown Role (None): I'm off. It will take some time to search every corner of Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You're going, just like that?

Unknown Role (None): A champion walks the road to victory!

Unknown Role (None): My dear Kshahrewar junior, I have a plan. How about some cooperation between you and me?

Unknown Role (None): Cooperation?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like everyone's got their own plans for this toughie.

Unknown Role (None): We're supposed to go on stage next, right? Uh, let's wait and see everyone's reactions first.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait a minute, look! He seems to be observing the other contestants, just like we are!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmph.

Unknown Role (None): We were right not to let our guard down!

### Additional Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): I will now announce the rules for the first round of the competition. Please listen carefully!

Unknown Role (None): During the opening ceremony, Akademiya staff released several cages of butterflies, and many of them are now fluttering within Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Amongst these butterflies, three of them will be special Swiftflies. They have a different appearance and also fly a little faster.

Unknown Role (None): Your objective this round is to find a Swiftfly and bring it to me. Three points will be awarded to the first participant to return, two to the second, and one point to the third.

Unknown Role (None): That is all for the first round. Should you require clarification on anything, please ask any of the other staff.

Unknown Role (None): Alhaitham's all business all the time, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. That said, how did he get picked to be a commentator? Paimon's kinda curious...

Unknown Role (None): Finding three specific butterflies in a place as large as Sumeru City sounds rather improbable...

Unknown Role (None): If these Swiftflies behave anything like regular butterflies...

Unknown Role (None): I'm off. It will take some time to search every corner of Sumeru City.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You're going, just like that?

Unknown Role (None): A champion walks the road to victory!

Unknown Role (None): My dear Kshahrewar junior, I have a plan. How about some cooperation between you and me?

Unknown Role (None): Cooperation?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like everyone's got their own plans for this toughie.

Unknown Role (None): We're supposed to go on stage next, right? Uh, let's wait and see everyone's reactions first.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait a minute, look! He seems to be observing the other contestants, just like we are!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmph.

Unknown Role (None): We were right not to let our guard down!