# The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Hey, have you seen The Steambird? It seems Fontaine has been celebrating some kind of festival recently. Things are looking pretty lively in the square, they even changed the banners!

Unknown Role (None): Huh, there are a lot of people holding Kameras... Oh, and they've got candy and snacks, too! Looks like everyone's having a good time!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go have a look for ourselves!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): So, what did you want to tell us, Chevreuse?

Unknown Role (None): Have you read "The Two Musketeers"?

Unknown Role (None): I've heard a bit about it.

Unknown Role (None): I haven't read it yet.

Unknown Role (None): The story is about a pair of children born into the household of a baron, and their struggle to survive together and take revenge for their mother.

Unknown Role (None): They were raised at the baron's estate, where their mother worked as a maid. The two were illegitimate children that the baron had with the maid, so they were never treated well by anyone.

Unknown Role (None): One day, upon returning home, they found their mother had been murdered and left dead on the floor. It was quite evident that the culprits were the other members of the baron's household, who never had any kind words to say to them.

Unknown Role (None): However, the baron was able to exert his influence and keep the whole thing under wraps. The mother's death was eventually deemed as a suicide, and there was no chance of bringing her murderers to justice. The two siblings decided to flee and someday avenge their mother.

Unknown Role (None): Many years later, members of the baron's family suddenly started turning up dead one after the other... all killed by gunshot. A Rainbow Rose was found on each of the victim's bodies, being the flower that the kids' mother liked best.

Unknown Role (None): The baron believed that the mother's soul had come to take vengeance on him, so he lived in fear each day.

Unknown Role (None): But it was actually those two siblings who had fled all those years ago. They relied on each other to survive and trained day and night, eventually becoming adept musketeers.

Unknown Role (None): They used all of their abilities to collect evidence and clues, before executing their plan and exacting revenge on the baron. Their actions let the truth behind their mother's death be known to all.

Unknown Role (None): That's quite an exhilarating story!

Unknown Role (None): Yep, the baron got what he deserved for his evil deeds, and justice was able to prevail. It was just the kind of story I enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so is that why you were so willing to join our crew, Chevreuse?

Unknown Role (None): You could say it was one of the reasons.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You mean there were other reasons, too?

Unknown Role (None): I've read the reports about you. Whether it was at the trials, or when you lent your hand to resolve our nation's crisis...

Unknown Role (None): You've shown that you've got a strong sense of justice, as well as a great mind for deductions.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so what you're implying is...

Unknown Role (None): There's a case that you need our help with?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, you're as sharp as I expected. It seems you've experienced many similar situations before.

Unknown Role (None): There's been a recent murder case involving muskets. The perpetrator's methods appear to be very similar to what is described in the novel.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Really!? But Paimon didn't see anything about that in today's papers.

Unknown Role (None): The Marechaussee Phantom hasn't yet released any information to the public, because the investigation is currently at a standstill. The murderer is extremely cautious.

Unknown Role (None): A murder involving firearms... But not that many people use those in Fontaine, right?

Unknown Role (None): Could it be someone from your platoon?

Unknown Role (None): Impossible. We perform a routine inspection of our firearms and ammo reserves every day. If one of the weapons had been fired, it would stick out like a sore thumb. Besides, I trust the members of my platoon.

Unknown Role (None): However... Well, that's all I can disclose about the case today.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Whaddya mean?

Unknown Role (None): I hope you all can go back and get some shut-eye. You can decide tomorrow whether or not you'd like to join the investigation with me.

Unknown Role (None): I'm aware this might not be the ideal time to add more to your plate, but the more capable people we have, the better the chances that justice will prevail.

Unknown Role (None): Can't someone from the Special Patrol help you investigate?

Unknown Role (None): Carrying out investigations isn't actually supposed to be our responsibility. Our job is to apprehend the perpetrators... finding them is really up to the Marechaussee Phantom. You could say I'm taking part in the investigation out of personal interest.

Unknown Role (None): I don't want people to see muskets in a negative way, and also... I'm concerned about the similarity between the crimes and the story.

Unknown Role (None): You mean... they might be connected somehow?

Unknown Role (None): I suspect so.

Unknown Role (None): Just to make myself clear, this is not an order, nor is it a deal of any kind. It's a request, nothing more.

Unknown Role (None): If you two have any interest in the case after we finish filming tomorrow, and are willing to assist me, then I would be most grateful.

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm, what do you think, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): It's already been quite a day...

Unknown Role (None): Let's give it some thought tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you're right. Paimon's getting a little tired, too. We've really been hustling all day.

Unknown Role (None): You'd better head back and get some rest. It's good to keep a calm mind, especially when you're about to make an important decision.

Unknown Role (None): Otherwise, when the moment comes, you might end up like that shopkeeper, and not even realize that the right choice is right there in front of you.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Uh, Miss Chiori...

Unknown Role (None): Your talk with the investor sure went fast. The aquabus hasn't even arrived yet.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? And who are they?

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, allow me to introduce you. This is Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Pleased to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): Likewise! We've heard the owner of Chioriya Boutique is a skilled seamstress, so it's a real pleasure to finally meet you in person!

Unknown Role (None): The way Navia's wardrobe comes together is really exceptional.

Unknown Role (None): Why, thank you. I strove to create an outfit that matched her high social station as the Demoiselle.

Unknown Role (None): The concept behind Kirara's outfit is really original.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I just wanted to make sure she wouldn't always look like a cat that had been unceremoniously dropped in a bucket of paint.

Unknown Role (None): So tell me, what happened? I can tell the conversation didn't go quite as expected.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Well, it's like this...

Unknown Role (None): Xavier explains the issue regarding the funding to Chiori.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I know! I know, Chiori, you don't have to say it. You did remind me that this investor was a little bit sketchy.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, there's no doubt about that.

Unknown Role (None): But how could I pass it up... He offered me twice as much as the others.

Unknown Role (None): And therein lies the problem.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, but just put yourself in my shoes. After obtaining such an excellent script, it's only natural that I would want to make the most of the film.

Unknown Role (None): The budgets that the others had proposed were nowhere near enough. It's difficult to find someone willing to front such a large amount of Mora, so...

Unknown Role (None): Don't be sad, Xavier. We might be able to help scrounge some Mora together for you!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Paimon. That means a lot to me. But the cost of the film is staggering... I'm afraid that any Mora we can "scrounge" together in a short amount of time won't even be able to cover the actors' fees...

Unknown Role (None): We need to move on. What's happened has already happened, and there's no changing it, but now's not the time to give up.

Unknown Role (None): What? You're saying that... you have a plan?

Unknown Role (None): No, that's not what I mean. I'm simply saying I wouldn't give up just yet.

Unknown Role (None): The actors I recommended aren't just after Mora, after all.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Oh, how lucky am I to have so many kind-hearted people assisting me!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, yeah. Just watch your step, now.

Unknown Role (None): Everything I've been through is starting to pay off now... There finally is a light at the end of the tunnel!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I see it now! What lies before me... is a whole world of hope!

Unknown Role (None): ...No, what lies before you is the fountain. I hope you can start seeing clearly, or you'll end up taking a dip in it!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): ...Really!? Then where do you live?

Unknown Role (None): We Melusines live in Merusea Village. The only way to enter is from underwater!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, then you must be pretty tired after work every day, right? I mean, you have to swim all that way just to go home.

Unknown Role (None): You're so thoughtful! But some Melusines choose to live in the Court of Fontaine because it's so much more convenient.

Unknown Role (None): This is our stop.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? We've arrived? But I haven't even finished chatting with Aeval yet!

Unknown Role (None): I also enjoyed Aeval's introductions to Fontaine along the way. Everything you described was so clear and detailed that we can't help but want to hear more.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much! I'm usually working here on this aquabus, so I hope I'll have the chance to see you again. There are still many more places I'd like to introduce to you.

Unknown Role (None): Welcome to the Court of Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Chiori! You sure have changed a lot. This is the first time we've seen you since you left Inazuma.

Unknown Role (None): I haven't realized it's been so long. I was in such a rush when I left that I didn't even get to say goodbye.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for extending the invitation, Mr. Xavier. I'm looking forward to a fruitful trip here in Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): It's an honor to have the head of the Kamisato Clan visit us.

Unknown Role (None): So they are who you meant when you said you had actors coming from Inazuma?

Unknown Role (None): #Oh? It's Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, what a coincidence! Ayaka and I were just talking about you on the way here. Are you also here for the film?

Unknown Role (None): We just ran into Xavier earlier, and came over with him.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, but I'm not an actress. Sir Kamisato and Lady Ayaka are the real actors here! I'm just tagging along with Ayaka to have a good time together.

Unknown Role (None): I thought I would always get the lead role.

Unknown Role (None): Er, about that... I mean, how was I supposed to contact you when I was making preparations for the film? I figured you were probably busy, and I didn't want to disturb you...

Unknown Role (None): So I could only keep you in the back of my mind while I sought other actors to play the lead roles in this film.

Unknown Role (None): I had been thinking about a surprise reunion with you during our trip here... But you still managed to surprise me first.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you all know each other already? My, what a coincidence! What are the chances everyone could be brought together here like this?

Unknown Role (None): Why don't we go to Hotel Debord and catch up over a meal? I've already made a reservation.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, did you reserve two spots for us, too?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, of course, of course! I'll be sure to tell the boss to serve a few more delicious dishes, just to make sure there'll be enough food.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. Then please kindly lead the way, Mr. Xavier.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): You go ahead, no need to worry about us.

Unknown Role (None): I hope Furina will like the gifts we prepared. Oh, and if you still think we should get something else for her, just let me know! I should be able to make some fireworks.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Besides the macaroni, I should also pick up some tomato sauce...

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, so this is what food from Fontaine is like! It sure is different from what we have in Inazuma. How should I describe it? It seems like you have to go through a lot more... steps to make them. And the flavor has many layers, too!

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, when I first went to Inazuma, I actually thought the food there tasted a little too bland. It took some time for me to get used to it.

Unknown Role (None): Let's get back to the purpose of this trip for a moment, shall we? How have preparations for the film been coming along, Mr. Xavier?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I've already assembled most of the film crew... A lighting specialist, a prop manager, and a costume designer... I've also bought the copyrights from the novel's author.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's called "The Two Musketeers," right? I read the script you sent me on the way here, the story is pretty good!

Unknown Role (None): Originally, I was planning to start filming as soon as Sir Kamisato and Lady Ayaka arrived in Fontaine. But, uh... I'm afraid I've run into a bit of a problem.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What is it?

Unknown Role (None): It has to do with the film's investor, Mr. Morris. He suddenly informed me this morning that he's encountered some financial trouble, and will be unable to release to me the amount of funding agreed upon...

Unknown Role (None): It's said that Fontaine's legal system is well-developed. If he has violated the contract, then can't you simply take him to court over the matter?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, well... I'm still more concerned about filming... Even if I were to take him to court, I'm afraid it would take months before the case could even be heard.

Unknown Role (None): Then, is there a way we could raise funds ourselves to solve the problem?

Unknown Role (None): I've considered that option, too. But, unfortunately, it's difficult to gather such a large amount of Mora on such short notice. Besides, we have to consider the Film Festival's submission deadline...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Xavier, if Ayaka and I were willing to perform for free, would that resolve the problem you are currently facing?

Unknown Role (None): What? N—No, out of the question. To have you come all this way just to act for free? ...No, no, no, that won't do.

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to worry, Mr. Xavier. My brother and I had actually intended to work for free after receiving your invitation.

Unknown Role (None): Inazuma has only recently reopened its borders, and needs to strengthen its relations and cultural ties with other nations. We didn't have many collaboration projects with Fontaine in the past, so we hoped this trip would serve as a good start for the future.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, you could say that's the real reason why the Yashiro Commission agreed to come to Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): I understand, but... having you two act for free just doesn't seem right.

Unknown Role (None): Not at all. While we're officially here to conduct a "cultural survey" of sorts, we must express our sincerity if we want to establish formal cultural ties with your nation.

Unknown Role (None): This film will serve as proof of friendly cooperation and cultural exchange between Inazuma and Fontaine. It's my hope that the film can be finished and released as smoothly as possible.

Unknown Role (None): If you still don't feel comfortable with this arrangement, I would also be more than happy to be introduced to some other renowned individuals in Fontaine's literary and artistic circles.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'll do as you say. Thank you... Thank you so much. I'll make sure to cobble together enough Mora now, even if it means selling my house, my Kamera, and every single family heirloom!

Unknown Role (None): C'mon now, no need to go that far. I'll also help you out as a brand sponsor.

Unknown Role (None): We can help, too...

Unknown Role (None): Just say that you got our contribution from some personal friends.

Unknown Role (None): Me too! Even though I didn't bring much Mora to spend on this trip... It's still better than nothing!

Unknown Role (None): You are too kind, all of you! *sniff* I... I really don't know how to...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, enough about that. Now that we have Xavier's savings, my support, and two leads who are willing to act for free... I think we will be able to make this happen.

Unknown Role (None): So instead of Mora, you'll help with filming and production.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, but how can we help with that? We don't know much about making a film...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, pull yourself together, Xavier. Tell us if there are still any open positions left among the crew.

Unknown Role (None): ...Oh, al—alright. Let me think... we still need a Kamera operator, a clapper loader, and someone to manage logistics.

Unknown Role (None): I originally wanted to personally serve as director, but I've been too busy working as the producer... So, the positions of director and director's assistant will also need to be filled...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knows what the director and the logistics support person do, but what's a clapper loader?

Unknown Role (None): The clapper loader is responsible for using the clapperboard to record and organize the information of each shot when the Kamera operator begins shooting. The work requires both patience and careful attention to detail.

Unknown Role (None): A clapperboard? Oh, you mean the thing they hold that goes CLAP whenever they start filming?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right. Are you interested in that job?

Unknown Role (None): For sure! Paimon's always wanted to try that!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then you'll be our clapper loader. I can find someone from the store to help with logistics. What do you think, Xavier?

Unknown Role (None): #Fine by me. As for our Kamera operator, I was thinking of letting Traveler take the role.

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, he's great when it comes to using a Kamera! Paimon can't even count how many things we've taken photos of during our journey.

Unknown Role (None): #Yes, that's also what I was thinking. I noticed Traveler had an eye for photography and composition when we worked together previously.

Unknown Role (None): #I'm sure that's due to Traveler's journey across Teyvat and all the places they've seen. After so many adventures, using a Kamera must be second nature by now.

Unknown Role (None): What do you say, Traveler? Are you interested in the job?

Unknown Role (None): As long as I'll be able to help.

Unknown Role (None): Lights, Kamera, action!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, it really means a lot to me! C'mon, friend, let me give you a big, warm hug!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, I think we'd better get to work.

Unknown Role (None): So all that's left for us to find is a director and an assistant.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Me, me, me! I want to be the director's assistant! All I need to do is help the director, right? I can handle that!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then all we need is a director... *sigh* All the well-known directors in Fontaine are probably also busy working on their own films these days... I'm not sure who will have time to help.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Furina helped out a theater troupe recently by serving as an artistic consultant. She could be a good director, right? Besides, it's not like she has anything else to do right now...

Unknown Role (None): F—Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, do you really think Lady Furina would be willing to help us with our humble project?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that the name of Fontaine's Hydro Archon? My brother has already informed me about what happened here in Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, that's her! She helped out a theater troupe not too long ago, and now she's taking up work as a director.

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I saw that musical. Her performance was perfect, and the storyboards were also excellent.

Unknown Role (None): Don't let her former identity intimidate you. She's the best candidate we can think of right now. You'll never know until you give her a shot.

Unknown Role (None): Fine... You're right, Chiori. I'll do anything for the sake of my film... anything!

Unknown Role (None): #Whew... Then I'll have to ask Traveler and Paimon to show me the way to Lady Furina's residence. I just hope she'll agree to help.

Unknown Role (None): Do you need us to also come along?

Unknown Role (None): No, there's no need to trouble you with this. Besides, you've just arrived in Fontaine, and I'm sure there are many places you would like to visit.

Unknown Role (None): Just leave this task to me... It's part of my duties as the producer.

Unknown Role (None): Very well, then we'll be waiting to hear the good news.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go with you. By the way, you might want to consider bringing a gift.

Unknown Role (None): And don't worry, we won't simply drop you off at Furina's place! We know Furina pretty well by now, so having some familiar faces there should help your chances... Besides, the whole thing was our idea in the first place!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then I'll start making preparations. As for the gift...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, a gift for someone who was once seen as the Hydro Archon. I wonder what she would like...

Unknown Role (None): I recall that Lady Furina once fancied a clockwork ring, so perhaps I should get another exquisite clockwork contraption for her?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Can't we just bring some desserts? Like the Fontinalia Mousse?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, but wouldn't that be a little too cheap? She does like desserts though...

Unknown Role (None): Isn't the Fontinalia Festival happening right now? I heard Aeval tell us on the aquabus that Furina introduced the tradition of going door-to-door and asking for sweets.

Unknown Role (None): To do something like that... she must have a real sweet tooth.

Unknown Role (None): I agree with Yoimiya. If the gift is too fancy, it might actually make her feel more uncomfortable.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then! Let's go buy some Fontinalia Mousse!

Unknown Role (None): But will that really be enough? We'll be asking her to do a lot of work, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you're right. We need to further sweeten the deal.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You want something even sweeter than Fontinalia Mousse?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, we'll need a gift that's sweeter than any dessert in the world.

Unknown Role (None): But what could that be?

Unknown Role (None): Your words of praise.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Welcome to the Court of Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Chiori! You sure have changed a lot. This is the first time we've seen you since you left Inazuma.

Unknown Role (None): I haven't realized it's been so long. I was in such a rush when I left that I didn't even get to say goodbye.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for extending the invitation, Mr. Xavier. I'm looking forward to a fruitful trip here in Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): It's an honor to have the head of the Kamisato Clan visit us.

Unknown Role (None): So they are who you meant when you said you had actors coming from Inazuma?

Unknown Role (None): #Oh? It's Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, what a coincidence! Ayaka and I were just talking about you on the way here. Are you also here for the film?

Unknown Role (None): We just ran into Xavier earlier, and came over with him.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, but I'm not an actress. Sir Kamisato and Lady Ayaka are the real actors here! I'm just tagging along with Ayaka to have a good time together.

Unknown Role (None): I thought I would always get the lead role.

Unknown Role (None): Er, about that... I mean, how was I supposed to contact you when I was making preparations for the film? I figured you were probably busy, and I didn't want to disturb you...

Unknown Role (None): So I could only keep you in the back of my mind while I sought other actors to play the lead roles in this film.

Unknown Role (None): I had been thinking about a surprise reunion with you during our trip here... But you still managed to surprise me first.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you all know each other already? My, what a coincidence! What are the chances everyone could be brought together here like this?

Unknown Role (None): Why don't we go to Hotel Debord and catch up over a meal? I've already made a reservation.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, did you reserve two spots for us, too?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, of course, of course! I'll be sure to tell the boss to serve a few more delicious dishes, just to make sure there'll be enough food.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. Then please kindly lead the way, Mr. Xavier.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Are you ready? I have high standards, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): Okay. Grab the Kamera, and I'll give you a scenario.

Unknown Role (None): Please wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. You can come back once you've reviewed the basics of film composition and feel ready.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Looking forward to the good news.

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): We're here, this is where Furina lives.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I'll go knock on the door.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): *yawn* Coming, coming... Seriously, who's knocking before afternoon tea...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Who are you?

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina, please allow me to introduce myself. I am Xavier, a film director.

Unknown Role (None): #Hello. Oh? Is that Traveler and Paimon I see behind you? And who's this...?

Unknown Role (None): I'm Chiori.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, the one from Chioriya Boutique! Hello, hello.

Unknown Role (None): So what are you all doing here? Do you need something?

Unknown Role (None): Did you just get up, Furina? It's already past noon, you know...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Try to be nice, remember?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Oh, uh... Paimon means the weather is so nice in the afternoon, and the sun so warm, just like how you make us feel! Sleeping in late is a really smart idea!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, no... I was just up late last night reading some novels... What does sleeping in have to do with the weather?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, this is a small gift we prepared for you, Lady Furina. We hope you'll like it.

Unknown Role (None): No need to be so formal, I'm just a regular person like everyone else now. Oh! Is this Fontinalia Mousse? It's one of my favorites!

Unknown Role (None): That's great! So, actually, there's something we need your help with...

Unknown Role (None): Given your renowned passion and understanding of drama, I would like to ask you to serve as the director of our film crew.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? But didn't you just say that you're a director?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, but for this particular project, I'm mainly working as a producer. Besides, I'm sure that your understanding of the performing arts far surpasses my own, Lady Furina.

Unknown Role (None): #Are Traveler and Paimon also part of the film crew?

Unknown Role (None): #Yep, we sure are! Paimon's the clapper loader and he's the Kamera operator.

Unknown Role (None): Kamera operator? That can be a pretty technical job, and it directly affects the final quality of the film. Are you really up to it?

Unknown Role (None): I have experience.

Unknown Role (None): I can show you if you like.

Unknown Role (None): No, I'm not questioning your abilities. It's just that, I've never really seen you use a Kamera before.

Unknown Role (None): #Maybe you can come up with a test for Traveler and see for yourself!

Unknown Role (None): #If he can satisfy you with his Kamera skills, then you'd have nothing to worry about and can join the team. Whaddya say?

Unknown Role (None): #Uh, you sure are getting better at rolling with the situation, Paimon. Hmm, I do wish to see how skilled Traveler really is with a Kamera.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, how about this... We'll work with what we have. I'll give you some scenarios, and see if your work is up to my standards.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, no problem.

Unknown Role (None): Whatever you say, Director Furina.

Unknown Role (None): Very good. It's essential for the Kamera operator to understand the director's vision. I'll make my decision after seeing your work.

Unknown Role (None): Are you ready? I have high standards, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): Okay. Grab the Kamera, and I'll give you a scenario.

Unknown Role (None): Please wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. You can come back once you've reviewed the basics of film composition and feel ready.

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Wow! The buildings in Fontaine are so tall... just look at how big they are!

Unknown Role (None): And there's the fountain that Aeval mentioned earlier. It really is a magnificent sight.

Unknown Role (None): And look at that huge spinning sphere... where does it get its power? Wait a sec, could it be one of those clockwork meka we've heard so much about?

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Here, Yoimiya, try some Conch Madeleine.

Unknown Role (None): No, you ordered it, Ayaka, so you should be the first to try.

Unknown Role (None): To be honest, I ordered it for you. You're fond of desserts, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Well, in that case, I guess I shouldn't refuse! Let's try some together!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, alright.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): This is amazing!

Unknown Role (None): The texture is so soft! You can feel the super rich aroma of butter as soon as you take a bite, and the aftertaste is pure bliss...

Unknown Role (None): Great, I'm glad you like it.

Unknown Role (None): I enjoyed it too. And I really like the swirly design.

Unknown Role (None): I've heard that it's supposed to look like a Beryl Conch! I've never actually seen one myself, but now, I'm really curious about what it looks like!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Ayaka, when you can find the time, would you like to go search for one underwater with me?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, why don't we go right after this?

Unknown Role (None): Great, then that's a plan! There are so many places I'd like to visit with you!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): ...Indeed, Monsieur Neuvillette, I'd very much appreciate hearing your thoughts on everything we just discussed, including my initial proposal, and the general direction of our potential cooperation.

Unknown Role (None): Your proposals are reasonable, and quite well-thought out. Your sincerity and wish for our mutual success was evident in your words, so there's no need to be so modest.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. So, what's your decision?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): If you're asking for my personal opinion... I'm willing to cooperate in full based on my own opinions and my impression of Inazuma's culture.

Unknown Role (None): However, Fontaine doesn't run simply based on the feelings of one individual. I'm sure Inazuma must be the same. Everything must be done in accordance with the regulations that are in place.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, of course.

Unknown Role (None): I will submit a written proposal outlining the details of our potential cooperation to the Palais Mermonia within a week.

Unknown Role (None): Then I look forward to hearing from you.

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Let me be honest... Do you really think you have what it takes to shoot a film?

Unknown Role (None): You put no thought into finding a good Kamera angle, and the characters weren't even in the shots. As for the original intent of the characters' lines... did you leave them somewhere in the vicinity of Elton Trench?

Unknown Role (None): I mean, I guess you could be trying to pursue your definition of the avant-garde... if that's what you're doing, I suppose you do have to find yourselves a capable director...

Unknown Role (None): So, what's the verdict?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, does that mean you agree to be our director, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Hah, did you think I would agree just like that? After our performance of "The Little Oceanid," I've begun to make a name for myself again, you know.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, I've already had several troupes approach me for the Fontinalia Film Festival. Unfortunately, the scripts were all pretty boring, and didn't pique my interest.

Unknown Role (None): If others were to find out I agreed to work with you so easily, then, well...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, but didn't we have a deal? What else do we need to do to convince you, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Well, what about the pay?

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): You know... how much you're willing to pay me to be the director? The pay is also an important factor for me to consider, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh... I can offer you... this much...

Unknown Role (None): ...What? That's all!? If Neuvillette were to hear of this, he could charge you with underpaying your labor!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but our crew is in a tight financial spot at the moment...

Unknown Role (None): I see. Well, even though it's highly unlikely now that I'll join your crew, there's still something I'd like to ask... Exactly what film are you planning to make?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh... Our script is an adaption of "The Two Musketeers."

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait, you mean the suspense thriller novel that was a number-one bestseller?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so Furina's read it, too!

Unknown Role (None): Of course I've read it! I've always had a keen interest in artistic works that strike a chord with the populace.

Unknown Role (None): I see... It all makes sense now. You must've used most of the budget to pay for the copyright.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, not really... The novel's author transferred the copyright to me practically for free once he heard that I wanted to make a film adaption of the story. The lack of budget is due to another issue...

Unknown Role (None): He probably just wants to get his name out there, so Mora isn't the most important thing to him right now.

Unknown Role (None): It reminds me of a delivery courier who wears one of my designs while traveling all across Teyvat. I didn't charge her much for the outfit, either. The exposure she provides for my brand is well worth it.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): So, are you a big fan of this story, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh... it's alright! The pacing of the story is good, but the character relationships could use some work. When I was reading it before, I always felt like some things were left on a rather unsatisfactory note. I have high standards, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Mr. Xavier, if, hypothetically speaking, I agree to be the director... how much freedom would I have in terms of script revisions and creative interpretation?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, as much freedom as you would need! I wouldn't dare doubt the tastes of Fontaine's greatest star.

Unknown Role (None): Good. Then I'm free to alter the script as I see fit?

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely, no problem!

Unknown Role (None): We're counting on you, Director Furina.

Unknown Role (None): Now's your chance to make a film that you love.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, alright. It seems that your crew really can't go on without my care and direction.

Unknown Role (None): So... you agree?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I agree. Although the pay is well below what someone of my caliber deserves, a great script calls for a great director.

Unknown Role (None): I mustn't let a perfectly good story be ruined due to lack of funds. If you have fine cheese and bread, you wouldn't let it just sit on the counter and get moldy just because you lack an oven, right?

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Furina.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Hydro Archon above... I'm not dreaming, am I? Somebody pinch me.

Unknown Role (None): There's no more Hydro Archon, you know... And it's still a little early to celebrate.

Unknown Role (None): There's a lot that goes into shooting a film. Although the trickiest tasks of finalizing the script and casting the actors have already been taken care of, we'll still need to reserve filming locations, not to say set up lighting and props...

Unknown Role (None): And by the way, since we'll be filming "The Two Musketeers," we'll need to find an action choreographer... Ideally, a professional who has actual experience with muskets.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I've thought about this as well. I was hoping that you might know someone who could handle the job.

Unknown Role (None): Me? Hmm... if this was before, I could have simply asked Clorinde. But it's already been some time since I last talked to her.

Unknown Role (None): Navia can also use firearms, but unfortunately, her style is quite different from that of the characters in the story.

Unknown Role (None): Could we ask the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean the Special Patrol's Musketeers?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right. They work with muskets every day. I can't think of anyone more qualified than them.

Unknown Role (None): They would be under Neuvillette's jurisdiction. Unfortunately, I uh... Don't have any connection with them at all.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, so... in the end, we still have to start by talking to Neuvillette...

Unknown Role (None): No need to go to all that trouble. I know their captain, Chevreuse.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you do? Wait, Chiori, how do you know the captain of the Special Patrol's Musketeers?

Unknown Role (None): No particular reason. Running a business means dealing with some trouble from time to time, and she's helped me out on a few occasions.

Unknown Role (None): In return, I've helped her handle a few situations in which the Special Patrol couldn't get involved directly. So, we've gotten to know each other over time.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, so you're saying there's been times when the Special Patrol needed a fashion designer to handle a situation? Your work is becoming more and more mysterious...

Unknown Role (None): It'd be best to keep it that way. Anyway, enough about that. What do you all think about asking the captain to be our musket action choreographer?

Unknown Role (None): She sounds professional enough. She is a captain, after all. I have no objections.

Unknown Role (None): But I imagine the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol must be busy with their duties. Do you think she'd really have time to help with shooting a film? And then there's the issue of pay...

Unknown Role (None): Well, it just so happens that she's also not the kind of person that's just after Mora. As for whether she has time, I'll have to go and ask her first.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll leave that to you. Macaroni's on sale today, so I've got to go. You can just tell me how things went when we discuss tomorrow's plan later.

Unknown Role (None): No problem.

Unknown Role (None): Yeee! Having Furina join feels like a big boost to our team.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, just wait until the day of our premiere. You'll witness the true power of my name in these lands! You'll be so glad I agreed to help. I can guarantee that even the standing tickets will be sold out.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be sure to ask some people I know to see if they'd be willing to act as extras.

Unknown Role (None): Ha, seems like you're finally getting more comfortable with your own reputation now!

Unknown Role (None): I didn't ask for the clapper loader's commentary, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): I can't wait to see our film's premiere.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's get going. I happen to know where Chevreuse is today.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, I'm curious. If my pay is so low, then what about our two lead actors? Didn't they travel here all the way from Inazuma?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, they told us that they see the trip as a part of cultural exchange... So they didn't ask for any pay.

Unknown Role (None): What? So is every person in Teyvat who doesn't want money gathered here to shoot this film? Don't tell me Chiori isn't being paid either...

Unknown Role (None): I already knew Xavier from before, and he's also agreed to give my brand some good exposure.

Unknown Role (None): It seems the gods have really smiled upon you, Xavier... And that certainly doesn't include me, mind you.

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Oh? It appears that you have more skill than I thought.

Unknown Role (None): All the shots had great composition, and I could really feel a connection to the characters and their lines...

Unknown Role (None): So, what's the verdict?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, does that mean you agree to be our director, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Hah, did you think I would agree just like that? After our performance of "The Little Oceanid," I've begun to make a name for myself again, you know.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, I've already had several troupes approach me for the Fontinalia Film Festival. Unfortunately, the scripts were all pretty boring, and didn't pique my interest.

Unknown Role (None): If others were to find out I agreed to work with you so easily, then, well...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, but didn't we have a deal? What else do we need to do to convince you, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Well, what about the pay?

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): You know... how much you're willing to pay me to be the director? The pay is also an important factor for me to consider, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh... I can offer you... this much...

Unknown Role (None): ...What? That's all!? If Neuvillette were to hear of this, he could charge you with underpaying your labor!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but our crew is in a tight financial spot at the moment...

Unknown Role (None): I see. Well, even though it's highly unlikely now that I'll join your crew, there's still something I'd like to ask... Exactly what film are you planning to make?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh... Our script is an adaption of "The Two Musketeers."

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait, you mean the suspense thriller novel that was a number-one bestseller?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so Furina's read it, too!

Unknown Role (None): Of course I've read it! I've always had a keen interest in artistic works that strike a chord with the populace.

Unknown Role (None): I see... It all makes sense now. You must've used most of the budget to pay for the copyright.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, not really... The novel's author transferred the copyright to me practically for free once he heard that I wanted to make a film adaption of the story. The lack of budget is due to another issue...

Unknown Role (None): He probably just wants to get his name out there, so Mora isn't the most important thing to him right now.

Unknown Role (None): It reminds me of a delivery courier who wears one of my designs while traveling all across Teyvat. I didn't charge her much for the outfit, either. The exposure she provides for my brand is well worth it.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): So, are you a big fan of this story, Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh... it's alright! The pacing of the story is good, but the character relationships could use some work. When I was reading it before, I always felt like some things were left on a rather unsatisfactory note. I have high standards, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Mr. Xavier, if, hypothetically speaking, I agree to be the director... how much freedom would I have in terms of script revisions and creative interpretation?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, as much freedom as you would need! I wouldn't dare doubt the tastes of Fontaine's greatest star.

Unknown Role (None): Good. Then I'm free to alter the script as I see fit?

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely, no problem!

Unknown Role (None): We're counting on you, Director Furina.

Unknown Role (None): Now's your chance to make a film that you love.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, alright. It seems that your crew really can't go on without my care and direction.

Unknown Role (None): So... you agree?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I agree. Although the pay is well below what someone of my caliber deserves, a great script calls for a great director.

Unknown Role (None): I mustn't let a perfectly good story be ruined due to lack of funds. If you have fine cheese and bread, you wouldn't let it just sit on the counter and get moldy just because you lack an oven, right?

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Furina.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Hydro Archon above... I'm not dreaming, am I? Somebody pinch me.

Unknown Role (None): There's no more Hydro Archon, you know... And it's still a little early to celebrate.

Unknown Role (None): There's a lot that goes into shooting a film. Although the trickiest tasks of finalizing the script and casting the actors have already been taken care of, we'll still need to reserve filming locations, not to say set up lighting and props...

Unknown Role (None): And by the way, since we'll be filming "The Two Musketeers," we'll need to find an action choreographer... Ideally, a professional who has actual experience with muskets.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I've thought about this as well. I was hoping that you might know someone who could handle the job.

Unknown Role (None): Me? Hmm... if this was before, I could have simply asked Clorinde. But it's already been some time since I last talked to her.

Unknown Role (None): Navia can also use firearms, but unfortunately, her style is quite different from that of the characters in the story.

Unknown Role (None): Could we ask the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean the Special Patrol's Musketeers?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right. They work with muskets every day. I can't think of anyone more qualified than them.

Unknown Role (None): They would be under Neuvillette's jurisdiction. Unfortunately, I uh... Don't have any connection with them at all.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, so... in the end, we still have to start by talking to Neuvillette...

Unknown Role (None): No need to go to all that trouble. I know their captain, Chevreuse.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you do? Wait, Chiori, how do you know the captain of the Special Patrol's Musketeers?

Unknown Role (None): No particular reason. Running a business means dealing with some trouble from time to time, and she's helped me out on a few occasions.

Unknown Role (None): In return, I've helped her handle a few situations in which the Special Patrol couldn't get involved directly. So, we've gotten to know each other over time.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, so you're saying there's been times when the Special Patrol needed a fashion designer to handle a situation? Your work is becoming more and more mysterious...

Unknown Role (None): It'd be best to keep it that way. Anyway, enough about that. What do you all think about asking the captain to be our musket action choreographer?

Unknown Role (None): She sounds professional enough. She is a captain, after all. I have no objections.

Unknown Role (None): But I imagine the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol must be busy with their duties. Do you think she'd really have time to help with shooting a film? And then there's the issue of pay...

Unknown Role (None): Well, it just so happens that she's also not the kind of person that's just after Mora. As for whether she has time, I'll have to go and ask her first.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll leave that to you. Macaroni's on sale today, so I've got to go. You can just tell me how things went when we discuss tomorrow's plan later.

Unknown Role (None): No problem.

Unknown Role (None): Yeee! Having Furina join feels like a big boost to our team.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, just wait until the day of our premiere. You'll witness the true power of my name in these lands! You'll be so glad I agreed to help. I can guarantee that even the standing tickets will be sold out.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be sure to ask some people I know to see if they'd be willing to act as extras.

Unknown Role (None): Ha, seems like you're finally getting more comfortable with your own reputation now!

Unknown Role (None): I didn't ask for the clapper loader's commentary, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): I can't wait to see our film's premiere.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's get going. I happen to know where Chevreuse is today.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, I'm curious. If my pay is so low, then what about our two lead actors? Didn't they travel here all the way from Inazuma?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, they told us that they see the trip as a part of cultural exchange... So they didn't ask for any pay.

Unknown Role (None): What? So is every person in Teyvat who doesn't want money gathered here to shoot this film? Don't tell me Chiori isn't being paid either...

Unknown Role (None): I already knew Xavier from before, and he's also agreed to give my brand some good exposure.

Unknown Role (None): It seems the gods have really smiled upon you, Xavier... And that certainly doesn't include me, mind you.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Alright, this is the place.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? But where's the captain? There's hardly anyone around here.

Unknown Role (None): She's over there... The one with an eye patch reading in front of the newsstand.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, her! Paimon could tell there was something different about her. She seems kinda intimidating!

Unknown Role (None): Please wait here for a moment, I'll go fetch her. She's working now, so you might not want to get in her way.

Unknown Role (None): Working? But isn't she just standing there and reading a novel?

Unknown Role (None): Just trust me.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... alright. Let's see what happens then...

Unknown Role (None): Chiori sure is a mysterious person... She claims just to be a fashion designer, but she knows all these powerful people.

Unknown Role (None): The Court of Fontaine isn't particularly tolerant of visitors from overseas, so it isn't easy for a foreigner to promote their brand here... Even more so in the competitive world of fashion.

Unknown Role (None): Even a local like me just trying to make a film has to face all kinds of challenges, so I can only imagine what Chiori has been through to get to where she is today. I'm sure that having more connections has definitely worked in her favor.

Unknown Role (None): Reading on the job?

Unknown Role (None): Detective novel.

Unknown Role (None): One main character?

Unknown Role (None): No, multiple. Branching storylines.

Unknown Role (None): I see. How's the plot coming along?

Unknown Role (None): One of the main characters is about to make a choice that will affect the rest of his life. I'd wager he's going to make the wrong choice.

Unknown Role (None): Any way to speed things up? There's something I need your help with.

Unknown Role (None): You know that doesn't depend on me. It all comes down to what the character chooses.

Unknown Role (None): Which is exactly why I'm here to help.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Alright. It appears he made the wrong choice in the end.

Unknown Role (None): Halt!

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? Wh—What's going on?

Unknown Role (None): Hand over whatever you're holding.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's just a book. I didn't buy anything else.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'm sure you wouldn't mind letting me have a look.

Unknown Role (None): Excuse me, officer. I don't mind you standing around here and not purchasing anything, but I'd prefer if you didn't disturb my customers. It's bad for business, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Don't give me that act. You won't be able to get off so easily, either.

Unknown Role (None): I am Chevreuse, Captain of Fontaine's Special Security and Surveillance Patrol. I will say this one last time — hand over whatever you're holding at once.

Unknown Role (None): And before you do anything unwise, let me remind you that I'll have you on the ground before you can even think about making a run for it.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Alright, alright, I'll give it to you!

Unknown Role (None): B—But, please let me say something first! If there's any contraband in that book, then the shopkeeper here is the one who slipped it in. I don't have anything to do with this!

Unknown Role (None): Why, you! Trying to leave me on the hook, huh? You were the one who said you wanted it...

Unknown Role (None): Save it for the interrogation room.

Unknown Role (None): Take them away, Letellier.

Unknown Role (None): What's going on here? One second you're reading a book, the next you're escorting people away!

Unknown Role (None): And who are... Oh? Aren't you the Traveler who's been all over the papers recently? Chiori, I'm assuming what you wanted to ask me about has to do with them, right?

Unknown Role (None): Eh, maybe I can let you in on what's happening then.

Unknown Role (None): Now that Vacher has been brought to justice, no new shipments of Sinthe will be made and distributed to sellers. The Fontaine Gardes have been busy collecting the remaining Sinthe still circulating on the market.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to a tip from our reliable source here, this should be the very last batch.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you were pretending to read a book in order to catch the bad guys...

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, Paimon almost forgot to introduce ourselves! Paimon is Paimon, and this is Traveler and Xavier.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, I'm Chevreuse. You probably already heard me introduce myself, so I won't bother repeating it.

Unknown Role (None): Why didn't you just arrest them immediately?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, why didn't you make a move as soon as you had the chance? Were you worried that my intel wasn't accurate?

Unknown Role (None): No, I wanted to see if the shopkeeper would turn himself in first.

Unknown Role (None): All he had to do was come up to me and say that he didn't know where the Sinthe had come from. If he did that, then I wouldn't have had to press charges on him.

Unknown Role (None): He had the whole day to turn the Sinthe over to Chevreuse. But instead, the moment I came up and blocked Chevreuse's line of sight, he took the opportunity to sell it off.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, he made the wrong choice, even though the right choice was right there in front of him.

Unknown Role (None): But you knew they wouldn't make the right choice.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I knew. I was just hoping I'd be wrong for once.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Enough about that, though. What did you want to ask me about?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you see, it's like this...

Unknown Role (None): You explain to Chevreuse your plans to make the film...

Unknown Role (None): "The Two Musketeers"... You certainly have a good eye for a story.

Unknown Role (None): So what do you need me to do? Just be the action choreographer for the actors?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that's right. I want to make sure we get all the details right... I want the actors' posture and understanding of firearms to be as realistic as possible.

Unknown Role (None): However, I'm afraid this work will require quite a bit of your time, since you'll have to be present whenever we are filming... Also, as for the pay...

Unknown Role (None): No need to say any more. I'll join.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Just like that!?

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? You're willing to help us with our humble film project?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, it's no big deal. As I said, we've wrapped up our investigation here, so I don't have any other tasks on my plate for the moment.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, I personally really like this novel. I even have the collector's edition at home. Stories where justice prevails over evil never get old for me.

Unknown Role (None): Then we've got a deal?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I'll see you on-set tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): Oh my... I can hardly believe it! I should tell Lady Furina immediately. Oh, and I must tell the prop manager and lighting technician to get everything ready. We start filming tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, Xavier. The film is going to take more than just a day to finish.

Unknown Role (None): Still, I should also head back now and start preparing the actors' costumes and make-up.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, guess that's it for today then.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, please stay for a moment. I have something to tell you.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll take Xavier back. Poor thing, he's so excited that he can't even walk straight anymore. I don't want to spend our first day fishing our producer out of the fountain.

Unknown Role (None): See you tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): Yep, see you tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): I think Xavier would probably be able to hold himself together.

Unknown Role (None): He'd better.