(Quest is part of chapter: Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival: Second Night As Though Beholding Illusions)

# As Though Beholding Illusions


## Talk 1

Paimon: Man, what happened last night? We couldn't find anyone to discuss it with because it was so late... Well, Miko and the others should be at the grounds by now, right? Let's go talk to them!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so where do we start... We need to ask questions to figure out if there's an imposter, but we can't arouse suspicion...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, looks like Sayu's team is already here. Well, guess we'll just... play it by ear.

## Talk 3

Ei: #Traveler... During the battle tomorrow, it is imperative you know your limits. If the enemy proves too much to handle... leave them to me.
Traveler: But—
Ei: I know... I understand your concerns, just as you know mine. We need not say any more than that. Just get some rest and prepare yourself for the battle to come.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Okay.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Get some rest, Ei.
Ei: ...
Ei: Ah, one more thing... Thank you.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Bake-danuki, those little terrors... C'mon, let's go after them!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Phew... Another day of hard work. Where did the time go...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? When did Ei get ahead of us? Let's catch up!

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Wait! We must be in the wrong spot! They probably didn't make it this far.

## Talk 7

Inoue: ...A—Almighty Shogun! Glory to your everlasting reign... I—I mean... Welcome, welcome!
Ei: This stall looks familiar. Yet, it would seem the ownership has changed hands...?
Inoue: Ah... You must be thinking of Tomoki. H—He... wasn't feeling well today, so I'm filling in... haha...
Ei: I see... Yet, you remind me of someone — a Doushin from the Tenryou Commission...
Inoue: Oh, uh...
Paimon: What are you looking at, Ei?
Ei: Hm, the food offerings. Although, this vendor seems...
Traveler: (The "vendor" is giving me a pleading look... Judging by his cooking skill, it almost seems like his first day on the job...)
Traveler: Ei... He's "working."
Ei: Working...? Ah.
Ei: ...I see. I appreciate your dedication, sir.
Inoue: O—Of course! It's an honor to serve such esteemed guests!
Ei: No need for formalities... I'll take three orders of Dango Milk.
Inoue: ...Right away!
Paimon: Three orders? So, Paimon gets one, too?
Ei: Yes, I wanted to thank you for accompanying me. Without you by my side, I imagine the people here would be on edge even now.
Ei: I have my reasons for being here, of course, but I would hate to tarnish the festive atmosphere.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: This festival is for everyone.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Including you.
Ei: Heh, indeed. The Mikawa Flower Festival... Hundreds of years have passed since I last partook in the festivities. Much is different this time — the people, the place, the games...
Ei: Yet, the name endures, and the joy of celebration along with it... I suppose that, in itself, is a form of Eternity.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Traveler, Paimon... and the Almighty Shogun?
Paimon: Oh, Mizuki! Looks like you got some much-needed rest!
Ei: Yumemizuki Mizuki... Thank you for your aid earlier.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course, I'm always willing to help. It's my duty... I wish I could have dispelled the nightmares, but this situation is uncharted territory for me.
Ei: Even so, relieving the pain of the nightmares is no small feat. You honor the legacy of the Yumekui-Baku.
Paimon: So, not even Mizuki could fix it... What's going on with this nightmare creature...?
Ei: ...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Let's save the difficult questions for later. Actually, I came here to ask you something.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Wanna come to Aisa Bathhouse with me? Most of the contestants will be there... Oh, and don't worry about payment — it's my treat!
Paimon: Really? Yes! Yes! Let's go!
Traveler: You want us to go to the hot springs... now?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Well, game development isn't easy. Most of the contestants are exhausted and could use a break.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: You've been under a lot of pressure yourselves, with the investigation and all. So, I thought you might like to join.
Paimon: #Of course we would! Right, Traveler?
Ei: ...I will remain here. I rarely have time away from Tenshukaku, and I would like to continue perusing the stalls.
Paimon: Aw... That's too bad...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Then, I'm not going, either...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Okay, I'll go...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Ah, I almost forgot! Miko wanted to talk to you, Traveler. I'll take you to her first.
Ei: Oh? Well why don't we all go—
Inoue: Almighty Shogun! Your Dango Milk is ready...
Paimon: Oooh... Delicious!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: No need, Shogun! Miko just had some quick things to go over with the judges, that's all — you and Paimon can wait here. We'll only be a minute!
Traveler: Be right back.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Alright, now we can talk freely.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Miko doesn't need to see me, does she...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: You needed to talk to me in private. Why?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I think something's off with the Shogun. You've been with her the whole day. Have you noticed anything?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: S—Something off? No...
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Up close, sometimes it's hard to see the whole picture... I think something is troubling her.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Yeah, she seems troubled...
        Yumemizuki Mizuki: Exactly! You noticed, too...
Traveler: (Something did seem off with Ei today... Maybe she's not used to leaving Tenshukaku? Or was it the reaction of the crowd...?)
Traveler: (No, we've been through so much. Something so trivial wouldn't shake her... She must be keeping something to herself...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I've witnessed a lot of cases where patients, for a variety of reasons, are unwilling or unable to seek help. Unfortunately, that only exacerbates the problem...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Until their emotions become so heavy, even the strongest of people collapse under the weight... I see those warning signs in the Shogun.
Traveler: So, even the archons aren't immune to emotional strain?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Humans, youkai, and archons bear the same capacity for emotion and are, naturally, susceptible to the same mental turmoil.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's very possible that someone who appears strong on the outside has learned to compartmentalize their negative emotions... And that is far from healthy.
Traveler: ...I understand.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Anyway, the quickest route to curing the mind is through the heart! That's where you come in, Traveler!
Traveler: As a clinical psychologist, isn't that where YOU come in?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Approaching someone in a professional capacity often makes them more guarded. But, don't worry! You'll still have my help!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Here, with these two special coupons, you can get into Aisa Bathhouse after closing. Then, this is what you're gonna do...
Paimon: Finally! You're back! Paimon's had two servings of Dango Milk already!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: #Sorry for the wait... It sounds like Traveler has other plans, Paimon. So, we'll have to head to the bathhouse on our own.
Paimon: Huh? You're not coming...?
Traveler: I'll explain later... Just have fun!
Paimon: Okay... Paimon will bring you back a Hot Spring Egg!
Ei: ...There is no need to stay behind on my behalf. If you leave now, I'm sure you can catch up.
Traveler: Something tells me YOU chose to stay behind on OUR behalf...
Ei: ...What makes you say that?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You want everyone to relax.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: You don't want people to be on edge because of you.
Ei: ...If my presence makes them nervous or impedes their ability to relax, does that not defeat the purpose of going to the hot springs?
Ei: I already disturbed their progress by coming to the festival. The last thing everyone needs is more distractions.
Traveler: ...But, aren't you under pressure, too?
Ei: As you know, this body is hardly that fragile. It can operate for another hundred years with no issue.
Traveler: ...You didn't deny it.
Ei: ...Hah. Mortals are weak in body and mind. If there is a choice of who to bear such a burden, naturally that person should be me.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: What if you didn't have to worry about bothering anyone...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Would you agree to go to the hot springs then?
Ei: What does it matter? The world is not so easily bent to one's will...
Traveler: I'll take that as a yes.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I have a pair of special coupons here...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: We can get into the bathhouse after closing.
Ei: #Heh, what clever verbal tricks, Traveler... It appears you've been spending too much time with Miko.
Traveler: It's an honest offer...
Ei: You think you can get away with manipulating the Shogun? I wouldn't be so sure...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: ...C'mon, let's go!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: You'll go, won't you?
Ei: *sigh* Persistent indeed... Very well. As you proposed, we shall set out at midnight.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, no reason to delay.

## Talk 9

Ei: Well, shall we head out?

## Talk 10

Ei: ...Steam replete with the scent of orchids. Water that turns the complexion a blushing pink... So, this is a hot spring.
Traveler: Is it your first time here?
Ei: Yes, there are Royal Hot Springs near Tenshukaku. But, the plans were set in motion only after Hiiragi Hiroshi introduced the Snezhnayan Blast Furnace to Inazuma, and that was five hundred years ago.
Ei: When the project was complete, I was already in the Plane of Euthymia... And, naturally, the body of the Shogun has no need for such luxuries.
Traveler: Hiiragi Hiroshi...
Ei: The members of the Kanjou Commission were once friends with Makoto and the Kitsune Saiguu. Although mere mortals, those who managed to survived back then were special individuals indeed.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: What happened back then?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Does it have anything to do with what's happening right now?
Ei: ...What makes you say that?
Traveler: The look on your face...
Ei: ...
Ei: ...Now I see why my officials claim that the hot springs facilitate conversation. Even I find myself divulging more than intended.
Ei: ...You're correct. Following the dark disaster five hundred years ago, a Nightmare engulfed Inazuma.
Ei: On a battlefield consumed in darkness, our soldiers fought against dark forces, creatures capable of possessing people and trapping them in nightmares. Even the Yumekui-Baku could do nothing to wake them.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: As awful as that sounds...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: It doesn't seem bad enough to make you this upset.
Ei: ...Perhaps not. The battle was intense. Those who stood up in defense of this land knew the chance of survival was slim. In the face of certain death, surely a nightmare is nothing to fear...
Ei: But, what if I told you this... If the person trapped in the nightmare was strong enough to overcome incapacitation, it would become a waking nightmare instead.
Ei: The person would lose all capacity to distinguish dream from reality, perceiving everything in the real world as a continuation of the war.
Ei: And every precious thing in life as an enemy to be annihilated... That is a far more painful nightmare, both for the person in question and those around them.
Traveler: (...If I hadn't broken out of the nightmare yesterday, would that have happened to me? Then, Ei must be so worried because...)
Traveler: Did that happen to someone... back then?
Ei: ...Yes.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: And...?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What happened...?
Ei: I... unleashed Musou no Hitotachi and struck her down.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: ...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...I'm sorry.
Ei: No need. I have no regrets. I know it was the right decision, both for Inazuma's sake and her own.
Ei: If necessary, I would do it again.
Traveler: Ei...
Ei: ...Well, it's about time you two showed yourselves, yes? You've listened in long enough.
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): ...Oh.
Yae Miko (???): Heh.
Traveler: Oh? It's you two.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Before you say anything, this part wasn't me.
Yae Miko: Well, since the cat's out of the bag...
Yae Miko: How about a hot spring tea party?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hey!
Yae Miko: Ahhh... Nice and warm. No wonder the hot springs relaxed your inhibitions, Ei...
Ei: ...So, who came up with this idea? I want the truth.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: I guess... both of us?
Yae Miko: Well, I happened to consult a certain clinical psychologist about how to get an old friend to open up...
Yae Miko: In her expert opinion, doing something new with a trusted companion in a new environment can make someone less guarded... Looks like it worked like a charm.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I understand the reasoning...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: But, why not do it yourself?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: It's one thing to trust that Miko has good intentions, but would you let your guard down around her?
Traveler: ...Good point.
Yae Miko: Hehe...
Ei: ...Your concern is misplaced. I kept these matters to myself because I was unsure whether this incident is connected to the past, and I did not want to interfere with the investigation.
Ei: If the investigation reached an impasse or new clues pointed to the Nightmare from back then... Naturally, I would have discussed this intel with you.
Yae Miko: Intel, huh... It appears you still don't understand why I wanted you to open up in the first place.
Ei: ...Hm?
Rie (???): Help! Help me!
Traveler: What was that!?
Traveler: (Then, Ei must be so worried because...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Sounds like it came from outside. Let's check it out!

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no... Someone's unconscious!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Ugh...

Unknown Role (None): Is it the Nightmare!?

Unknown Role (None): It seems different in some respects... Step back and allow me to examine her.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... Ah!

Unknown Role (None): ...She's awake?

Unknown Role (None): What's going on... Ah! A—Almighty Shogun!

Unknown Role (None): What happened just now? What frightened you?

Unknown Role (None): Sh—Shogun... I... I...

Unknown Role (None): It's alright. With the Shogun here, nothing can hurt you. Just take a deep breath and tell us what happened.

Unknown Role (None): Phew... I almost fainted again just now...

Unknown Role (None): Is that what happened earlier? You fainted?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... I was on my way to Uyuu Restaurant, and as I was crossing the bridge, I saw someone staring at me from behind a tree!

Unknown Role (None): It was hard to make out their appearance in the dark, but I had a bad feeling... So, I tried to get a closer look in the moonlight...

Unknown Role (None): And, it was... It was me!

Unknown Role (None): In that moment, I thought about how people who see their doppelganger usually end up dead, and I fainted from the shock... I don't remember anything after that...

Unknown Role (None): A doppelganger? In Inazuma City? But, we only detected traces of the Nightmare around Mt. Yougou...

Unknown Role (None): I heard that people encountered doppelgangers on Mt. Yougou, too! C—Could it be the work of some terrible youkai?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about that...

Unknown Role (None): The strongest youkai in Inazuma are all right here.

Unknown Role (None): Now that we have an understanding of the situation, why don't I take you to the Police Station to file a report?

Unknown Role (None): O—Okay...

Unknown Role (None): ...The situation is getting worse. If the doppelganger is limited to the festival grounds, that's one thing... But, appearing on a random street in Inazuma City...

Unknown Role (None): Hm... On the bright side, the victim seems okay this time...

Unknown Role (None): B—Bad news, Shogun!

Unknown Role (None): Hm? A Tenryou Commission official... What's wrong?

Unknown Role (None): A—Another victim... at the... the festival... Kappa... Kappa is... trapped in a nightmare!

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): But... Sara and the others were keeping watch!

Unknown Role (None): Make haste! Back to Mt. Yougou at once!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): ...Kappa! Kappa!

Unknown Role (None): Excuse me, let me take a look!

Unknown Role (None): #Mizuki? Traveler? Finally, you're back!

Unknown Role (None): Shogun! ...The fault is mine. The Tenryou Commission failed to protect those under our charge...

Unknown Role (None): Now is not the time to cast blame. Did anyone witness the attack?

Unknown Role (None): ...No, we have failed you. There is no trace of the enemy...

Unknown Role (None): We split up for just a second, and the next thing we knew, he was on the ground!

Unknown Role (None): *whimper*... It... It must be some terrible youkai...

Unknown Role (None): Other than the bake-danuki transformation, there was no trace of youkai power at the scene... It's almost like the culprit's methods are getting more sophisticated.

Unknown Role (None): The doppelganger in Inazuma City...

Unknown Role (None): Also seemed to appear without warning...

Unknown Role (None): Wait... there was a doppelganger in Inazuma City?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, seems like it...

Unknown Role (None): Doppelgangers... Nightmares... Inazuma City... Mt. Yougou...

Unknown Role (None): How is he, Mizuki?

Unknown Role (None): It's strange... I can't perceive his nightmare. It's almost like... he's not there at all.

Unknown Role (None): Th—The youkai... It must be getting stronger!

Unknown Role (None): Kappa... *whimper*... Please don't die...

Unknown Role (None): ...It's my fault! I should have anticipated the culprit might resort to more sophisticated methods...

Unknown Role (None): No, it was I who underestimated the enemy... I who allowed us to continue the festival despite the potential dangers.

Unknown Role (None): Sara, what is the status of the other contestants and staff?

Unknown Role (None): ...All normal. I asked the Yashiro Commission to move them to a secure location just to be safe.

Unknown Role (None): Good... By decree of the Shogun, I declare that the Mikawa Flower Festival is—

Unknown Role (None): Wait...

Unknown Role (None): What is it, Miko?

Unknown Role (None): You're being too hasty, Ei. I understand your concern for the people, but I urge you to think this through, or we risk playing into the enemy's hand.

Unknown Role (None): Considering your history with Nightmares, you have better cause than anyone to exercise caution... But, do you truly believe what we're facing now... is just a Nightmare?

Unknown Role (None): ...Explain.

Unknown Role (None): Call it intuition... If you want the truth, perhaps Doushin Shikanoin could shed some light. I believe there's been a break in the case.

Unknown Role (None): ...You flatter me, Lady Guuji. I do have a few ideas...

Unknown Role (None): Up to this point, we've only detected traces of the nightmare creature around Mt. Yougou... And, now, a doppelganger appears in Inazuma City.

Unknown Role (None): Our original thought was that the culprit infiltrated the venue to evade capture... If so, there would be no reason for them to risk exposure by continuing to change form.

Unknown Role (None): Rather than concluding that the nightmare creature, on top of everything, now has the ability to disappear without a trace, I think there's a different possibility...

## Talk 13

Thoma: Oh, you didn't go to the hot springs?
Traveler: You didn't either?
Thoma: Ah, well... A whole crowd of people have left already. I'll go a bit later with Shousei and a few others.
Thoma: Besides, we're a bit behind with our game. We need to catch up.
Traveler: But, your team is the biggest...
Thoma: Haha, I guess it's my fault for going overboard with the ideas. Kozou and the others can barely keep up.
Thoma: Sometimes delegating work is harder than doing it yourself... I wonder if this is how he feels, being the head of the clan.
Traveler: Well, don't work too hard...
Thoma: Of course! Right back at you!

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): (Looks like everyone's busy trying to finish their game... I should come back later.)

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Great youkai really wasn't forced to work all night?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. It was my choice.

Unknown Role (None): Why does great youkai have to work?

Unknown Role (None): ...I suppose it's just the price of becoming a great youkai.

Unknown Role (None): Great youkai, Ginkaku is sad for you...

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Well, Ioroi, as I see it, you've been punished long enough. It's about time you were released...

Unknown Role (None): R—R—Released!? I can do that myself any time I want! This statue keeps me warm in the winter and cool in the summer. Don't interfere!

Unknown Role (None): Ioroi is the best!

Unknown Role (None): Ioroi is the best!

Unknown Role (None): Ioroi is the best!

Unknown Role (None): ...Besides, the seal's power is almost gone... What I really want is for you to help me give that sneaky kitsune a piece of my mind!

Unknown Role (None): ...Ioroi, she's already—

Unknown Role (None): Not so fast! I won't be fooled by your tricks again! Whatever you were about to say, she can tell me herself, instead of sending some young kitsune to hoodwink me!

## Talk 17

Shikanoin Heizou: That's right, the entities appeared at the same time and place. That's why the Tenryou Commission conflated the two at first.
Shikanoin Heizou: But, if we ignore the nightmare creature and look at the doppelganger incident in isolation... the culprit's motive is clear.

## Talk 18

Shikanoin Heizou: That's right! Because of the folk tale about doppelgangers, the culprit was able to incite panic without attacking anyone at all...
Shikanoin Heizou: But, after the Tenryou commission secured the venue, the culprit appeared in Inazuma City so that the panic would spread.
Kujou Sara: But, what is the end goal? Panic doesn't seem like enough of a motive...
Shikanoin Heizou: You're right, panic is a means to an end. But, I think the shift to Inazuma City proves something... Whatever their goal, terrorizing one location wasn't enough...
Shikanoin Heizou: And, since Inazuma City is their new target, the person they're impersonating at the festival... should be absent...
Shikanoin Heizou: Unless... the culprit found a way to cover their tracks and incite more panic...
Shikanoin Heizou: ...By leaving behind a "stand-in."
Youko (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): Ahh—!
Hitotsume Kozou (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): Ahh—!
Paimon: K—Kappa is... Kappa is made of wood!?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: No wonder I couldn't sense the nightmare!
Ei: I see... So, the doppelganger infiltrated the festival as Kappa and is currently hiding in Inazuma City... Is that correct?
Shikanoin Heizou: ...Not just that. Replacing one person wasn't enough... If multiple people are replaced at once, they can cover for each other.
Thoma: ...We didn't get to see each other much during the Test of Courage...
Paimon: Kozou and his two friends were together the whole time, too. They would have noticed if someone was acting weird.
Shikanoin Heizou: This kind of transformation is said to have a particular weakness... If the subject is frightened, the disguise starts to crumble. Isn't that right, "Youko" and "Hitotsume Kozou"?
Youko (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): !
Hitotsume Kozou (Youko & Hitotsume Kozou): !
Paimon: ...I—It's a bake-danuki tail!
Tetsunosuke (???): Kinkaku! Ginkaku! Run!
Kinkaku (Kinkaku & Ginkaku): ...T—Tetsunosuke!
Ginkaku (Kinkaku & Ginkaku): ...T—Tetsunosuke!
Paimon: *coughing*... Th—They're getting away!
Ginkaku: Aren't you supposed to be in Inazuma City?
Tetsunosuke: ...And leave you two by yourselves? That's not the Tanuki way!
Kinkaku: ...No fighting! Let's go!

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): You quietly follow the man out of the festival grounds...

Unknown Role (None): He's constantly looking back... Paimon's calling it now! Something fishy is going on!

Unknown Role (None): Don't jump to conclusions. Let's keep watching.

Unknown Role (None): Good point! He could be on his way to meet someone! Let the hunter become the hunted!

Unknown Role (None): ...Reporting back, Ma'am. Nothing suspicious to note at the Bunshin Phantasm booth. It's possible there's no connection to the incident from last night.

Unknown Role (None): I see... Did you find any other clues?

Unknown Role (None): Sara!?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, good morning, you two.

Unknown Role (None): Heizou!? What's going on here?

Unknown Role (None): I was wondering who was daring enough to sneak up on one of our detectives. Maybe I should have expected it to be you.

Unknown Role (None): I guess that makes us "the hunted."

Unknown Role (None): So, the Tenryou Commission's on the case.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): F—Forgive me, ma'am! I have failed as a detective... I... I did not realize someone was on my tail...

Unknown Role (None): #...Considering Traveler's skill, the fault is not with you.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... So, what's going on? What are you investigating? It must be serious if Heizou's involved...

Unknown Role (None): Well, about that... hehe...

Unknown Role (None): ...Unfortunately... My orders prevent me from sharing that information with you.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What orders? You really can't tell us anything?

Unknown Role (None): (If Sara and Heizou are so hesitant to divulge information... There's only one person who could be responsible.)

Unknown Role (None): Those orders come from the Shogun, don't they...

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): #An astute observation, Traveler... Tell him the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Sh—Shogun...!

Unknown Role (None): What!? The Shogun is here?

Unknown Role (None): No... I believe this is Ei.

Unknown Role (None): ...You recognized me with a single glance?

Unknown Role (None): Shogun, we still haven't completed the investigation...

Unknown Role (None): #It matters not. I am certain the person standing before us is our friend, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): #His gaze, his presence, his mastery of several types of Elemental Energy... There is no mistake. And, we need his help.

Unknown Role (None): ...Understood. An investigation team was sent to survey a piece of land. Yesterday, the Tenryou Commission received a report that the team was found unconscious in the field.

Unknown Role (None): ...Not only that, but the group appeared to have become trapped in an endless nightmare, unable to wake up.

Unknown Role (None): N—No, please!

Unknown Role (None): Stay away!

Unknown Role (None): We detected intermittent traces of youkai power where they were found. We followed the traces and ended up here, just outside the festival grounds.

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What!?

Unknown Role (None): Should we call off the festival?

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, it's not that simple. You've heard the rumors about the doppelgangers, yes?

Unknown Role (None): We suspect the culprit has the ability to change form, allowing them to spread misinformation at will. They may have already infiltrated the festival grounds.

Unknown Role (None): If we call off the festival, we may give them a chance to escape amid the chaos...

Unknown Role (None): Even the slightest movement could alert them. Locking down the festival grounds could provoke them to attack, which would endanger the public.

Unknown Role (None): You're right... That's a big risk...

Unknown Role (None): The purpose of festival is to bring humans and youkai together. We cannot allow the culprit to endanger anyone.

Unknown Role (None): But, what if they attack again?

Unknown Role (None): A very valid concern. Last night, we dispatched a group of soldiers to the festival grounds. They'll remain undercover to keep an eye on things.

Unknown Role (None): We also blocked off several nearby roads under the pretext of construction, so we can keep civilians away as much as possible.

Unknown Role (None): ...Even the Almighty Shogun has taken it upon herself to patrol the area all night.

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, no one else has been harmed.

Unknown Role (None): ...Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! So the thunder we heard was you!

Unknown Role (None): ...I apologize for our failings, Shogun. You should not have had to intervene.

Unknown Role (None): On the contrary, it was my decision. I was unable to capture the culprit last night, so I left to discuss a plan with Miko. I did not show myself once I saw you were safe, and for that, I apologize.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, speaking of Miko... Where is she?

Unknown Role (None): ...She is investigating the trace of youkai power found at the scene. Though it fades in and out, it never strays from Mt. Yougou.

Unknown Role (None): Which means... if the culprit infiltrated the festival grounds, they must still be nearby.

Unknown Role (None): The only people close to the grounds last night were the staff and the contestants staying at the shrine.

Unknown Role (None): Miko is working with the Kamisato siblings to verify the identities of the staff members. They should be done soon.

Unknown Role (None): As for the contestants... That inquiry must be performed by someone else.

Unknown Role (None): ...Is that why you need my help?

Unknown Role (None): ...The Tenryou Commission is too conspicuous. But as the judge of the competition, you can ask questions without arousing suspicion.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so you need us to talk to the teams and see if there's an imposter among us...

Unknown Role (None): #Precisely. Traveler, I understand these people are your friends, and it puts you in a difficult position...

Unknown Role (None): But, if one of them has indeed been displaced by a youkai, they could be in grave danger...

Unknown Role (None): ...I understand. I'll do my best.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I truly hope the situation is not as grave as it seems.

Unknown Role (None): What are you guys gonna do next? Continue to investigate from a distance?

Unknown Role (None): Well, there's only so much we can learn that way, so I think we need to find a way to slip onto the grounds. It's better for us to be at the scene if something goes wrong.

Unknown Role (None): I fear the Shogun is far too revered a figure for that. If she arrives at the grounds, it will certainly cause a stir.

Unknown Role (None): Worry not. Miko and I discussed that issue. She claims to have a plan. The preparations are underway as we speak.

Unknown Role (None): One of her genius plans, huh...

Unknown Role (None): Somehow, "scheme" seems more accurate...

Unknown Role (None): ...Indeed. If you learn any details of said plan, I would like to know what I'm getting myself into.

## Talk 20

Traveler: (Looks like everyone's busy trying to finish their game... I should come back later.)

## Talk 21

Tetsunosuke: We... We're almost rid of them...
Kujou Sara: ...That's enough! I will not fail the Shogun again because of you!
Ginkaku: EH!!! A tengu!
Kinkaku: Tengu was flying... Tengu is a cheater!
Kujou Sara: Surrender now, and I will spare your life.
Tetsunosuke: Tengu... Why are you helping the humans! Tengu is a youkai!
Kujou Sara: *scoff*... My loyalty is to the Shogun. Humans and youkai are no different in my eyes.
Ginkaku: Shogun... That's the leader of the humans!
Kinkaku: ...Shogun sent people to steal our land... Shogun is bad!
Kujou Sara: Nonsense! The Shogun would never give such an order!
Ei: Calm yourself, Sara. Let's hear them out.
Tetsunosuke: Shogun... sent humans to steal our home...
Kinkaku: And the Mikawa Flower Festival! Shogun is making youkai serve the humans...!
Paimon: Serve the humans? He's not talking about the game development, is he...?
Ginkaku: *whimper*... Shogun even forced great baku youkai to work all night...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh... you mean yesterday? That was my choice, actually...
Paimon: Geez, where are these ideas coming from?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I think there are some misunderstandings...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Kichiboushi and the others weren't forced into anything...
Ginkaku: S—Stay back!
Kinkaku: Humans want to enslave us again!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hold on, something's not right! We should try a different approach...
Ei: No need... I know what's wrong. They're trapped in a nightmare.
Tetsunosuke: What are you doing...!? Trying to put Tetsunosuke to work!?
Ginkaku: G—Ginkaku... doesn't wanna stay up all night... *whimper*...
Ei: Servitude, enslavement... These might sound like ridiculous misunderstandings to us. But, that is their reality right now.
Ei: ...A world of despair and fear, where enemies lurk at every turn... devoid of even a single shred of light.
Paimon: So, they're... sleepwalking? How do we wake them up?
Yae Miko: ...If we knew how, we would have done so back then.
Kinkaku: G—Give us your worst! Kinkaku will never leave the Tanuki path! Kinkaku... Kinkaku will die before serving you!
Traveler: ...I may have a solution.
Ei: ...Truly?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If the nightmares come from the Abyss...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: There's something I can try...
Ginkaku: Wh—What are you doing...!? No... Don't!
Tetsunosuke: ...The humans are everywhere. We can't hide forever...
Kinkaku: How long have we been hiding? One hundred years? Five hundred years?
Ginkaku: No idea... If Ioroi was still around, he would remember...
Kinkaku: Quiet! Someone's coming!
Kaga: ...This is a fine piece of land! The grain yield should be exceptional.
Kiritani: Remember to check for traces of youkai in the surrounding area. By order of the Shogun...
Kiritani: ...By order of the Shogun, we are to exterminate all youkai that cross our path!
Mizukawa: Hah, why so hasty? We should leave some alive. We can make them work their own land, haha!
Kaga: Hey, you know about the Mikawa Flower Festival, right? I heard fifty percent of the profit is going to the development fund!
Mizukawa: Oh, yeah! The festival for humans and...
Mizukawa: ...The festival for humans and humans alone! Heh, the youkai have had their fun. It's our turn, now!
Kaga: That's right! We should put them to work! They're known for their transformations, right? Heh, then the little monkeys can dance for us until they die, haha...
Tetsunosuke: N—No... How could they do that...
Ginkaku: Quiet! O—Or they'll catch us...
Kiritani: Hahahahaha!
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Heh...
Kaga: What... What is that!? Argh!
Hitotsume Kozou: Hey... Are you alright? Youko! Kappa! I need help over here!
Kappa: Hold on, we're coming... Arghhh!
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Heh...
Ginkaku: The youkai... and the humans... are unconscious?
Kinkaku: The same thing happened... to all of them?
Hitotsume Kozou: ...The Mikawa Flower Festival...
Tetsunosuke: This youkai... can speak!
Youko: No... If we don't make it to the Mikawa Flower Festival... Boss Thoma will be so upset...
Youko: ...Boss Thoma... will eat us...
Tetsunosuke: EEEK!!!
Ginkaku: The humans are coming for us... We're gonna lose our home... Wh—What do we do?
Kinkaku: W—We infiltrate the Mikawa Flower Festival! We scare the humans away... Then, they won't come!
Tetsunosuke: But, how do we get into the festival...?
Kappa: Boss Thoma... is the best...
Kinkaku: How about... we turn into those three youkai...
Traveler: (These memories... They belong to the bake-danuki...?)
Paimon: #Traveler! Traveler!
Ei: #...Are you alright, Traveler?
Traveler: ...I'm fine.
Tetsunosuke: Uh... Wh—Where are we...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Huh? The nightmare is gone! You... purified it?
Traveler: Just my way of dealing with the Abyss.
Ginkaku: Eek! H—Humans! And a bunch of youkai!
Kinkaku: The Mikawa Flower Festival! The humans are gonna... They're gonna... What were they gonna do?
Shikanoin Heizou: Looks like they're confused... They still seem wary of humans...
Traveler: That might have something to do with a long time in hiding...
Shikanoin Heizou: ...Hiding?
Black Screen Text: You describe the memories to the group...
Paimon: Oh... That explains all the "Boss Thoma" this, and "Boss Thoma" that. That was the only thing they could imitate...
Paimon: Wait a second, Hitotsume Kozou and the others should be Akitsu Yuugei experts. But, this time, Thoma did all the work! Paimon can't believe we missed something so suspicious!
Traveler: You're like Heizou, if his skills only worked in hindsight...
Paimon: Oh, you're saying Paimon's deductive reasoning is Heizou level!
Shikanoin Heizou: Heh, more or less.
Yae Miko: #Based on your description, Traveler, it's possible these bake-danuki have been in hiding for five hundred years... Sounds like they know Ioroi, too. Why don't we ask him? He's not far.
Ei: The Protector of the Grove... It's been five hundred years since our last meeting. Sara, Heizou, return to the festival to keep watch.
Ei: The Doppelganger incident has been resolved, but the threat of the Nightmare remains. I will handle the meeting with Ioroi myself.
Shikanoin Heizou (Shikanoin Heizou & Kujou Sara): Yes, Shogun!
Kujou Sara (Shikanoin Heizou & Kujou Sara): Yes, Shogun!

## Talk 22

Traveler: Not yet...
Ei: Not a problem. I'll wait here.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Kinkaku, Ginkaku, Tetsunosuke... Not all humans are bad. Yellow Fur over there helped me a great deal, you know...

Unknown Role (None): Besides, the bake-danuki were only sealed away back then because Ioroi stole that comb...

Unknown Role (None): Ioroi... is a thief? Ioroi... got what he deserved?

Unknown Role (None): ...H—H—How was I to know it was used to make Sacred Sakura Daifuku? I gave it back, didn't I!?

Unknown Role (None): So, the humans were mean for no reason?

Unknown Role (None): Well... if you must know, the young human and I fought... I was, perhaps, a tad careless, so I... conceded the match! Anyway, the point is... Neither side is bad!

Unknown Role (None): There he goes again, changing the subject when it makes him look bad...

Unknown Role (None): Now you know... No human is trying to harm you.

Unknown Role (None): So... it was all a nightmare...

Unknown Role (None): Five hundred years in hiding... for nothing...

Unknown Role (None): ...Eh, it was a five-hundred-year-long game of Hide-and-Seek. What's so bad about that? Besides, you won.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? We won? ...Go us! We're even better than Ioroi!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! My game of Hide-and-Seek isn't over yet!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, the mind of a bake-danuki is something else... Still so cheerful, even after all that...

Unknown Role (None): That nature is what isolated them from the worst effects of the nightmare and prevented them from causing any real harm.

Unknown Role (None): But, a nightmare that's still affecting people after all this time? Who could it belong to? Hm, a horn buried under Mt. Yougou...

Unknown Role (None): I feel like I've heard a legend about that...

Unknown Role (None): ...Tainted by darkness, the oni warrior raised her sword against the Almighty Shogun. Losing an arm and a horn to the Shogun's blade, she fled into the forest, never to be seen again.

Unknown Role (None): ...A trusted lieutenant fighting against the forces of darkness, she was once devoured whole by a beast from beyond this world, with the body of a tiger and the tail of a serpent, until she tore the creature apart from within...

Unknown Role (None): Thus, she earned the name, "Chiyo the Tiger-Bite"... Or, "Torachiyo."

Unknown Role (None): I don't think... Chiyo would like that name.

Unknown Role (None): Though she escaped the belly of the beast alive... That battle never left her.

Unknown Role (None): She saw the memories of her fallen comrades everywhere, slaughtered one after another, until she could no longer distinguish dream from reality...

Unknown Role (None): (A nightmare doesn't incapacitate someone with sufficient strength... It turns into something even worse...)

Unknown Role (None): ...The nightmare twisted every joy in her life — her subordinates, family, and friends — into enemies in need of destruction.

Unknown Role (None): It was in that state, trapped in the battlefield of her mind, that she raised her sword against me on Mt. Yougou.

Unknown Role (None): With the Musou no Hitotachi, I cut off her arm, one of her horns, and a portion of the mountain itself... I suspect that is when the horn in question was buried there.

Unknown Role (None): And, subsequently, uncovered by three bake-danuki... That means the fragment on the horn... comes from Chiyo's nightmare.

Unknown Role (None): #Nightmares feed on fear and anxiety. If what Traveler saw is true...

Unknown Role (None): It's possible Kinkaku and the others' fear over the past five hundred years allowed the fragment to gain physical form and become something akin to a jibakurei.

Unknown Role (None): Jibakurei?

Unknown Role (None): An earthbound spirit. They move through the Ley Lines, but are also bound by them. That's why the traces of this entity appeared intermittently, and never outside of Mt. Yougou.

Unknown Role (None): It would seem the fragment of this Nightmare is no different from the one back then... It hates all joy and every good thing in this world.

Unknown Role (None): The Investigation Team working for a better future? Attacked... Hitotsume Kozou and his friends, kind enough to lend a helping hand? Attacked...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and we were attacked, too! Right when we were having fun with the play-testing...

Unknown Role (None): So, why hasn't it appeared since?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps it needs to regain strength after your defeat... Or, perhaps it is biding its time because it knows, with whatever rationality remains, that it cannot defeat you...

Unknown Role (None): ...But, sooner or later, its twisted hatred will force it out of hiding, and it will move to strike its "enemies."

Unknown Role (None): When Chiyo set her sights on a target... She never was one to waver.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...But, both possibilities prove something... Nightmare Fragments can be defeated.

Unknown Role (None): And an enemy that can be killed... is one that can be split in two by the power of Musou Isshin.

Unknown Role (None): ...There's really no other way?

Unknown Role (None): Mikoshi Chiyo is gone. A fragment of a Nightmare tied to a severed horn... That is all that remains. The living must take precedent over the memory of the dead.

Unknown Role (None): (Even so, having to unleash Musou Isshin against her again? Would Ei really be okay?)

Unknown Role (None): (Mizuki said Archons suffer from the same turmoil as the rest of us... The dead may be gone, but that doesn't mean our emotions die with them...)

Unknown Role (None): ...Who cares about the dead, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): I'm just trying to look out for the living.

Unknown Role (None): ...! What is that supposed to mean, Miko?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I'm just concerned about our poor bake-danuki friends...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What does this have to do with us?

Unknown Role (None): The Nightmare Fragment has been tied to the bake-danuki for nearly five hundred years. Strike it down, and who's to say whether you take the lives of our poor friends along with it.

Unknown Role (None): EEEK!?

Unknown Role (None): I... I beseech you, Almighty Shogun! S—Spare the young ones! It was just a momentary... Or, uh, no... a five-hundred-year long lapse in judgement...

Unknown Role (None): Miko... You speak the truth?

Unknown Role (None): #If you don't believe me, ask Mizuki and Traveler. I'm sure they've encountered similar cases during their extensive travels...

Unknown Role (None): Well, I... Oh!

Unknown Role (None): ...Yes! During my studies, both in Liyue and Natlan!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! I've definitely seen that happen before!

Unknown Role (None): Then... What would you propose? This Nightmare Fragment is a constant threat to Inazuma. Should all other options fail... I will take action.

Unknown Role (None): ...If the Fragment's hatred toward the world comes from a Nightmare, then the most logical option... is to get rid of the Nightmare itself...

Unknown Role (None): Right! Can't you just eat the Nightmare, Mizuki?

Unknown Role (None): ...The Yumekui-Baku already tried that five hundred years ago. Even yesterday, when faced with the corruption of the Nightmare, Mizuki could only mitigate the effects.

Unknown Role (None): What was impossible back then... is not necessarily impossible now. I think Mizuki has the right idea. If we cannot eradicate the nightmares directly...

Unknown Role (None): Why not use this entity's tricks against it? Combat illusions with illusions. Combat nightmares... with dreams.

Unknown Role (None): Is that even possible?

Unknown Role (None): Don't forget — there are youkai that specialize in shapeshifting and illusions, and they happen to be right in front of us.

Unknown Role (None): Wh—Where? Kinkaku doesn't see them anywhere!

Unknown Role (None): Maybe they're hiding as trees? Or the wind?

Unknown Role (None): Fools! The kitsune is clearly referring to the bake-danuki! Tetsunosuke, Kinkaku, must you be so dense!?

Unknown Role (None): Given their centuries-long connection to the Nightmare Fragment, they are perfectly positioned to create a dreamscape that the entity will be unable to distinguish from the real world.

Unknown Role (None): ...Back then, the Nightmare had little to no weaknesses... If we want to give the bake-danuki an opportunity to strike, I assume you have a plan, Miko?

Unknown Role (None): You said it yourself — Mikoshi Chiyo is gone. All that remains is a fragment of her nightmare, already broken and vulnerable.

Unknown Role (None): Besides... Mizuki is an old friend, one that is not to be underestimated. She has traveled the land studying dreams and is far more capable than those old fossils back then.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Um...

Unknown Role (None): ...Not gonna say anything?

Unknown Role (None): She just... usually doesn't compliment me to my face... But, Miko's right. If we work together, I'm confident we can put together a ritual to subdue the Nightmare Fragment.

Unknown Role (None): Once we perform the ritual, it will take some time for the barrier to take effect. Luckily for us, we have two formidable warriors on our side...

Unknown Role (None): ...Our festival representative, who also happens to have extensive experience against dark forces, and the Almighty Shogun, unmatched in combat... I'm sure the two of you can buy us some time?

Unknown Role (None): There's just one problem... Since this entity can pass through the Ley Lines, its movements are unpredictable. If we're going to create a barrier, how can we be sure it appears where we want?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, the solution to that... is obvious. If the Nightmare Fragment despises all sources of joy and happiness...

Unknown Role (None): Then, naturally, a joyous occasion would be an evil beyond measure — an enemy that must be annihilated at all costs...

Unknown Role (None): So, if we want to lure it out...

Unknown Role (None): We need a source of joy.

Unknown Role (None): Then, the obvious target would be...

Unknown Role (None): ...The Mikawa Flower Festival!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, what joy could possibly compare to finishing one's work right before the deadline?

Unknown Role (None): ...I would imagine we can all think of a few. But, I agree — the Mikawa Flower Festival is the most plausible target.

Unknown Role (None): Once the enemy appears, I will pull them into the Plane of Euthymia immediately... I will not put the people in danger.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, I ask that you join me there so we can subdue the enemy together.

Unknown Role (None): Of course.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I will update everyone back at the festival and start the preparations for the ritual... I'll need your help, Mizuki. It's going to be a busy night.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like another all-nighter for me.

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, this was your idea. Oh, and don't forget — you need to finish "A Little Fox's Daydream" as well.

Unknown Role (None): ...And, in a surprising twist, you were my nightmare all along!

## Talk 24

Paimon: Ioroi! We're back!
Ioroi: *snore*... Keep it down... Bringing all these people at this hour... Don't you know even statues... need to... sleep...
Ioroi: Sh—Shogun! I bow before thee... No, wait... Shoot! I'm still a statue... What should I—
Ei: All is well, Ioroi, Hidden Protector of the Grove.
Traveler: I've never seen Ioroi so afraid...
Yae Miko: Ah, that would be because, when Ioroi tried to pluck a Naku Weed from the imperial garden, Ei nearly split him in two... Yashiori Island style...
Ioroi: ...Keep it to yourself, you meddlesome kitsune!
Ei: ...Ioroi, I wish to ask you something.
Ioroi: ...Anything, Shogun! Absolutely anything! It is my honor to answer!
Paimon: Heh, suck-up...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Phew... You could have at least slowed down a little... It took forever to convince them to come with me...
Tetsunosuke: Ah! It's Ioroi!
Kinkaku: ...The humans really did kill you!
Ginkaku: ...Your body is stone!
Ioroi: Huh!? I am not dead!
Ginkaku: Not... dead? The kitsune spoke the truth?
Tetsunosuke: This smell... is Ioroi! Ioroi is alive?
Kinkaku: Ioroi! The humans really did seal you away!
Ioroi: Wait, this must be... Kinkaku... Ginkaku.... and Tetsunosuke? You weren't sealed away?
Tetsunosuke: Hmph... When the human, Kamuna Harunosuke, came to hurt us...
Ginkaku: We ran and hid... The human searched and searched... So many friends couldn't move. Our youkai powers were getting weaker...
Kinkaku: So, we decided to escape the human just as the great bake-danuki Tsukumo taught us — by digging a hole in the ground!
Tetsunosuke: That's when we uncovered a horn filled with youkai power! It was the will of the great bake-danuki Giichiro made manifest!
Kinkaku: It restored our power! And we made the human go thump thump, clang clang, slash slash!
Ioroi: Ooh! And by thump thump, clang clang, slash slash, you mean...
Kinkaku: ...We tricked him and ran!
Ioroi: ...So, you didn't actually beat him up at all...
Ginkaku: We've been using the horn to hide ever since... But, there are too many humans... It's getting harder to hide...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A horn full of youkai power... Could that be the source of the nightmares? The reason the bake-danuki are so afraid of humans?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: If the horn contained the fragment of a nightmare, using its power to hide would spread the nightmare to them. That means, the bake-danuki have been trapped in this state of anxiety... for five hundred years...
Ioroi: Hah, I could have told you nothing good would come from that horn... Using external power is against the Tanuki path!
Kinkaku: Eek! We... strayed from the path?
Ginkaku: But... the horn helped us hide from the humans! The humans tried to take our land...
Ei: ...On the contrary, the purpose of the investigation was to determine in advance if youkai were present on the land in question.
Ei: Whether we avoid encroaching on youkai territory altogether or attempt to reach a mutually beneficial agreement, a peaceful resolution was always the goal.
Tetsunosuke: Oh... really?
Ginkaku: Wait... that IS what the human said back then, isn't it...
Kiritani: ...By order of the shogun, if youkai live here, we need to discuss the proposal...

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Shikanoin Heizou: Interesting... The culprit's motive and method all seem rather self-contradictory. But, when did we first notice the dissonance...

### Additional Talk 2

Kujou Sara: It's rare to see the Almighty Shogun in such a good mood... Hmph, I will not let some wretched miscreant undermine the festival.

### Additional Talk 3

Traveler: An enemy that has two different abilities and can suddenly appear and disappear without a trace... It seems too random, like a novel from Yae Publishing House that tries to incorporate every element under the sun.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): We thought the culprit was changing form to evade capture... But, if the doppelganger isn't responsible for the nightmares, they would be no more deserving of arrest than a random prankster...

### Additional Talk 5

Ginkaku: N—Nothing's working! The humans are catching up!
Paimon: Little rascals... Stop running!
Kinkaku: ...Hmph, you wish!

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: (Looks like everyone's busy trying to finish their game... I should come back later.)