(Quest is part of group: Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival)

(Quest is part of chapter: Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival: First Night As Though Caught in a Dream)

# As Though Caught in a Dream

You receive a long-awaited letter from Yae Miko...


## Objective 2

(View the Invitation Letter)


## Talk 3

(Talk to Okuzumeshuu)

Takeshi: #Ah, welcome, honored Traveler. Guuji Yae told me about your visit. Please, come in.
Traveler: Well, that was a lot easier than last time...
Takeshi: Ahem... The Almighty Shogun is also inside. It's best not to keep her waiting.

## Objective 4

(Pay a visit to Tenshukaku)


## Talk 5

(Pay a visit to Tenshukaku)

Yae Miko: ...Now, now, there's no need to be so stubborn about this. I'll adjust the budget here, and we'll definitely turn a profit.
Raiden Shogun: No. We must confirm the official representative before discussing details. There is an order to this that must be followed.
Paimon: From the way she's talking... This must be the Shogun, right?
Traveler: Yeah, it's her alright.
Yae Miko: Ah, little one. It's about time. Come, I have a contract for you to sign.
Paimon: Whoa! We're not just gonna sign a random contract out of the blue!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Also, if it's one of your contracts...

Option 2:

> Traveler: How can I be sure I'm not signing myself up for slave labor or something?

Yae Miko: Hardly, hardly... Well, "labor" is a part of it, but you will be compensated...
Paimon: Hah, so it IS as bad as Paimon thought...
Raiden Shogun: #I see, so {F#s}he's the representative you selected... He would indeed be the perfect candidate for the Mikawa Flower Festival.
Traveler: The Mikawa Flower Festival?
Raiden Shogun: When the youkai still roamed the land, they celebrated an event known as the "Mikawa Flower Festival." It was an occasion for drink, laughter, and merriment.
Yae Miko: We hosted a version of it during the Test of Courage. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, we weren't able to put on a large celebration.
Yae Miko: So, I got to thinking, why not have another go? This time, with a Mikawa Flower Festival for youkai and humans alike.
Yae Miko: One that combines human ingenuity with youkai arts to offer the most innovative and thrilling entertainment of our time.... open to all humans and youkai throughout the land.
Paimon: Entertainment, huh... Wait, kind of like Akitsu Yuugei and Akitsu Haneasobi? Those games were really fun!
Raiden Shogun: For an important event like this, an official representative is required to preside over the festivities. In the past, the role was usually given to the Guuji, or an individual from the Yashiro Commission. But this time...
Yae Miko: Neither myself nor the Kamisato family can assume the position, given we represent one side or the other — the youkai or the humans.
Traveler: But, aren't I human, too?
Raiden Shogun: Human you may be, but you posses a deep connection with the youkai, and you do not hail from this land. That makes you a more neutral option.
Raiden Shogun: Moreover, you took part in the previous festival during the Test of Courage. In my estimation, there is no better candidate for the role.
Yae Miko: Plus, your name has the potential to attract an even greater showing... So, are you going to sign this thing, or what?
Paimon: Huh, you've got a point... Then, let's go ahead and... Wait! Paimon almost fell into her trap!

Option 1:

> Traveler: I don't work as a festival ambassador for free.

Option 2:

> Traveler: How much are you willing to offer?

Yae Miko: Come now, this is for an important occasion, is it not? Even I've chosen to throw profit to the wind. Surely a... selfless hero like yourself wouldn't turn your back on a good cause?
Raiden Shogun: According to the proposal, the proceeds will be distributed as follows — forty percent to Yae Publishing House and ten percent to the festival representative.
Paimon: Hey, no fair!
Traveler: I want thirty percent.
Yae Miko: Now, ten percent might not sound like much, but Yae Publishing House is going to great lengths for this occasion, both in time and personnel. All you need to do is show your face.
Traveler: ...You say that now, and then you're going to put me to work once I agree.
Yae Miko: Hah, getting smart, aren't you, little one? In that case, I'll throw in another ten percent from the other half of the proceeds.
Raiden Shogun: No. The other half is going to the Shogunate — that is not up for negotiation. But, I am rather curious about the supposed "great lengths" you mentioned...
Raiden Shogun: Unless I am mistaken, most of the personnel and supplies are to be provided by the Shogunate. In that sense, forty percent seems rather high for your establishment, does it not?
Yae Miko: That Ei... When did she reprogram you to argue back like this?
Raiden Shogun: #Proceeds should be distributed according to contribution. Besides, from the very beginning, you planned to allocate an additional ten percent of your share to Traveler, did you not?
Paimon: Wait, so earlier... you were just trying to shortchange us!
Yae Miko: *sigh* What's the fun in bargaining if you open up with your best offer right off the bat?
Paimon: Uh... Paimon doesn't see the fun at all, but twenty percent is... acceptable.
Traveler: Alright, so what do I have to do as the representative?
Black Screen Text: Once the representative is confirmed, the rest of the conversation goes quite smoothly.
Yae Miko: Games have always been a central part of the festival, and both Akitsu Haneasobi and Akitsu Yuugei were extremely popular.
Yae Miko: So, the plan is to host an event where the attendees have forty-eight hours to create a game of their own. We'll have new and exciting entertainment in no time!
Paimon: Ohh! Everyone loves fun games! You won't have to worry about attracting humans and youkai to the event!
Raiden Shogun: That is the general plan. I'll leave you to iron out the finer details and contact the participants.
Raiden Shogun: This is a critical time for the Shogunate's new development plans, and the survey team is returning momentarily, so I must turn my attention to them.
Yae Miko: Got it, got it. We'll see you later, then.
Traveler: Where to now?
Yae Miko: Hmm... Chinju Forest. Let's pay a visit to our old friend, Ioroi.

## Talk 6

(Pay a visit to Ioroi)

Ioroi: Eek! The smell of humans... Nothing to see here, just a statue... Huh? Wait, why do I smell kitsune...
Yae Miko: Remember us, Ioroi?
Ioroi: Ah! It's you youngsters... And... YOU! Hmph, the nasty kitsune who turned Chinju Forest into the playground for her Test of Courage!
Paimon: Oh, Chinju Forest is supposed to be Ioroi's territory, right? No wonder he's so mad...
Ioroi: Exactly! How could you hold a Test of Courage without inviting me!?
Paimon: Ohhhhhh, so THAT's what he's angry about!

Option 1:

> Traveler: But, um, sealed away like this...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Could you even participate?

Ioroi: ...*ahem* Anyway, what brings you all here? Something to discuss?
Traveler: (Okay, so he avoided the question completely...)
Yae Miko: Hehe, I actually came to apologize about the Test of Courage.
Yae Miko: It was my mistake not to invite more youkai to the ceremony. So, for this Mikawa Flower Festival, I knew I had to extend a personal invitation to the bake-danuki.
"Kichiboushi": Huh? The Mikawa Flower Festival?
"Shousei" (Shousei & Gyoubu Koban): Yes!!! The Mikawa Flower Festival!!!
"Gyoubu Koban" (Shousei & Gyoubu Koban): Yes!!! The Mikawa Flower Festival!!!
Paimon: Huh!? Kichiboushi, Shousei, Gyoubu Koban... Where did you come from!?

Option 1:

> Traveler: (And why can we understand them all of a sudden...)

Option 2:

> Traveler: (Is it because of the Kitsune Meal? On second thought, better not to ask.)

Ioroi: Hmph! Never trust an apology from a kitsune! Or an invitation, for that matter! It's just a silly festival... So what if there's delicious food!? Or fun games!?
"Kichiboushi": Yum yum!
"Shousei": Fun fun!
Ioroi: That's enough, you two! Don't fall for the kitsune's cheap tricks! Such hopeless innocent cubs...
Yae Miko: What a shame... I was hoping to take you all to the festival, but it would seem Ioroi disapproves.
Yae Miko: I suppose it makes sense... Poor Ioroi, stuck in this statue all alone while the rest of you got to have fun. How sad that would be...
"Gyoubu Koban": Poor Ioroi!
Ioroi: E—Excuse you! I am Ioroi, the Kakushigami of the bake-danuki! I'm just... um... Ah, yes! Just worried the cubs will get distracted and stray from the tanuki path...
Yae Miko: Ah, I should also mention, I was hoping the bake-danuki could help the humans take their games to the next level, talented as you are in the art of transformation.
Yae Miko: In Inazuma, only the bake-danuki can hope to match the kitsune in that area.
Ioroi: Match!? The kitsune could never rival the transformative gifts of the bake-danuki!
Yae Miko: ...Ah, well, I was thinking of using the bake-danuki as the symbol of the event in promotions and such. But, alas, it would seem you don't like that idea, Ioroi.
Yae Miko: No matter — I shall simply seek the help of the kitsune. When the time comes, all of Inazuma will know the kitsune stepped in to accomplish what the bake-danuki could not...
Ioroi: W—Wait!
Yae Miko: Heh.
Traveler: What an obvious strategy...
Yae Miko: It worked, didn't it?
Ioroi: Ahem... My dear cubs, transforming into things that already exist is only a small fraction of what it means to become a great bake-danuki...
Ioroi: To even get a quarter of the way through your training, you must be able to turn into things of your own invention, just like when I turned into a gigantic ramen bowl that could fly...
Ioroi: So, go forth and seize this opportunity, so you can advance the name of the... Ah, no, I mean, advance your training!
Ioroi: Not all humans are bad and scary — some are good, just like these youngsters. Go with them and transform into things you've never tried before.
Yae Miko: Don't worry, Ioroi. The little tanuki are safe with me.
Ioroi: You're the one I'm worried about...
Paimon: Well, we're here, too! We'll make sure they don't, uh... stray from the path!
Ioroi: Hm... I'll hold you to that! Now, Kichiboushi, Shousei, Gyoubu Koban, while you're out there, always listen to—
"Kichiboushi": Yep yep! Always listen to White Fur!
"Shousei": #And Mr. Yellow Fur!
"Gyoubu Koban": And Auntie Pink—
"Gyoubu Koban": ...*ahem* Miss Pink Fur!
Ioroi: Ah, I almost forgot, given their level of training, speaking to humans will be a problem. Just a moment, I'll cook up a few Bake-Danuki Meals to keep on hand.
Yae Miko: No need. Here, Miss Pink Fur prepared a special Kitsune Meal for you all. It will give you the ability to speak to humans.
Ioroi: Mm!? Y—You stole our tricks, too? A—And changed the name!?
Black Screen Text: Seemingly oblivious to Ioroi's loud sounds of protest, Miko prepares a completely non-suspicious feast...
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Yum yum!
"Gyoubu Koban": Nom nom! Mmm!
Ioroi: *sigh*... Is it really that much better than mine...?
Yae Miko: Splendid! That should make our lives easier. Now, we can head into the city and start forming the teams.
Traveler: Teams?
Yae Miko: Well, we need more than bake-danuki power to design these games... Hmm, two humans per team should suffice, I'd say.
Yae Miko: Now, I need to discuss the layout of the venue with the Yashiro Commission. I'll leave the team recruitment to you.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Put to work already...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Guess I need to earn that extra ten percent...

Paimon: Hold on, you're not taking part, Miko? You're really gonna sit out on the fun? You, of all people...
Yae Miko: Hehe, making games is nowhere near as fun as playing them. Besides, working through the night certainly isn't my idea of a good time.
"Kichiboushi": Making games?
"Shousei": Working?
"Gyoubu Koban": Through the night?
Yae Miko: ...Anyway, this time, I'm going to wait for the fun to come to me. See you later, little ones.

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Make your way into Inazuma City)

Ioroi: Kichiboushi and the others are young, so their speaking ability is limited... I miss the days when the bake-danuki could run circles around the humans.
Ioroi: Hold on, how were you able to understand them from the start? Does that mean the Bake-Danuki Meal from last time is still working...? Hah, take that, sneaky kitsune!
Ioroi: Speaking of... *sniff, sniff* That kitsune is gone, yes? Good. I have a request, young one. Come closer...
Ioroi: You must protect the cubs from that sneaky kitsune at all costs!!!

## Talk 7

(Make your way into Inazuma City)

"Kichiboushi": Eek! A city!
"Shousei": So many houses! So many humans!
"Gyoubu Koban": Gotta farm beans! White Fur, Yellow Fur, how do we farm beans?
Paimon: Form teams not "farm beans"! Uh... It's kind of hard to explain...
Traveler: It's like, finding people with similar interests.
Paimon: Yeah, that's right! People with the same taste. Y'know, into the same thing. It's easier to come up with a game that way.
"Kichiboushi": Taste the same... Got it!
"Shousei": Easy peasy! White Fur, dumb.
"Gyoubu Koban": Farm beans that taste the same!
Paimon: No, wait! That's not... And, they're gone. In different directions, too! *sigh* Let's go after them!

## Talk 8

(Help the bake-danuki team up)

Paimon: Huh? Gyoubu Koban? What are you doing?
"Gyoubu Koban": Spying on great youkai! Great youkai whisper about something with humans!
Traveler: ...A great youkai?
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): ...So, what do you think? Are you interested in our proposal?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hmm, the idea has a lot of promise, but I'm afraid there are no natural hot springs on Watatsumi island. And, the cost of heating them artificially is a bit too—
Yumemizuki Mizuki (???): One second. I believe someone's listening... Hello over there — you're more than welcome to join, but a face-to-face conversation is more appropriate, don't you think?
"Gyoubu Koban": Eek! Great youkai found us!
Paimon: I—It's just us!
Gorou: #Traveler? Paimon?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: There's no need to be nervous, you two. It's not like I think you're corporate spies.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As for you... It's been a while since I've met one of your kind. What's your name? Is Ioroi doing well?
"Gyoubu Koban": Eek...!
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Huh...
Paimon: Oh, uh... This is Gyoubu Koban. It's his first time visiting a city, so he's a bit shy around strangers.

Option 1:

> Traveler: As for Ioroi...

Option 2:

> Traveler: He's the same as always.

Yumemizuki Mizuki: So, still sealed in that statue, then? I suppose it can't be helped...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Nice to meet you, Gyoubu Koban. My name is Yumemizuki Mizuki. I'm a yumekui-baku. We're youkai, just like you.
"Gyoubu Koban": Great youkai is... surprisingly friendly?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Ah, looks like he was scared that, as a "great youkai," you were going to do something terrible to him for interrupting our secret meeting.
Traveler: So, it was actually a secret meeting...?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Not exactly, no. We were discussing the potential of opening a new branch of the Aisa Bathhouse on Watatsumi Island.
Paimon: Oh? Aisa Bathhouse is expanding to Watatsumi Island?
Gorou: Well, tourism is one of the areas we're hoping to expand. We've been discussing the possibility with Miss Mizuki for quite some time.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Still, given the lack of natural springs on Watatsumi island, we're looking at high operating costs. And, if it's not different enough from the main branch, I worry about its ability to draw in customers.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: All valid points. We do need to differentiate the brand. We could place a greater emphasis on physiotherapy...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Or add some popular activities, such as carefully designed "games"...
"Gyoubu Koban": ...Games!
Paimon: Uhh... Games? In a bathhouse?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Of course! Games are often used in psychological treatment to put patients at ease.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Anyway, the topic of games really seemed to pique your interest... Is there something going on?
Traveler: Ahem, allow me to explain...
Black Screen Text: You briefly explain the situation to everyone...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: I see... A new kind of Mikawa Flower Festival. Miss "Fried Tofu With All the Frills" is as ingenious as ever.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Miko, huh... I knew I smelled scheming in the air...
Gorou: Oh, uh... That lady again? W—Well, there's a lot of work to do on Watatsumi Island. So, we probably don't have time for something like that... right, Your Excellency?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hmm... I do think there's potential in turning Watatsumi Island into a tourist destination.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: We could use the festival as a proof of concept and establish a partnership with Miss Mizuki. If people are drawn to our game, that would mean a lot of positive publicity, which would benefit us in the long term.
Gorou: Ah... B—But, aren't Aisa Bathhouse and Yae Publishing House business rivals?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Rivalries aside, I have no qualm using Yae Publishing House's resources to our advantage.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Besides, if I remember correctly, you have a connection to Yae Publishing House as well, don't you, General Gorou? You work on the That's Life column?
Gorou: Oh, well... Yes, I do...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...If our venture is to focus on games, then as future business partners, I'm sure you would appreciate an opportunity to see what I can do.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hehe, an astute observation, Miss Mizuki. Well, shall we? Getting down to business is often the quickest way to bring people together, after all.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: ...Agreed! Then, why don't we discuss some of the finer details before the festival begins?
Gorou: Oh, but... Um... *sigh*... Alright... Then, I guess I should—
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Actually, Gorou, I was hoping you might attend to the business on Watatsumi Island in the meantime. Just as you said, there is quite a bit to be done...
Gorou: Huh...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: She's giving you an out.

Option 2:

> Traveler: She's giving you a way to avoid Miko.

Gorou: ...Of course!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: In addition, I'd like you to encourage the people of Watatsumi Island to attend the festival. It's a celebration for humans and youkai alike...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: ...So, that includes our people as well. This should be an occasion that brings people together.
Gorou: ...Understood! Leave it to me, Your Excellency.

## Talk 9

(Help the bake-danuki team up)

"Kichiboushi": White Fur! Yellow Fur! Over here! Kichiboushi found big, sleepy tanuki!
Traveler: Hate to break it to you Kichiboushi, but...
Sayu: Hey... I'm a mujina, not a tanuki!
"Kichiboushi": ...Ohhh, mujina youkai that can turn into tanuki?
Sayu: No, wait... I'm not a mujina or a tanuki. I'm Sayu!
"Kichiboushi": Tanuki... Mujina... Sayu... So many transformations! Sayu is youkai?
Traveler: She's a ninja, not a youkai.
Sayu: I don't transform at all! I've been a human this whole time! Who is this guy, anyway? Popping up out of nowhere right when I found a spot to sleep...
Paimon: Ehehe... Sorry, this is probably the first time Kichiboushi has ever seen a ninja...
Yoimiya: Ah, the Big Tanuki and the Great Mujina Youkai are facing off! The rumors around Hanamizaka were true!
Sayu: Not this again... It's just Sayu!
Yoimiya: Oh... Haha, no youkai, huh. My bad, Sayu. I rushed over here as soon as I heard the rumors. Guess I got a bit carried away...
Sayu: *whimper*... And there goes my nap...
"Kichiboushi": Hahaha, silly humans. Much to learn.
Yoimiya: Whoa, hold on... Is this guy... a real youkai!?
Traveler: His name is Kichiboushi.
Yoimiya: Well, hello there, Kichiboushi!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! This human... really really warm!
Yoimiya: Uh... warm?
Traveler: Warm... personality-wise, I'm guessing?
Yoimiya: Oh, hahaha... Well, what brings you to Inazuma City, Kichiboushi? We don't often get bake-danuki around these parts.
Paimon: Boy, where do we begin...
Black Screen Text: You briefly explain the situation to Yoimiya.
Yoimiya: Ahhh, I see. You're recruiting people to develop games for the Mikawa Flower Festival...
Traveler: You interested?
Yoimiya: Well, duh! C'mon, Sayu! Let's do it together!
Sayu: ...Ugh! Right when I was trying to run...
Sayu: About that... um... I'm pretty busy... uh... practicing ninjutsu and such...
Yoimiya: Oh, I heard the bake-danuki are great at ninjutsu! Rumors has it, with a single thought, they can grow taller than a house! Is that true, Kichiboushi?
Sayu: Taller than a house? I've never heard of a ninjutsu like that...
"Kichiboushi": It's not ninjutsu, it's bake-danuki art! We don't grow taller than house!
Sayu: S—See...? I knew it wouldn't be that easy...
"Kichiboushi": We grow taller than mountain!
Sayu: EH!?
Yoimiya: Sayu...?
Sayu: S—Sorry... Just thinking about something sensei always said: "You can't just focus on drills, Sayu. You need to push the limits of what you know about ninjutsu."
Traveler: Well, this is as good an opportunity as any.
Sayu: I... I guess...
"Kichiboushi": Farm beans, success?
Sayu: A—Alright, let's go discuss this ninjutsu... Ah, no. This bake-danuki art of transformation! The one you're going to use for the festival!
Yoimiya: Yes! I've always wanted to go to a festival with you, Sayu! Let's go to my place to brainstorm! We can even set off some fireworks when we're done!
Sayu: Uh... I'll pass on the fireworks. They're terrible for my sleep...

## Talk 10

(Help the bake-danuki team up)

Thoma: ...Wait, you're saying he's not one of Ushi's friends?
Arataki Itto: Whoa, pump the brakes... I thought he was your friend.
"Shousei": Hehe, long-horned oni and short-horned oni!
Arataki Itto: He... He talks!
Paimon: Shousei! There you are!
"Shousei": White Fur! Yellow Fur! Shousei found White Fur and Yellow Fur number two. Both great youkai! Both like to play!
Thoma: Great youkai... So, he thinks I'm an oni, too?
Traveler: What's going on?
Arataki Itto: Listen, I was just playin' some Genius Invokation with my good bro Thoma during his time off...
Thoma: And then, out of the blue, this... Shousei appeared right in the middle of our match.
"Shousei": Shousei loves to play! Long-horned and short-horned Oni also love to play! We taste the same, hehe!
Arataki Itto: We what now?
Traveler: I can explain...
Black Screen Text: You briefly explain the situation to Itto and Thoma...
Arataki Itto: Oho! The Mikawa Flower Festival! Shoulda opened with that, compadre!
Arataki Itto: Man, the Arataki Gang really hard-carried the last one. We'll turn this one into somethin' special, too!
Hitotsume Kozou (Paimon): Hitotsume Kozou and the others did all the work, Bull-chucker. You're really lumping them in with your gang?
Arataki Itto: I—It's called doing them a favor... Besides, they look up to me. I'm like a cool older brother...
Paimon: Hmm... Hitotsume Kozou and his friends did come up with the Akitsu Yuugei game during the last festival. There's no reason not to invite them this time!
Arataki Itto: Woo, the crew's gettin' back together! I'll round 'em up, hahaha!
Thoma: ...Technically, I'm on vacation, but I'm happy to assist the Yashiro Commission with the festival.
Arataki Itto: That's what I like to hear! Alright, let's round up those three little fellas and start workin' on the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Akitsu Yuugei Game...
Kuki Shinobu: Not so fast.
"Shousei": ...Hornless oni?
Kuki Shinobu: We have an advertising job to finish, remember, Boss?
Arataki Itto: Huh?? We... We do!?
Kuki Shinobu: Re-shoots, follow-up work... There's still a mountain of things to do.
Arataki Itto: Oh, well... uh...
Kuki Shinobu: *ahem* Look at Thoma here, kind enough to help with the festival even during his vacation. I would think the Boss of the Arataki Gang would show even more dedication to his work, but y'know, that's just me...
Arataki Itto: Uhh... Umm...
Thoma: Hah... Looks like your time is spoken for, my friend.
Thoma: Wrap up what you need to do, and we can finish our match at the festival. Best of both worlds!
Arataki Itto: *sigh*... Alright! Those errands are a piece of cake. I'll be back in no time!
Arataki Itto: Oh, but first, I should introduce you to Kozou and the others. Then, you can head to the festival... without me.
Kuki Shinobu: #Then, let's get a move on! No use standing here talking about it — go make those introductions. We have stuff to do... Sorry, Traveler and Paimon. I'm sure we'll see you later.
"Shousei": Hornless oni, so scary...
Thoma: Hahaha...

## Talk 12

(Go to the Yashiro Commission)

Hirotatsu: Miss Kamisato, this is the list of the stage materials for your review...
Madarame Hyakubei: Miss Kamisato, I have your schedule for tomorrow...
Kamisato Ayaka: Hmm... The list looks fine. As for the schedule, let's move the meeting with the Tenryou Commission up a little. They're in charge of festival security, so that should take precedence.
Paimon: Whoa, she looks super busy... Should we come back later?
Kamisato Ayaka: #Hm? Oh... Traveler!

Option 1:

> Traveler: You seem busy.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Are we interrupting?

Kamisato Ayaka: ...Oh, no. You're fine. You caught me just as I was finishing up, actually.
Kamisato Ayaka: Lady Guuji said you're the official festival representative, and you've been busy recruiting participants... So, I should do my part too, right?
Kamisato Ayaka: For large events like the Test of Courage, Brother usually does most of the organizing. But this time, I wanted to take some work off his back.
Traveler: That should be a big help!
Kamisato Ayaka: I hope so!
Paimon: Oh, speaking of the recruitment, we found a bunch of people! We should be good to go!
Kamisato Ayaka: Oh, already? That was fast... I wasn't sure we would find enough participants. I thought I might have to sign up myself...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Oh, well there's still time...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I could go and ask...

Kamisato Ayaka: Oh, don't worry about it. I can only focus on so many things, anyway. If we have enough people, I should stick to organizing.
Kamisato Ayaka: I suppose I'm a little sad about not taking part... But, I'm looking forward to the festival all the same.
Kamisato Ayaka: When the time comes, perhaps we could check it out tog—
Hirano: Miss Kamisato! Another letter from the Kanjou Commission!
Kamisato Ayaka: Ah! Coming! ...Sorry, duty calls. We'll have to talk about our plans another time.
Kamisato Ayaka: My brother's the one overseeing the teams. I believe he's in the courtyard with Lady Guuji. You can go in when you're ready.
Paimon: Thanks, Ayaka! See you later!
Kamisato Ayaka: See you later.
Paimon: Wow, Ayaka's really working hard... Guess we should follow suit. You're the festival representative, and that makes Paimon the representative of the representative. So, in other words, let's do this!
Yae Miko: Ah, it's about time... I could hear you talking outside.
Kamisato Ayato: I apologize for not greeting you upon arrival. The Lady Guuji and I were discussing something urgent.
Paimon: Oh, don't worry about it! We were talking to Ayaka, anyway.
Yae Miko: #Heh, now that young lady is one enthusiastic volunteer, especially when she heard about your involvement, Traveler. Solved our personnel problem in one fell swoop...
Traveler: So, you took the opportunity to order her around as well?
Yae Miko: Hardly... It was entirely her decision. Besides, you really think I could order her around with her big brother standing right there?
Kamisato Ayato: I do hope she gets what she wants out of the event... Now, I see the bake-danuki are no longer with you. I assume that means the teams are set?
Traveler: Yep. Here's the situation...
Black Screen Text: You explain what happened to Ayato...
Kamisato Ayato: Heh... Long-horned oni and short-horned oni. Those are some interesting names.
Kamisato Ayato: I was hoping Thoma would use the festival as an excuse to relax, but it would seem he refuses to remain idle.
Kamisato Ayato: He even signed up as a participant... Well, here's to hoping the game development is enjoyable, at the very least.
Yae Miko: #...Ah, Mizuki signed up, too? Along with the "Sole of the Deep"? Now, this is getting interesting... I knew it was a good idea to put you in charge of recruitment, Traveler.
Paimon: They're planning to use your festival to promote Aisa Bathhouse!
Yae Miko: Oh, is that so? Then, perhaps I should up the ante...
Paimon: So, Ayato... Is everything set on your end, then?
Kamisato Ayato: Yes. The Yashiro Commission will be in contact with each team and arrange for lodging, food, equipment, and travel.
Kamisato Ayato: We will also determine the overall theme for the games, which will be announced forty-eight hours before the opening of the festival.
Yae Miko: Yes, yes, that's all well and good. I just have one small adjustment...

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...That doesn't bode well!

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...That REALLY doesn't bode well!

Yae Miko: Hehe, why so anxious? I'm just trying to keep things exciting! When we're ready to announce the theme, come to the festival grounds at the foot of Mt. Yougou. We'll see you there.

## Talk 13 (alternative/additional)

(Wait until the next day (13:00 – 16:00))

Kamisato Ayato: The Lady Guuji is very... imaginative. There's no telling how the festival will end up in the end.
Traveler: She can be a handful...
Kamisato Ayato: I wouldn't go that far. Though outlandish at times, her ideas usually contain strokes of genius that can be quite practical in the end.
Kamisato Ayato: Besides, with you and Ayaka involved in the event, trust that I will intervene if things get out of hand. You need not worry.

## Objective 13

(Wait until the next day (13:00 – 16:00))


## Talk 14

(Go to Mt. Yougou)

Kujou Sara: ...Though the festival has yet to begin, the game development process is sure to attract a crowd.
Kujou Sara: It is the Tenryou Commission's responsibility to maintain security and order throughout the entirety of the proceedings. So, remain vigilant. Understood?
Haruto: Yes, Ma'am!
Paimon: Hey, Sara!
Kujou Sara: Oh, it's you. It's been a while.
Paimon: You guys are here early! There's still three whole days until the festival starts...
Kujou Sara: Correction — there's a little over forty-eight hours. Besides, many patrons are already here to observe the development process. Festival security starts now.
Paimon: Wait, but what about the Statue of the, uh... Almighty... Narukami, uh... Ogo— Eh, you know the one. Won't you miss out on it again?
Traveler: Want us to buy one for you?
Kujou Sara: ...Heh, no need. All Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder being sold at this event are an old model.
Kujou Sara: And as it turns out... I already own five of said model at home.
Paimon: Ah, okay... Well, that's definitely more than enough...
Kujou Sara: Yes, I only own five Statues of Her Excellency at any given time. That is my maximum.
Kujou Sara: Any more, and I'm afraid I would not be able to afford them the proper care.
Paimon: Oh, THAT'S the reason?
Kujou Sara: ...Personal matters aside, I heard you are the representative for this event. You should proceed to the stage and speak with the Lady Guuji.
Paimon: Oh, right... Looks like we're running out of time. Let's go, then! See you later, Sara.
Kujou Sara: Goodbye.
Inoue: ...Ma'am! We have a message from Commission headquarters. They need you to return as soon as possible!
Kujou Sara: Headquarters...? Now, of all times? Alright, keep watch in my absence. I won't be long.
Yae Miko: Ah, you're here! Now, we can get the ball rolling...
Traveler: Are we late?
Yae Miko: Right on time, I'd say. I was just about to announce the theme for the games.
Traveler: Uhh, what's that thing behind you...?
Yae Miko: Oh, this? Just a little something to spice things up.
Yae Miko: So... stay tuned!
Thoma: Hmm... We should be getting close, right?
Sayu: So sleepy... Can't wait any more...
Yumemizuki Mizuki: A theme decided by Miko and the Yashiro Commission... What's it gonna be...?
Yae Miko: One thing we all share... is our capacity to dream.
Yae Miko: Outlandish fantasies of the mind, nostalgic memories of the past, or telling reflections of our inner selves...
Yae Miko: In a similar sense, games also blur the lines between fantasy and reality. Just like our dreams, the bounds of possibility are as limitless as our imagination.
Yae Miko: ...With that in mind, your task is to create a game within the next forty-eight hours centered around the theme of "dreams." The genre and style are completely up to you...
Paimon: Okay... Nothing too crazy so far...
Yae Miko: And, to provide some additional motivation...
Yae Miko: The winning team will be awarded the Tanuki Game Award!
Yae Miko: As well as a generous sum of Mora... AND a sponsorship from Yae Publishing House to fully develop the game and promote it throughout all Inazuma!
"Kichiboushi": Mm!?
"Shousei": A—All Inazuma!?
"Gyoubu Koban": Thump thump... *squeal*!?
Yae Miko: In the interest of fairness, the evaluation committee will decide the winner based on attendee feedback as well as the opinion of our festival representative.
Yae Miko: Now, with that out of the way, let the game development begin! The forty-eight hour countdown... begins now.
Black Screen Text: Although Miko's sudden announcement leaves people reeling, the teams quickly get to work...
Yae Miko: Hm, looks like things are going well. We've just started, and it seems like all our teams have a plan.
Yae Miko: Plus, with the transformative powers of the bake-danuki, bringing those visions to fruition should be a lot easier.
Yae Miko: As the festival's most important judge and representative... You should go check on the progress, don't you think?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I really didn't see that coming...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Me as the main judge? Really?

Yae Miko: It all comes down to fairness, as I said. I worked with the Yashiro Commission to come up with the theme, so the judging must go to someone else.
Yae Miko: No need to stress, though. It's all fun and games, is it not? Just choose the one you enjoy the most.
Yae Miko: Of course, if it's appearances you're worried about, you could always... Oh, I don't know... check in on the teams and ask about their ideas?

Option 1:

> Traveler: What do you mean "appearances"?

Option 2:

> Traveler: I plan to take this seriously, like I always do.

Yae Miko: Hehe, and that proves that I picked the right person. Go on, then — I won't keep you.

## Talk 15

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Thoma: Alright... Let's add another elemental reaction here...
Hitotsume Kozou (Hitotsume Kozou & Kappa): Boss Thoma is the best!
Kappa (Hitotsume Kozou & Kappa): Boss Thoma is the best!
Thoma: Heh, that's nice of you, but it's all thanks to Akitsu Yuugei that I came up with this in the first place, and that was all you...
Youko: Anything for Boss Thoma!
Paimon: Whoa... Guess this team really hit it off...
Thoma: #Oh, hi there, Traveler and Paimon.
Paimon: Looks like you're getting along great with Kozou and the others! Guess a "fixer" can work with just about anyone, huh...
Thoma: Haha, I have Itto to thank, actually. He introduced me to Kozou and the others after you left that day.
Thoma: We didn't get to see each other much during the Test of Courage, but they're a very friendly group of youkai...
Thoma: All I had to do was mention the Mikawa Flower Festival, and they agreed to help right away. They even showed up bright and early this morning.
Paimon: That makes sense! It was their dream to host the Mikawa Flower Festival.
Hitotsume Kozou: ...Yep! That's right!
Youko: Yeah, totally! We've been dreaming about it for a long time!
Paimon: So, what are you planning for the game? It kinda sounded like you're making a sequel to Akitsu Yuugei!
Thoma: Hmm... I suppose it's a spiritual sequel of sorts? It's a combination of Akitsu Yuugei and Mondstadt's Ludi Harpastum...I call it, "Akitsu Harpastum."
Thoma: It's pretty simple, actually. Just swing the racket to hit the balls back where they came from.
Paimon: Uhh, but what does that have to do with the theme?
Thoma: Haha... Good question. The Lady Guuji did say that reminiscing about "nostalgic memories" is a form of dreaming, right?
Thoma: For many years after leaving Mondstadt, the only place I could experience Ludi Harpastum was in my dreams...
Thoma: Once I was old enough to go back on my own, too much had changed... My age, my mindset... Whatever it was, the Ludi Harpastum of my childhood was gone.
Traveler: Thoma...
Thoma: So, I suppose you could say, "Akitsu Harpastum" is a childhood dream many years in the making.
Thoma: Oh, and in the play-test stage, I added a few characters that often appear in fairytales and dreamscapes.
Thoma: ...Hopefully, that reinforces the theme a bit more, haha. Wanna give it a try?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sure!
> "Shousei": Haha! White Fur, Yellow Fur, get ready!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Next time for sure.
> Thoma: Haha, I almost forgot! You're an important figure in this event! Well, don't let us keep you. Come back any time!


## Talk 18

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Paimon: Wow! Look at this! You've made so much progress already!
Yoimiya: Hehe, all credit to Kichiboushi! We just told him what we wanted, and he made the set in no time!
Sayu: He helped with the gameplay, too... All we had was a prototype, and now it's ready for play-testing already. His skills are amazing...
"Kichiboushi": Hm! Kichiboushi, amazing!
Traveler: Very amazing!
Paimon: So, um... how do we play? It doesn't seem super obvious...
Yoimiya: The board is infused with youkai power! All you need to do is place your hand on it to enter the "dreamscape"... At least, I think that's how it works, right, Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi": Orange Fur, very smart!
Paimon: So, you could say your game unifies human ingenuity with bake-danuki magic to create a scene that is completely illusory... Very creative!
"Kichiboushi": White Fur, suddenly use many big words...
Sayu: You sure sound official all of a sudden, Paimon... Are you trying to act like a real judge?
Traveler: Don't mind her.
Paimon: Hm... This new style of game development deserves a name! How about "Unreal"? Ooh! Or "Unity"?
Traveler: Could you tell us about your game?
Yoimiya: You betcha!
Paimon: ...Hey, a little acknowledgment would be nice!
Yoimiya: Although, Sayu's the better person to ask! "Bunshin Phantasm" is her brain-child, after all.
Traveler: "Bunshin Phantasm"?
Sayu: Yeah! It's based on a dream I had... In the dream, I learned to make bunshin, and I made them do all my work for me.
Sayu: With my clones around, there was no reason for that lady to come find me, so I could sleep as long as I wanted...
Paimon: So even when you're asleep, you dream of getting more sleep...
Sayu: It's just... I got so excited at the prospect that I actually woke myself up... *sigh* If only I could make bunshin in real life...

Option 1:

> Traveler: I have a feeling...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Your clones might not want to work any more than you do...

Sayu: Well, then... Even if some get caught, the others could take a nap in the meantime, right?
Paimon: But if your clones do all the work, doesn't all that fatigue transfer back to you in the end?
Sayu: Oh, well, um... When you put it that way... I don't know anymore...
Yoimiya: All dreams are nonsensical and complicated in their own way. But that's what makes them interesting!
Yoimiya: Anyway, that's our game — "The Most Wonderful Bunshin Phantasm: Mujina Body Doubles to the Rescue!"
Paimon: What's a... mujina body double?
Sayu: That's a long story... Wanna just give it a try?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sure!
> Sayu: Awesome! All you have to do is put your hand on the board and close your eyes...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Next time for sure.
> Yoimiya: Ah, right! You have other teams to check out! All good! Whenever you're ready to play, just touch the board, and you're good to go!


## Talk 19

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Paimon: Hey there, Mizuki, Kokomi, and Gyoubu Koban! How are things going over here?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Not bad — we've made a lot of progress. Miss Mizuki is very experienced, and Gyoubu Koban's abilities are simply astonishing.
"Gyoubu Koban": Piece of cake! *click click*
Paimon: Experienced, huh... That must put you at a huge advantage! Is it because you use games in your work?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: Hmm, I'm not sure it gives me an advantage, per se... The games I use are for clinical purposes, not entertainment.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: But if we want that award, we need something a lot more fun. So, my experience only goes so far.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: That reminds me... The Yashiro Commission chose "dreams" as the theme of the competition. Do you think that was targeted at us?
Paimon: Huh, using "dreams" to test a dream-eater... Yeah, it does sound like some kind of challenge...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: They knew we wanted to use this as an opportunity to advertise our game. But, now, it's a competition...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Which means, if we lose, our game will be completely overshadowed by the winner.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: And if we win, she gets a share of the profits as the primary investor... Miss "Fried Tofu With All the Frills" is on the top of her game.
Paimon: Wow... That's a lot of scheming...
"Gyoubu Koban": Mm? Screaming?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: On the other hand, if we do win first place, the prestige will help us get the word out, which should increase the popularity of the bathhouse on Watatsumi Island.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: As for Yae Publishing House's sponsorship... As long as we win the competition, we get to decide the terms.
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Winner takes all, huh... I suppose it works both ways. This definitely has the Lady Guuji written all over it.
Yumemizuki Mizuki: My guess... is that she's doing all this for the entertainment factor — for fun, basically.
"Gyoubu Koban": Mm! Fun, fun! Gyoubu Koban likes fun!
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Heh, well said. I suppose that's the purpose of a game, after all. For now, let's focus on making our game the best it can be.
Paimon: Good idea! So, what kind of game are you gonna make?
Yumemizuki Mizuki: We're calling it, "A Little Fox's Daydream." Basically, you play as a fox navigating between sweet dreams and nightmares in search of delicious fried tofu.
Traveler: I think I might know who the "little fox" is supposed to be...
Paimon: Yeah, looks like that fox takes some inspiration from, uh... real life...
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Well, the design was Miss Mizuki's idea, but I'm completely on board. Sometimes, the only way to meet a challenge is with a challenge of your own.
Traveler: (Fighting fire with fire, huh...)
Yumemizuki Mizuki: That's the definition of fun, don't you think? So, wanna give it a try?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sure!
> Sangonomiya Kokomi: Wonderful! Right this way...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Next time for sure.
> "Gyoubu Koban": Next time, next time! That's a promise!


## Objective 20

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)


## Talk 21 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Yae Miko: Well? Did you get a good look at all the games?

## Talk 21 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: I want to look around some more...
Yae Miko: Oh? Well, hurry back. Don't keep me waiting for too long!

## Talk 21

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: I think so.
Yae Miko: Oh? And what are your thoughts? I'm all ears.

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: Sayu's "Bunshin Phantasm"...
Yae Miko: Bunshin, huh... I'm not surprised she's interested in learning that ninjutsu. I suppose I could find an opportunity to teach her...
Paimon: Wait, you know how to make bunshin!?
Yae Miko: Well, if it's conjuring a body double to sit at the shrine in my place, that's child's play. I'm sure plenty of youkai can do the same.
Yae Miko: Ah, but best not let Nana find out... Pretend I didn't say anything, okay?

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: Thoma's "Akitsu Harpastum"...
Yae Miko: Akitsu Harpastum, huh? I'm sure that will be a nostalgic experience for many people.
Yae Miko: Hmm, perhaps a Mondstadt spin on an Inazuman classic will be... Dare I say, a breath of fresh air...
Yae Miko: What do you say we drag Ei out here so she can join in on the fun?

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: Mizuki's "A Little Fox's Day—"
Yae Miko: Hmm?
Traveler: (You quickly cut yourself off upon sensing a sharp look from Miko.)
Yae Miko: What an interesting take on the theme... Tell me, did it come from Miss "Sole of the Deep" or my dear, old friend?
Traveler: You're not going to charge them for using your likeness, are you...?
Yae Miko: Heh, not a bad idea. But, I'm more interested in seeing how this plays out, which means... turning a blind eye, for now.

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Black Screen Text: You share your play-test insights with Miko...
Yae Miko: Mmm, fascinating... Which game are you looking forward to the most?

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Yoimiya: Just think, all the kids in Inazuma might have a chance to play our game! Ah, I'm so excited! We have to win!
"Kichiboushi": Have to win!
Sayu: O—Or, we could take a more laid back approach? I mean, we shouldn't jeopardize our sleep or anything...
Yoimiya: Hm, you have a point... The most important thing is to have fun.
Sayu: Oh, and learning a ninjutsu to grow taller! *ahem* I mean, learning new ninjutsu in general, hehe...

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Thoma: Hmm, we need to fine tune some things if we want to take home that award... Should we add a few more mechanisms?
Hitotsume Kozou: Anything for Boss Thoma!
Youko: Boss Thoma is the best!
Kappa: Great idea, Boss Thoma!
"Shousei": Boss Thoma is best!

## Talk 22 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Yumemizuki Mizuki: Oh, here's an idea... Let's make the final checkpoint of this stage a ramen stand.
"Gyoubu Koban": Hm? Ramen stand? Why?
Sangonomiya Kokomi: Let me guess... another callback to the real-life Lady Guuji?

## Talk 22

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Paimon: Well, we had to pick one, but honestly, all the ideas were pretty good...
Yae Miko: It's still early days, so there's no rush to make a decision. Plenty of novels at Yae Publishing House have opened on a high note, only to lose the plot halfway through.
Yae Miko: You can pick your favorite game once everyone's done with their work.

## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Yae Miko: Oh? Back so soon? Did you want to withhold judgment until they're done?

## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Kamisato Ayato: The Lady Guuji's decision to turn this into a competition certainly was... unexpected. But, I digress... What do you think of the award?

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's very cute.
> Kamisato Ayato: Is that so? Hehe, make sure to let Ayaka know you think so.

Option 2:

> Traveler: It's alright...
> Kamisato Ayato: Ah, well... It was a bit last minute...


## Talk 23 (alternative/additional)

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Kamisato Ayaka: I can't believe I finished everything in time... That was close.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Organizing a competition out of thin air...

Option 2:

> Traveler: That must have been a lot of work.

Kamisato Ayaka: Yeah... It was a very last-minute change of plans. We had to get a bunch of supplies ready, like the Tanuki Game Award, which took a while.
Kamisato Ayaka: If only I had a bit more time, I'm sure I could have made it look better...

## Talk 23

(Share your play-test experience with Miko)

Traveler: Hmm, I think I'm good. I don't need to make a call right away.
Yae Miko: Ah, you don't want to judge an unfinished product? Well, that does make sense...
Yae Miko: There are fun things to do at some of the stalls nearby. You can check them out while the contestants work on their games.
Black Screen Text: You spend some time perusing the stalls and play-testing "Bunshin Phantasm," "Akitsu Harpastum," and "A Little Fox's Daydream."
Soon, night falls.

## Talk 24

(Talk to Paimon)

Paimon: Wow... Time really flew by today! It's so late already...
Paimon: The game booths were cool, but the food was even better! There were vendors selling Dango Milk, Tricolor Dango, Rice Cake Soup, you name it!
Traveler: Of course you care about the food the most...
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon saved a skewer just for you! Here, before it gets cold!
Traveler: It's not something you just didn't finish, right?
Paimon: N—No! Of course not! If you don't want it, Paimon will eat it herself!
Traveler: (You enjoy the soft and chewy texture of the snack. With the excitement of the festival all around you, it almost tastes sweeter than usual.)
Paimon: Tastes great, right? Which means... We should come back for more tomorrow!

Option 1:

> Traveler: So that's why you saved one for me...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You've run out Mora to buy it yourself.

Paimon: Hehe... Wait! Do you see that up ahead? What's someone doing out this late...
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...
Paimon: Huh, their clothes look kinda weird... Oh, could they be one of those costumed actors Miko mentioned?
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Heh...
Paimon: Hey! Hello there! Are you also here for the festival?
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Hyah!
Traveler: Paimon! Watch out!
Paimon: Waaaah!!!

## Objective 25

(Defeat the opponents)


## Talk 28

(Talk to Paimon)

Nightmare Fragments (???): ...
Traveler: (Is that it...?)
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...
Traveler: (...!)
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Hyah!
Traveler: (So fast!)
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...
Traveler: (When did this dagger get here?)
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Heh...
Traveler: (Hold on, I know this feeling... I've felt it several times before...!)
Nightmare Fragments (???): ...Hyah!
Traveler: (I'm in a dream!!!)
Paimon: #...Traveler! Hey! Are you alright!?
Traveler: ...What just happened?
Paimon: Well, you fought that strange person and made them disappear. But then, all of a sudden, you started backing up like you were super afraid of something...
Traveler: ...I'm fine now, don't worry.
Paimon: Phew... You nearly gave Paimon a heart attack...
Traveler: (I saw a dagger, but it was Tricolor Dango the whole time... So, it was all just a nightmare?)
Traveler: (Luckily, I heard the sound of thunder in the dream. Otherwise, it probably would have taken me a lot longer to break out of the nightmare...)
Paimon: Also, what was with that thunder just now? It came out of nowhere, and it's not even raining!
Traveler: Huh...?
Paimon: What's wrong?
Traveler: (So the thunder... wasn't part of the dream?)
Traveler: (Who was that person...?)
Ei: ...Has a "Nightmare" returned to Inazuma once again?
Asari: Hey, Komura! Time to go. The stalls are closed, so let's head home for the night!
Komura: ...
Asari: Hey! Did you hear me? No more gaming tonight. We can come back tomorrow!
Asari: ...Komura, Komura!
Komura: ...
Asari: Um... Komura?
Komura (???): What's with the yelling? I can hear you just fine. Let's go.
Asari: ...Huh?
Komura: ...What? You're not coming? Why are you giving me that look?
Asari: Komura, weren't you...
Asari: Over there... just now?

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*

Traveler: Hmm, guess I should go back and check things out some more...
Yae Miko: That's the spirit! Give the games another look, and I'm sure one of them will speak to you. Go on, now.

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Paimon: Huh? A letter from Miko? What is she plotting this time... Well, let's open it and take a look!

### Free Talk 2

Paimon: ...Tenshukaku? Why does she want to meet us there? Paimon has a bad feeling about this...

### Free Talk 3

Yae Miko: Oh, but before I forget, you should eat this Kitsune Meal first.
Paimon: Whoa, it smells so good... Hmm... Oh, and also kind of like fried tofu, for some reason?

### Free Talk 4

Paimon: Okay, that should be enough teams! Time to report back to the Yashiro Commission!

### Free Talk 5

Paimon: The theme for the games is being announced today, right? Who knows what Miko's got up her sleeve... Let's go check it out!

### Free Talk 6

Paimon: So, you need to pick the "best game," huh... Well, why don't we take a look around to get a feel for things? Then, we can go talk to Miko!

### Free Talk 7

Paimon: Alright — we checked out each of the games! Wanna give any of them another go? If not, let's head back and find Miko.

### Free Talk 8

Paimon: What was that for!? They attacked us out of nowhere!

Paimon: Something's not right about this... B—Be careful, Traveler!