(Quest is part of chapter: Phantasmal Pals: Part I The Forest Boar and the Little Witch)

# A Little Walk Home

Yaoyao: Qiqi, you can't just drink sugary stuff. I told you how many glasses of water to have a day. Still remember?
Qiqi: One two three four. Two two three four... Um, no...
Yaoyao: It's okay! That's what I'm for. Your personal... hydration assistant, hehe! No better time than the present. Here, have some now!
Paimon: Aww... You really look out for Qiqi, huh, Yaoyao.
Yaoyao: #Traveler, Paimon! Perfect timing! What kind of snacks do you like? Salty? Sweet? Let's see what we have...
Paimon: Paimon's bag is full of snacks too. Pick out whatever you like!
Qiqi: Snacks and toys are meant for sharing. Here.
Yaoyao: Oh! This is the toy Auntie Cloud Retainer made for us. She built a lot of fun adeptal arts into it.
Yaoyao: After she heard from Master that we were coming to Inazuma, she lectured us all about being safe on our own.
Yaoyao: But, she didn't think telling us would be enough, so she made us this mechanism to play with. She said the most effective lessons are the ones combined with fun!
Qiqi: Be home before dark. Tuantuan and Yuegui go together. Qiqi and Yaoyao have to hold hands.
Yaoyao: Yep, that's what she said, huh! Nice remembering, Qiqi!
Yaoyao: Auntie Cloud Retainer's adeptal arts are amazing! She made a whole domain where our imaginary friends can play. I even got to meet Qiqi's imaginary friend for the first time, too!
Yaoyao: She's a cute little finch, just as adorable as Qiqi herself! Her name is Tuantuan.
Paimon: Qiqi's obsession with finches is suddenly starting to make a lot more sense...
Qiqi: Yuegui... is like the mechanical Yuegui, but different...
Yaoyao: Oh, right. Just in case you're confused, Yuegui is also my imaginary friend. It all started after Auntie Cloud Retainer gave me the mechanical Yuegui. We've grown up a lot together since then.
Qiqi: Tuantuan's grown too. She got chubbier, but she can also fly higher.
Paimon: Aw, that's awesome! Real or imaginary, it's nice to grow up with friends by your side.
Yaoyao: Oh, shoot! I almost forgot I'm supposed to be in charge of drinks! I'll be done soon! You guys should try out this mechanism in the meantime.