(Quest is part of group: A Lanternlit Ode to the Silver Moon)

(Quest is part of chapter: A Lanternlit Ode to the Silver Moon: Act I The Realm of Clouds)

# The Realm of Clouds

The Lantern Rite is here. What new changes await in Liyue Harbor this year?


## Objective 1

(Go to Liyue Harbor)


## Objective 2

(Go to Liyue Harbor)


## Talk 3

(Go to Liyue Harbor)

Yaoyao: Split the bamboo in the morning, dry it till night. Shape and bend it nice and tight.
Yaoyao: Cross the strands to form a pattern, coat in silk, and you have a lantern!
Yaoyao: That's how you remember how to make a Xiao Lantern! Did you get all that, Qiqi?
Qiqi: #Morning, split bamboo, Traveler...
Qiqi: Then get silk, make Paimon...
Yaoyao: What? No, no. That doesn't even rhyme.
Qiqi: Look, it's them.
Paimon: Hey Yaoyao! Hey Qiqi!
Yaoyao: #Whoa, Traveler! Paimon! You're here, hehe! Happy Lantern Rite!
Traveler: Happy Lantern Rite!
Paimon: Whatcha up to?
Yaoyao: I'm teaching Qiqi to make Xiao Lanterns! It's a real test of finger dexterity, so it'll help keep her nice and loose.
Qiqi: Yes, I do... finger exercises.
Qiqi: To be a... nimble zombie.
Yaoyao: Hehe, wanna try too, you two?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Thanks, but I already know how.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Thanks, but I prefer to buy them from Granny Shan.

Yaoyao: Oh, okay! Well, we need a whole bunch this year, so it doesn't get too dark at night.
Paimon: Too dark? What does that mean?
Qiqi: Dr. Baizhu has patients who got hurt walking at night...
Qiqi: The moon disappeared, so it was too dark to see...
Paimon: The moon... disappeared? Like, behind the clouds?
Qiqi: It was... Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer.
Traveler: Zhanzhu the who?
Qiqi: Changsheng told me about it, but now... I forgot...
Yaoyao: It's an old myth from Chenyu Vale about a giant toad in the sky that eats the moon.
Paimon: What!? The moon gets eaten!?
Yaoyao: It's just a story! It's not like there's actually a giant toad in the sky.
Yaoyao: I asked Master about it, and she said myths are just... insights into how the people of the past understood the world.
Traveler: So did the moon really disappear?
Yaoyao: Well, I didn't see it that night... But I've checked several nights since, and it's been there same as ever.
Yaoyao: According to Qiqi, though, the Ministry of Civil Affairs sent someone to do some kind of serious investigation. So, I don't know... Maybe something did happen.
Paimon: The Ministry of Civil Affairs? This is starting to sound bad...
Qiqi: It's okay, you can fly. Even if it's too dark, you won't fall and get hurt.
Yaoyao: Yeah, exactly! So turn that frown upside down, Paimon, or someday you'll get a whole bunch of wrinkles and wake up looking like an old granny!
Paimon: What? Okay, okay... No more frowning!
Paimon: #But Traveler can't fly... He could still fall and hurt himself, right?
Yaoyao: Don't worry. That's what the Xiao Lanterns are for. As long as we make enough, Liyue Harbor will never go dark.
Qiqi: Yeah, and there's the giant lantern too.
Yaoyao: Oh right, I almost forgot! Look, this year's grand lantern commemorates the adeptus who guards the moon! With her watching over it, the moon will be safe for sure!
Paimon: A white horse? Wait, so that's... the White Horse Adeptus?
Yaoyao: Yeah! Legend has it, she used to live on the moon, so if it were ever in danger, I'm sure she wouldn't just stand by and watch.
Paimon: Huh, we've heard of the White Horse Adeptus before. But we never heard the part about her living on the moon...
Yaoyao: Probably because it's a folk legend from Chenyu Vale, so not a lot of people know about it.
Yaoyao: But recently, some ancient artifacts were unearthed in Liyue, and the archaeological team even found evidence of ancient people worshiping an adeptus who lived in a palace on the moon!
Yaoyao: It's kinda like how we write wishes on Xiao Lanterns and release them during Lantern Rite.
Yaoyao: The White Horse Adeptus would descend from the moon in her jade carriage and grant people's wishes.
Paimon: Whoa! When did that happen? She sounds different from the other adepti in Liyue...
Yaoyao: It must have been a super long time ago, 'cause even Master barely knows anything about this adeptus.
Traveler: So Madame Ping has never met the White Horse Adeptus either?
Yaoyao: Nope! Kinda unbelievable, right? Yanfei said the White Horse Adeptus might even be a made-up legend, just like Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer.
Qiqi: Yeah, a made-up horse and a made-up toad...
Lu Weng (???): You're mistaken, children. The White Horse Adeptus really does exist.
Yaoyao: Oh, Mr. Lu from the Baiju Guesthouse! But... How do you know that for sure?
Lu Weng: Have you ever wondered how the guesthouse got its name, Yaoyao?
Yaoyao: Huh, "bai, ju"... White... colt... So it's named after the White Horse Adeptus?
Lu Weng: That's right! And that's because one of my ancestors was once blessed by the White Horse Adeptus.
Paimon: Wait, really? Tell us more, tell us more!
Lu Weng: It was a long, long time ago, when this ancestor of mine was still a young girl. She was out gathering herbs and accidentally fell off a cliff, but the White Horse Adeptus rescued her.
Paimon: Oh... That's it? Paimon was expecting something a bit more... special? We've heard a whole bunch of stories like that before...
Lu Weng: Patience, young one. Let me finish... After the White Horse Adeptus saved my ancestor, she told her a story about the moon and the ancient kingdom of Lang-Gan...
Lu Weng: My ancestor was so captivated that she completely lost track of time... So much so, in fact, that when she returned to her village, she found nothing but a desolate ruin in its place...
Lu Weng: It was as if, without her knowledge, countless years had passed in the mortal world...
Yaoyao: Eh!?
Lu Weng: The most extraordinary part of all is that... it turned out to be a dream. When she woke up, she found herself at the bottom of the cliff, right where she had fallen!
Lu Weng: Other than her medicine basket, now filled to the brim with rare herbs, it was as if nothing had happened, until out of nowhere...
Lu Weng: A horse's whinny echoed through the air, and when she looked up, she saw a pristine white horse leaping over the cliff.
Qiqi: A white horse... leaping over the cliff...
Paimon: Wow, that sure is a crazy story. But now it's starting to sound a bit too far-fetched...
Lu Weng: Hmph, another skeptic. You sound just like my son. But I know it's true... Ancestral records don't lie.
Yaoyao: Wait, so... Your son doesn't believe it happened?
Lu Weng: *sigh* Don't get me started. Not believing is one thing, but he even wants to change the name of our guesthouse! It's a disgrace, I tell you... a disgrace!
Traveler: Why does he want to change the name?
Lu Weng: Well, it was getting about time for him to take over the guesthouse, and what's the first thing he does? Starts going on about how the name doesn't attract enough customers, and how we're losing business to Wangshu Inn.
Lu Weng: Can you believe that? As if Baiju Guesthouse and Wangshu Inn aren't miles apart from each other!
Paimon: Oooh, what about something like... the "Geo Lord's Rest"? Paimon bets that would get people through the doors!
Qiqi: "Geo Lord's Rest"... I like that one...
Lu Weng: This isn't about getting people through the doors! This is about disrespecting our ancestors!
Lu Weng: *sigh* O White Horse Adeptus, my wish is this... Let your divine power be known. Teach my foolish son the error of his ways.
Paimon: Paimon wants to learn more about this adeptus... Hey, maybe we should ask Zhongli!
Yaoyao: Good idea! Mr. Zhongli is super knowledgeable. He can answer questions even Master has no clue about!
Traveler: Any idea where we can find him?
Yaoyao: Yeah! We just saw him having tea at Third-Round Knockout!
Paimon: Alright, then that's our next stop!
Yaoyao: Qiqi and I are gonna keep making Xiao Lanterns. Careful on the road!
Qiqi: #Goodbye, Paimon. Goodbye, Traveler.

## Talk 4 (alternative/additional)

(Go to Third-Round Knockout)

Qiqi: #Morning, split bamboo, Traveler...
Qiqi: Oh no, I got it wrong again.

## Talk 4 (alternative/additional)

(Go to Third-Round Knockout)

Lu Weng: May the White Horse Adeptus bless us and watch over our business.

## Talk 4 (alternative/additional)

(Go to Third-Round Knockout)

Yaoyao: Mr. Zhongli is having tea at Third-Round Knockout. Good luck!

## Talk 4

(Go to Third-Round Knockout)

Hu Tao: Oh!? Oh!?
Chongyun: Whoa...
Xingqiu: Curious...
Xiangling: Hehe, impressive, right?
Paimon: What's with all the commotion over here?
Xiangling: #Oh! Traveler and Paimon! Perfect timing, I have something amazing to show you!
Paimon: What is it?
Paimon: Huh!? What the— Part of the moon is blacked out! Was it really eaten by a giant toad!?
Xingqiu: Huh, I didn't expect you to know the story of Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer, Paimon.
Paimon: Don't underestimate Paimon! She learned a whole bunch of things in Sumeru!
Chongyun: But... Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer is a Liyue legend.
Paimon: Well... Knowledge knows no borders, so... there!
Hu Tao: You're right about that, Paimon. But this dark circle doesn't look anything like a toad to me. A toad's egg, maybe, but that's about it...
Hu Tao: #Wait, Traveler! You've been in Nod-Krai, right? The people there worship the Moon Goddess, so you should know what's going on here!
Traveler: This wasn't a thing in Nod-Krai either.
Hu Tao: Really? Not even in a place where people worship the moon, huh...
Traveler: But there's a celestial phenomenon called a lunar eclipse.
Xiangling: Oh, yeah! Master told me that the tale of Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer was how ancient people explained a certain celestial phenomenon.
Xingqiu: But what is it, exactly? Some kind of omen of disaster?
Traveler: Nope, just a natural phenomenon. But this lunar eclipse seems different.
Chongyun: How so?
Traveler: A lunar eclipse usually starts from the outer edge.
Hu Tao: Oh! But in this picture, the moon is being covered from the center! So, this can't be a normal eclipse...
Xingqiu: Then, it's still an omen of some impending calamity?
Paimon: We never said that!
Traveler: Where did this picture come from?
Xiangling: Ugh... Some crazy customer left it at the restaurant. Just thinking about it gives me the chills...

## Talk 5

(Some time earlier...)

Lu Xiangxiang (???): Attention, everyone! As the auspicious festival season approaches, I have an announcement to make!
Lu Xiangxiang: I, Lu Xiangxiang, am on the verge of becoming one of the most renowned archaeologists in all of Liyue Harbor. No, scratch that, in all of Teyvat!
Lu Xiangxiang: Even though I never trained at a prestigious academy, I've still managed to dig up tons of treasures! And I understand practically a whole dictionary's worth of big words, too!
Lu Xiangxiang: Like my pops always says, no pain no gain — and I haven't had it easy, that's for sure! So, it's definitely my turn to make a name for myself!
Curious Diner: What's the deal with her...
Curious Diner: Sounds like she's a few perches short of a stew, if you know what I mean...
Lu Xiangxiang: What, you don't believe me?
Lu Xiangxiang: I'm telling you, I dug up treasures from the ancient nation of Lang-Gan! I even got a picture of Zhanzhu devouring the moon!
Curious Diner: Lang-Gan? Zhanzhu? What is she even talking about?
Curious Diner: Sounds like she's a few perches short of a stew, if you know what I mean...
Lu Xiangxiang: So what if Black-Back Perch Stew is my favorite! Stop talking about me like I'm not here!
Curious Diner: Whoa... What are you doing?
Lu Xiangxiang: You're just a stupid, ignorant man, and I'm gonna... I'm gonna kill you!
Shenhe: Young lady, you need to calm down.
Lu Xiangxiang: What, so you're looking down on me now too? How about I take you both out, then? How does that sound?
Shenhe: This is a place for dining. If you wish to "take me out," you'll have to do it elsewhere.
Lu Xiangxiang: Heh, don't act like you're better than me! Do you know who I am? I'm about to be the most famous archaeologist in all of Liyue — no, Teyvat!
Lu Xiangxiang: Show me some respect!
Shenhe: It's respect you want? Very well. For the sake of the other customers, we'll do this your way.
Paimon: What!? So Shenhe started the fight?
Xiangling: She had no choice... The woman pulled a shovel out of nowhere and started going crazy, flipping tables left and right... She even injured two other customers.
Xiangling: Shenhe did what she had to do to restrain her, then took her to the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
Chongyun: Thank goodness Aunt Shenhe was there, or who knows what might have happened...
Xiangling: Yeah! I started cleaning up after all the commotion, and that's when I found this photo. I thought it might be the one she dropped, so I rushed over to show someone.
Xingqiu: She said she took a photo of Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer. This must be it.
Paimon: Can we really trust what she said, though? Clearly, something is... going on with her.
Hu Tao: Paimon's got a point. It sounds like she wasn't acting right at all. How do we know she wasn't possessed by some kind of evil spirit?
Chongyun: Aunt Shenhe would have noticed if she was possessed.
Hu Tao: Oh, right... But, what about the part about Lang-Gan? And the treasure she found?
Xingqiu: What about it?
Hu Tao: What if she raided a tomb and dug up some super special relic, then got herself haunted by an ancient ghost!
Hu Tao: One so powerful that even Ms. Shenhe couldn't sense its presence!
Xiangling: Your imagination is something else, Hu Tao! Why would an ancient ghost come to Wanmin Restaurant, huh? To eat my Black-Back Perch Stew?
Hu Tao: Hey, it could happen! I'd wanna eat your food if I was a ghost.
Paimon: Wait a second... She mentioned the ancient nation of Lang-Gan, right? Paimon's heard that somewhere before...
Xingqiu: You know what? My brother mentioned that some ancient artifacts were unearthed in Liyue recently — mostly colored glass, fine jade, and bronze relics.
Xingqiu: Some of the text inscribed on them has already been deciphered. There were some poetic verses, but the word "jade" popped up as well.
Paimon: So... does that mean this "Lang-Gan" place is real?
Paimon: #Still, Paimon knows we've heard the name somewhere before... Do you remember, Traveler?
Traveler: The owner of Baiju Guesthouse just mentioned it.
Paimon: Right! His ancestor heard about it from the White Horse Adeptus!
Xiangling: The White Horse Adeptus? Ohh, so you must've been to see the giant lantern already!
Paimon: Yep! And it turns out that the White Horse Adeptus is super mysterious, too. Even Madame Ping hasn't met her!
Hu Tao: Wait, I thought she was the Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare of the Eight Adepts?
Xingqiu: That's just the interpretation you believe in, Hu Tao — there are other theories out there too.
Xingqiu: The elders of Qingce Village believe that during the Archon War, a white horse leapt from a clear spring, transforming into an adeptus who aided Rex Lapis in battle.
Xingqiu: In Chenyu Vale, some of the tribes take her to be the Daughter of Time and trace her deeds to an even earlier era.
Xingqiu: Yet in other ancient texts, including the relics I just mentioned, she appears as an emissary who listens to mortal wishes, bestowing the blessings of the heavens and moon upon the mortal realm.
Xingqiu: Which is why we write our wishes on Xiao Lanterns.
Xiangling: That's so complicated... So, what's the verdict? Which version is the truth?
Xingqiu: I'm afraid there's no definitive answer to that.
Chongyun: You two have been all over Teyvat. Do you have an idea?
Paimon: Nope, sorry. We were actually on our way to ask Zhongli. He knows even more about this kind of stuff than us.
Hu Tao: Oh, looking for our consultant, huh! He's having tea with Miss Linlang — Xigu Antiques is hosting an exhibition tonight.
Paimon: An exhibition? For what?
Hu Tao: All those antiques Xingqiu just mentioned. So, if you head to the big ship docked in the harbor tonight, I'm sure you'll find him.
Traveler: Thanks, Hu Tao. We'll check it out.
Paimon: So where to next? How about we go to the Ministry of Civil Affairs to ask about the White Horse Adeptus? We might be able to find out more about the recent moon situation, too.
Xiangling: If you're heading to the Ministry of Civil Affairs, could you give them this picture for me?
Xiangling: Since it belongs to that customer, she deserves to get it back at least. It might even help the Ministry with their investigation.
Traveler: Of course. Let's go.
Paimon: Hah, alright! We're off!
Hu Tao: Oh wait, I almost forgot — Happy Lantern Rite, hehehe!
Xiangling: Come have a meal with us when you're free!
Paimon: We'll be there, or we'll be, uh... square!
Chongyun: Huh, thinking about it now... Could it be possible that photograph was a fake?
Xingqiu: A fake? You mean, like... the customer fabricated it to gain academic recognition?
Xiangling: Nice one, Chongyun! I never even thought of it like that.
Hu Tao: How about we go check out that place tonight? I know exactly where it is!
Chongyun: Alright.
Xingqiu: I'll get scolded if I get home too late.
Hu Tao: Live a little, Xingqiu! You act like this is a first for you. Worst comes to worst, we'll get Xiangling to cook you something delicious, okay?
Xingqiu: Well, when you put it like that... I suppose it's worth the risk!
Xiangling: You were just waiting for the promise of free food, weren't you... *sigh* Fine, it's a plan then. We'll meet up tonight!

## Talk 6

(Go to Yujing Terrace)

Ningguang: Your grandfather is of the same opinion, Miss Lan Yan?
Lan Yan: Yes. "On Lantern Rite, the moon shall go dark." That's what the signs are indicating.
Lan Yan: Celestial observation isn't Grandpa's strong suit, but he discussed it with several other elders from our clan, and their conclusion was the same.
Keqing: It's consistent with the information we've received from other sources as well.
Lan Yan: You mean the whole thing about the legend of "Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer" happening in real life?
Keqing: Yes, that's one of them...
Lan Yan: So it's true... I thought it was just a rumor.
Keqing: It's true. But right now, the bigger issue is that all our sources indicate the phenomenon's gonna happen again. I'm not sure this bodes well...
Ningguang: Let's remain optimistic for now. We're making progress interpreting the artifacts, and Ganyu is consulting with the adepti as we speak.
Ningguang: Besides, apart from the incident at Wanmin Restaurant, there haven't been any other moon-related disturbances.
Paimon: Ningguang, Keqing, and Lan Yan! You're all here!
Lan Yan: #Oh, Traveler and Paimon! It's been a while! Happy Lantern Rite!
Keqing: Yes, happy Lantern Rite! What brings you here, though? I thought you'd be in the harbor enjoying the Xiao Lanterns.
Ningguang: Hmm, you're certainly not the type to visit Yujing Terrace for no reason. Is there something I can help you with?
Paimon: What, we're not allowed to just drop in on our friends during the festive season?
Ningguang: I was only teasing. You're welcome to visit us anytime you wish. Happy Lantern Rite.
Traveler: Happy Lantern Rite!
Paimon: Oh, and about all the moon business you were just talking about... We have something to show you. Here, take a look.
Lan Yan: Whoa, something really did take a chunk out of the moon!
Ningguang: Someone managed to capture a picture of it? Is this... Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer, then?
Keqing: Even though we confirmed this event took place, I still can't quite believe what I'm seeing... Where did you get this picture?
Paimon: From Xiangling! She found it when she was cleaning up after that customer caused a scene. She thinks they must've dropped it.
Lan Yan: Wait, is this... Chiwang Terrace?
Traveler: Yeah, is something wrong?
Lan Yan: No, no, it's just... Where I'm from, it's said that Chiwang Terrace was where the ancient people of Chenyu Vale communicated with the heavens.
Lan Yan: And in this picture, the moon happens to be right above Chiwang Terrace. I was just surprised, that's all... It's probably just a coincidence.
Ningguang: That's interesting because... the ancient people of Chenyu Vale migrated there from the Chasm area.
Paimon: The Chasm? So that place is involved too?
Keqing: According to our investigation, that customer you just mentioned, Lu Xiangxiang... Her father and grandfather are merchants in Liyue Harbor, and her mother and grandmother grow tea in Qiaoying Village.
Keqing: A few days ago, she left her home in Qiaoying Village to join a civilian archaeological team funded by Huishan Hall, and ended up excavating some artifacts in the Chasm area.
Keqing: These artifacts were then entrusted to Xigu Antiques, and are set to be featured in an upcoming exhibition. Then, of course, the incident at Wanmin Restaurant occurred.
Keqing: We suspect something happened during the excavation that left her with quite the shock.
Ningguang: And now, it seems like she also went to Chiwang Terrace and took that picture of the moon disappearing.
Paimon: The Chasm... Chiwang Terrace... Things are getting pretty complicated!
Traveler: How's Lu Xiangxiang doing now?
Keqing: She's not in a good mental state, so we took her to Bubu Pharmacy to get some help.
Keqing: Why don't you come with me to check up on her? At this point, you seem invested in this case too.
Traveler: Gladly.
Keqing: Then let's head there now.

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Go to Bubu Pharmacy)

Ningguang: Hmm... Now that I see this picture, it looks less like a piece of the moon was eaten, and more like something is obscuring it...
Lan Yan: But what sort of thing could block out the moon?

## Talk 7

(Go to Bubu Pharmacy)

Baizhu: #Ah, Lady Yuheng. Oh, and Traveler and Paimon are here as well.
Baizhu (Changsheng): What a pleasant surprise. Happy Lantern Rite.
Traveler: Happy Lantern Rite.
Keqing: I hope we're not interrupting, Dr. Baizhu.
Baizhu: Not at all. I assume you're here to see the patient? Unless it's urgent, however, it would be best not to disturb her rest.
Traveler: Is her condition that bad?
Baizhu: It's quite unstable. She's even more agitated than when she first arrived, and she refused to cooperate when we tried to check her over.
Baizhu: I had no choice but to prescribe a calming draught and have her rest for two days.
Keqing: So she's getting worse? That isn't the news I was hoping for...
Baizhu: It's just a precaution. Based on an earlier conversation with her, it seemed more like a fixation than anything else. She hasn't lost her mind.
Baizhu (Changsheng): That's right. When we asked about it, she kept insisting she was going to be famous far and wide.
Paimon: Well, it might not be "far and wide," but she's certainly made a name for herself around Yujing Terrace... Even some of the Qixing know who she is!
Traveler: Have you ever seen something like this, Baizhu?
Baizhu: Not often, that's for certain. From my initial assessment, the patient appears to have experienced some sort of shock, and whatever it was seems to still be haunting her.
Keqing: But, what could have caused such a thing...? The relics from The Chasm? Or the moon above Chiwang Terrace that night?
Baizhu: Come back in two days, and you might just have your answer.
Keqing: I suppose that's all we can do for now. We'll take our leave then, Dr. Baizhu.
Baizhu: Of course. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to stop by.
Paimon: Speaking of those relics from The Chasm, aren't they being featured in an exhibition tonight?
Keqing: That's right. Are you planning to attend?
Paimon: Yeah! We wanted to have a talk with Zhongli anyway, and now Paimon's even more curious about these relics!
Traveler: Would you like to tag along?
Keqing: Haha, I would, except every item in the exhibition had to be registered with the Ministry of Civil Affairs, so I'm afraid it's been spoiled for me. I reviewed them all myself.
Keqing: There are some rather peculiar artifacts, that's for certain. We're still working on decoding the ancient text that appears on them.
Paimon: Yeah, the word "jade" appears a whole bunch, doesn't it?
Keqing: Huh? How did you know?
Paimon: Xingqiu told us! He said there were some ancient poems on them too.
Keqing: He's quite well-informed, isn't he? Well, he's right. We believe they're direct references to the ancient nation of Lang-Gan.
Keqing: As for the other text... Instead of regular poetry, it seems to be more like ceremonial language used to worship the moon and the gods.
Paimon: The moon and the gods...
Keqing: Well, looks like it's almost time for the exhibition. You two should head over.
Keqing: There's an usher at the harbor who will lead you to the venue.
Traveler: Do we need an invitation?
Keqing: Not at all. The exhibition is free to the public. The people of Liyue have a great respect for our history and are eager to learn from it.
Keqing: Plus, the exhibition is being organized by Linlang, the owner of Xigu Antiques.
Keqing: As far as I know, it's been a long-time goal of hers to hold a cultural exhibition of this scale, where people can learn all sorts of information about the past.
Paimon: Guess we're in for a real treat tonight, then!
Keqing: Yes, have a great time. There's still more artifact-decoding work I need to finish, so we'll have to part ways here.
Keqing: After seeing the picture you brought, there's a few ideas I'd like to follow up on.
Paimon: You're hard at work even during festival season, huh... You haven't changed one bit, Keqing.
Keqing: I'm simply fulfilling the responsibilities of my position, that's all.
Keqing: Alright, I should get going. See you later!
Paimon: Well, guess we should head over to the harbor and find that usher!

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the exhibition)

Baizhu: If you're looking to talk to Lu Xiangxiang, you should come back in two days.

## Talk 8

(Go to the exhibition)

Manmu: Ah, here for the exhibition? I can take you aboard.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Yes, please.
> Manmu: After you.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'll come back later.
> Manmu: Of course. I'll be here.


## Talk 9

(Go to the exhibition)

Paimon: Whoa, look at all the antiques on this ship! It's almost too much to take in!
Traveler: Keep an eye out for Zhongli.
Zhongli: Greetings. I trust you've been well since last we met.
Paimon: Aha, speak of the devil! You're right where Hu Tao said you'd be!
Zhongli: Ah, so Director Hu gave me away, did she...
Paimon: Don't act like you're up to some super secret business. We know you just do whatever you feel like...
Beidou: #Yo, Traveler, Paimon! What's up!
Yun Jin: It's been a while, you two! Happy Lantern Rite!
Paimon: Beidou! Yun Jin! It's great to see you! You're here for the exhibition too?
Yun Jin: Yes! When I heard these artifacts were from ancient times, I just knew I had to come learn more about them. I mean, what a discovery, right?
Beidou: Yeah, Ningguang pretty much said the same thing. She thought coming here might help "culture" me up, or something.
Beidou: But as you know, I'm more of a fists and punches type of person. I doubt one exhibition is gonna change that, haha...
Yun Jin: You're too modest, Captain. You're the leader of the Crux Fleet. That takes far more skill than just fists and punches.
Paimon: Plus, at the end of the day, you still decided to come, even though you didn't have to listen to Ningguang.
Beidou: Heh, well she's the Tianquan. If she can't even get an average ship captain like me to do her bidding, how's that gonna look?
Paimon: You sure know how to think from her perspective, huh...
Beidou: Haha, I guess I do. Anyway, how's everyone enjoying the exhibition?
Beidou: I heard that if you see something you like, you can negotiate the price with the owner and take it home.
Paimon: Wait, so we can buy this stuff?
Zhongli: Indeed. Although Xigu Antiques is hosting this exhibition, many of the items come from private collectors. As long as both parties reach an agreement, you can make an offer of Mora or an equivalent trade.
Zhongli: Well, shall we continue our conversation as we look around?
Paimon: Let's go! Paimon's super curious about all this stuff!

## Objective 10

(Browse at the exhibition)


## Talk 11

(Browse at the exhibition)

Paimon: Whoa, look at this painting! There's a huge toad on it! Could it be...
Yun Jin: Huh, this material is quite unusual — it doesn't look like paper. More like silk or some other kind of fabric.
Beidou: Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.
Zhongli: Heh, well-spotted. This is a painting of Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer, made primarily with mulberry silk. Such craftsmanship is rarely seen in modern-day Liyue.
Paimon: Hah, Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer! Paimon knew it! That toad made it super obvious.
Beidou: What's that? A new dish at Wanmin Restaurant?
Paimon: No, hehehe... It's a kind of lunar eclipse! You heard about how the moon disappeared recently, right?
Beidou: Oh, yeah... You're saying a toad did that?
Paimon: That's what the legend says!
Beidou: Hah, so nothing to do with food, then. Noted.
Yun Jin: And the figure next to the toad... Is that the White Horse Adeptus? From the stories I've heard, her palace lies on the moon.
Zhongli: That would seem to be a logical assumption.
Traveler: Was this excavated from The Chasm?
Zhongli: No. In fact, this item was discovered in Chenyu Vale, and many years ago at that.
Paimon: Oh, so it's from Chenyu Vale?
Zhongli: Actually, that's not quite right. You see, this painting is primarily comprised of mineral-based pigments such as cinnabar and azurite, which are usually found within stratified rock.
Zhongli: This suggests its place of origin may very well have been The Chasm.
Paimon: You could have just started with that!
Yun Jin: You're as knowledgeable as ever, Mr. Zhongli. I had only ever heard the legend of Zhanzhu the Moon-Devourer, but now seeing it depicted in this painting, I wonder...
Yun Jin: If I purchased it, perhaps it could serve as inspiration for a new opera. Though I'm not quite sure who the painting belongs to right now...
Zhongli: A splendid idea, Ms. Yun. Perhaps, in lieu of Mora, you could offer the lyrics to said opera as recompense?
Yun Jin: The lyrics? But, to whom...?
Zhongli: Why, to me of course. I am the owner of this painting, after all.
Paimon: Wait, so you're one of the private collectors at the exhibition? No wonder you knew so much about the painting...
Yun Jin: But... lyrics in exchange for a precious antique? My work could never possibly be of equal value.
Beidou: Mm, I don't know about that. I'm not much of a scholar, but even I know your operas are in a league of their own.
Zhongli: An astute observation, Captain Beidou. In my possession, this painting is nothing but a lifeless artifact.
Zhongli: In your hands, however, it could be transformed into a new piece of art entirely. Quite the worthy exchange, no?
Yun Jin: But I'm not sure when I'll be able to finish writing it. It certainly won't be ready this year...
Zhongli: Allow me to be equally forthright, Ms. Yun — this silk painting is merely a copy I made of the original work. There is no need for such concern over its value.
Paimon: Huh? So it's a fake!?
Yun Jin: I had no idea you were such a skilled artist, Mr. Zhongli. I pride myself on having some knowledge of antiques, but I didn't notice anything that would point to it being a replica.
Beidou: Hahaha! You never cease to amaze me, Mr. Zhongli.
Zhongli: You flatter me. All that said, Ms. Yun, you must accept. Truly, I insist.
Paimon: Hmph... He's gone from handing out fake Mora to fake paintings now, huh...
Traveler: Shh...
Yun Jin: Your kindness is impossible to refuse, Mr. Zhongli. Rest assured, I'll be sure to return the favor.
Zhongli: I shall look forward to it.
Beidou: Man, that was quite the find. Heh, I should buy something too, if only so I can show it off to Ningguang.
Paimon: Hehe, let's keep going and see what we can find!

## Talk 12

(Browse at the exhibition)

Beidou: Wow, this bronze war chariot is really something.
Yun Jin: Hmm, it must have quite the story behind it. I've never seen anything like it before.
Paimon: Do you know what this is, Zhongli?
Zhongli: Ah, I heard from Miss Linlang that a carriage made of celadon jade was unearthed in The Chasm.
Zhongli: A copper canopy, a body adorned with flowing clouds and geometric patterns... Yes, this must be the one. A precious piece indeed.
Beidou: This thing's gotta be thousands of years old, right? Crazy to think people back then were capable of such intricate metalwork.
Zhongli: Too often, we view the past and future through the lens of the present. Objects that fascinated us as children seem crude later in life, and that's only after a few decades or so of separation.
Zhongli: If one were to stretch time across hundreds or thousands of years... one might discover that time is not always a force that pushes things forward.
Yun Jin: It would seem the people of that era managed to create a remarkable civilization in their own right.
Beidou: Heh, makes me wanna get my hands on this even more. Ningguang's gonna be so jealous, don't you think?
Linlang: Ah, has this war chariot caught your eye, Captain Beidou?
Beidou: Oh, you must be Linlang from Xigu Antiques. Nice to meet you! This exhibition has been amazing so far.
Linlang: Well, that's all thanks to supportive patrons like you, and Mr. Zhongli of course.
Linlang: As for this war chariot, it was discovered by an archaeological team sponsored by Huishan Hall. The price comes in at 90 million Mora.
Paimon: H—How much!?
Beidou: Ninety million? Ha! Looks like my eyes were a bit too big for my wallet...
Zhongli: Hmm... Quite a bargain.
Paimon: A bargain!? 90 million Mora could feed Paimon for like... a thousand years!
Yun Jin: Heh, and if you actually went on an eating spree that long, perhaps you'd be considered an antique worth that kind of Mora too.
Paimon: What, 90 million? Nuh-uh, Paimon's worth way more than that!
Beidou: Hahaha, well if Mr. Zhongli thinks it's a good deal, I'm sure it's worth it.
Paimon: Beidou's putting way too much faith in Zhongli. What if he's only here to drive up sales!?
Traveler: Shh.
Beidou: I'll take the chariot, Miss Linlang. Someone will come by with the payment.
Linlang: Quite the discerning eye you have, Captain. After the exhibition ends, I'll have someone deliver it to The Alcor.
Beidou: Actually, could you send it straight to Yujing Terrace? I'd like for the Tianquan to see the proof of my "discerning eye" for herself.
Linlang: Hehe, understood.
Beidou: Great, Yun Jin and I both found something. What about you three? Wanna keep perusing?
Beidou: Don't worry about the Mora — it's all on me. Nobody's going home empty-handed tonight!
Zhongli: I appreciate your kindness, Captain, but I'm afraid I have some private matters to discuss with Miss Linlang.
Beidou: In that case, don't let us keep you, Mr. Zhongli.
Linlang: Right this way.
Zhongli: #Traveler, Paimon, perhaps you would like to accompany me.
Paimon: What, so you can show us another "bargain" antique that's so far out of our price range it's not even funny?
Yun Jin: Other people are always demanding Mr. Zhongli's time, but it's quite rare for him to extend an invitation himself. I wouldn't pass up this opportunity if I were you, Paimon.
Beidou: Yeah! Just don't forget to come aboard The Alcor for a drink later.
Traveler: We should at least check it out.
Paimon: Yeah, guess you're right. Taking a quick look isn't gonna cost us anything. Let's go!

## Talk 13

(Accompany Zhongli to browse further at the exhibition)

Linlang: These are all the jade pieces that were found, Mr. Zhongli.
Paimon: Wow, so many styles! What kind are these?
Zhongli: These are a type of ceremonial jade. You're familiar with Chenyu Vale's Rainjade Rite, yes?
Paimon: Oh, yeah! So these pieces are all used in the Rainjade ceremony?
Zhongli: Well, you may not know, Paimon, but before the "Rainjade Rite" came into practice, Chenyu Vale was known for a different ceremonial tradition that also involved jade.
Zhongli: The Bi is used to honor Heaven, the Cong to honor Earth, the Gui to honor the East, the Zhang to honor the South, the Hu to honor the West, and the Huang to honor the North. These form the Six Ritual Jades.
Zhongli: It's unfortunate, however, that Miss Linlang's set is missing both the Gui and Hu pieces.
Linlang: I know. These jade artifacts are from such an ancient time, it's proved difficult to track them down, even for our establishment.
Zhongli: No matter. You happen to have precisely the piece I was looking for.
Linlang: Huh? This broken jade token? I didn't expect this to catch your eye, Mr. Zhongli. It isn't one of the Six Ritual Jades.
Traveler: What is it?
Zhongli: An effect belonging to an old acquaintance of mine...
Linlang: An old acquaintance? One of your collector friends, Mr. Zhongli?
Zhongli: #Heh, you could say that. Traveler, take a closer look.
Paimon: Huh, it doesn't look all that special to Paimon. Just seems like a broken artifact.
Traveler: There's a crescent moon.
Zhongli: Indeed. It's been thousands of years since the moon has appeared in such a form.
Linlang: So, in the past, the moon wasn't always full? Then... Could this missing chunk be from when Zhanzhu devoured part of the moon?
Zhongli: Mmm... It's worth looking into.
Linlang: Your insight is invaluable, Mr. Zhongli. I had no idea how special this piece was.
Linlang: Since it has caught your interest, allow Xigu Antiques to cover the cost.
Zhongli: That is far too generous, Miss Linlang.
Linlang: Not at all. I've always wanted to give people a chance to appreciate these snapshots of history, so holding an exhibition like this has been a lifetime wish of mine.
Linlang: And it never would have been possible without your help, Mr. Zhongli.
Zhongli: I merely put in a good word with a few acquaintances of mine.
Linlang: And it had a profound impact. Without your recommendation, I doubt half of these collectors would have come to the exhibition. So, on both a personal and professional level, I owe you my thanks, Mr. Zhongli.
Paimon: Wow, Zhongli actually did something useful for once...

## Objective 14

(Accompany Zhongli to browse further at the exhibition)


## Talk 15

(The stagnant, foreign land...)

Traveler: (What just happened? How did I get here...?)
Traveler: (That light ahead looks like it could be an exit... I should check it out.)

## Objective 16

(Approach the distant ball of light)


## Talk 17

(Approach the distant ball of light)

Ziju (???): Eleven... Thirteen... Seventeen...
Traveler: Who said that?
Ziju (???): Nineteen... Twenty-three... Twenty-nine...
Traveler: Thirty-one?
Ziju (???): ...
Ziju (???): You also enjoy counting in such a fashion, lost child?
Ziju (???): Hm, the same loneliness as them... It seems to exist in your heart as well.
Traveler: Who are you?
Ziju (???): Me...? I'm sorry, I... don't remember.
Traveler: ...What is this place?
Ziju (???): ...The shadow of the moon? Or... a dream of time?
Ziju (???): I'm sorry, no one has asked me such things before. I've been here for so long, there is much I have forgotten...
Traveler: Did you bring me here?
Ziju (???): I know nothing of your arrival. All I know is the longing in people's hearts...
Ziju (???): Yet... I sense the moonlight's guidance within you, child. Perhaps that is what brought you here.
Traveler: (The moonlight's guidance... Does she mean... Columbina?)
Ziju (???): You seem confused. Perhaps I can help in some way.
Traveler: How do I get out of here?
Ziju (???): The path home is... that direction. I believe someone told me that before...
Ziju (???): ...But I was never able to reach the end.
Ziju (???): You should take a look.
Traveler: How about we go together?
Ziju (???): No need. It would seem... my time has already run out.
Ziju (???): Farewell. May the moonlight ever shine upon you.

## Talk 18

(Accompany Zhongli to browse further at the exhibition)

Paimon: Wow, Zhongli actually did something useful for once...
Traveler: (I'm... back?)
Zhongli: #Your complexion looks rather ashen, Traveler. Are you feeling alright?
Paimon: Yeah! What's wrong? Does your stomach hurt?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I just met the strangest person...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I was just in the strangest place...

Paimon: Huh? What are you talking about? You were right here the whole time...
Zhongli: Ah... I see...
Zhongli: #I'm afraid we must take our leave, Miss Linlang. My friend has taken ill, and I must escort him to get some rest.
Linlang: Of course.
Zhongli: #Traveler, Paimon, please come with me.
Zhongli: Ah, yes, regarding the payment for the jade token — charge the expense to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, if you would.

## Objective 19

(Leave the exhibition)


## Talk 20

(Some time earlier...)

Hu Tao: ...Ahhchoo!
Hu Tao: Guess someone's thinking of me, hehe. Huh, but this late at night?
Xiangling: Must be that consultant of yours! I bet he's out there spending all your Mora at the exhibition.
Hu Tao: Aiya, he'd be the perfect employee if he just knew how to rein in the spending. But never mind him, let's focus on the moon! We gotta see if it gets eaten tonight!
Chongyun: I don't think it's going to happen. We've been out here all night, and the moon's the same as ever.
Xingqiu: It is quite late, and Chongyun's getting tired.
Xingqiu: How about we head back? We can come back another time.
Hu Tao: Head back? Already?
Xiangling: Actually, I do have a new dish I'm testing out tomorrow, and as part of my New Year's resolution, I'm trying not to oversleep.
Hu Tao: Alright, alright. Guess it just wasn't meant to be. Let's go.
Hu Tao: When the sun's out, bathe in sunlight. When the moon's out, bathe in moonlight~

## Talk 21

(Talk to Zhongli)

Paimon: Wait, weren't we going to rest? Why did you bring us here?
Zhongli: #Because I imagine Traveler would like to know what just happened to him.
Paimon: Oh right. Ugh, Paimon's confused though. She could've sworn you were there the whole time!
Black Screen Text: You explain your mysterious encounter in that strange space.
Paimon: H—How is that possible?
Zhongli: #It sounds like his spirit formed an inexplicable connection with the being in that space.
Traveler: Was it the White Horse Adeptus?
Zhongli: Ah, you suspected from the beginning, didn't you? Indeed, the being you met is the fabled White Horse Adeptus, and the original owner of this jade token. Her name is Zibai.
Paimon: Wait, does that mean... she's inside this token!?
Zhongli: No, she does not reside within this token, but rather... within the moon's shadow. This token is merely a medium.
Traveler: The moon's shadow? What do you mean?
Zhongli: Word has it, you accomplished quite the feat in Nod-Krai. You and your friend... brought the Frost Moon back to Teyvat.
Zhongli: Tell me, did you ever wonder about the other moon, the one that hung in its place for thousands of years?
Paimon: We never really thought about it, but... it must have been a fake, right? A fake moon!
Zhongli: Indeed, it was false — its true nature nothing but a projection of the moon. It also happens to be the prison that confines Zibai to this day.
Paimon: Wait, the White Horse Adeptus is trapped inside that projection!? Then, we need to rescue her!
Paimon: But... the moon in the sky right now is the real one, right? Where did the fake moon go, and why can't Paimon see it?
Zhongli: With the return of the true moon, the shadow naturally lost its place in the heavens. Now, it is disintegrating bit by bit. It's a process that comes and goes.
Zhongli: When it occurs, it looks like the moon is being obscured by a black shadow. But when it stops, the shadow disappears and becomes invisible to the eye.
Paimon: ...So you're saying there's an invisible fake moon blocking the real moon, right now?
Traveler: So, the recent lunar eclipse... It was the fake moon, wasn't it?
Zhongli: Indeed.
Paimon: Okay, this is not what Paimon was expecting!
Traveler: You said it's disintegrating. When will there be nothing left?
Zhongli: My hypothesis is that people's wishes could be what trigger the periods of disintegration. After all, when you experienced that episode just now, it was precisely when Miss Linlang spoke of her own wish.
Paimon: Wait, is that because the White Horse Adeptus answers people's wishes? The legend must be true, then.
Paimon: So, that means the more wishes we make, the faster the fake moon will disintegrate, right? Then it won't be long before the White Horse Adeptus is free!
Zhongli: Quite the contrary. After countless years trapped inside, the two have merged into one. When the moon's shadow is gone, Zibai will cease to exist in this world.
Paimon: Oh no... So, by bringing the moon back, we actually... hurt the White Horse Adeptus!?
Zhongli: Do not burden yourself with such thoughts. Because of your actions, a promising opportunity has presented itself to us — let us not forget, what is crumbling is also precisely that which imprisons her.
Traveler: So there's still a way to fix this?
Zhongli: Yes, and that is why I invited you here tonight. Your connection to that broken jade token confirms that you can do what I envision.
Zhongli: However, while I had hoped to receive your assistance, this matter could have significant ramifications...
Zhongli: I must admit a certain... reluctance to implicate you in more of Teyvat's secrets. Often, the deeper one's knowledge of such matters, the harder it becomes to extricate oneself from them.
Zhongli: You are someone who once traveled through the boundless sea of stars. I cannot help but wonder... Perhaps it is wrong for your fate to become too entangled with the fate of any one world...

Option 1:

> Traveler: I already know a bunch of secrets.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'm already deeply connected to Teyvat.

Zhongli: Hmm... Such is your conviction, then. Since journeying beyond Liyue, you have had ample time to reflect on these matters, it would seem.
Traveler: Yes. So, tell me what I need to do.
Zhongli: Very well. The first secret I must reveal is that Zibai has long since passed away. The being within the shadowmoon is merely one of the Three Deadly Selves she severed before her death.
Paimon: Wait, the White Horse Adeptus is dead!? Weren't you supposed to tell us how to fix this? Now, it just seems even more impossible...
Zhongli: Please remain calm, Paimon, and allow me to explain.
Zhongli: The Three Deadly Selves is a practice used by those engaged in spiritual cultivation. The intent is to sever the three vice-laden mortal selves to reveal one's true, pure self beneath. However, Zibai's Three Selves are more complicated in nature.
Zhongli: Because in the moment before her death, someone preserved the shattered essence of her soul, and placed the fragments within her Three Deadly Selves.
Zhongli: If we retrieve the three fragments of her soul, there is a chance we can restore her presence in the mortal realm.
Paimon: So that means... we can bring her back to life!?
Zhongli: Yes, provided we retrieve the fragments of her soul's essence from the Three Deadly Selves.
Traveler: I'm guessing I just met one of them.
Zhongli: Indeed. The being you encountered was Zibai's First Deadly Self, Ziju. After Zibai's death, she ascended to the heavens and became one with the shadowmoon.
Zhongli: The essence that resides within her is a Heavenly Soul, also known as Taiguang. Thus, this Self is the closest to Zibai's true nature.
Zhongli: That said, because she is trapped within the shadowmoon, we have no choice but to seek out the other two soul essences first. Then, we can unite them as one.
Traveler: Okay, so... where are the other two?
Zhongli: Her Second Deadly Self is called Zizhi. After Zibai's death, she fell into a slumber deep beneath the earth in what is now known as The Chasm.
Zhongli: The essence within her is the Earth Soul, also known as Shuangling. She is the Self that inherited most of Zibai's memories and wisdom.
Paimon: The Chasm... So, do we have to go there to find her?
Zhongli: That won't be necessary. I sensed her presence on the jade carriage from earlier, the one at the exhibition.
Zhongli: It's possible the return of the Frost Moon awakened her, and she emerged from the Chasm alongside that batch of ancient artifacts.
Paimon: Wait, that must be why you agreed to help with the exhibition... To investigate the artifacts!
Zhongli: Indeed. So in truth, Miss Linlang was the one who helped me.
Traveler: What about the last Deadly Self?
Zhongli: The Third Deadly Self is Zijiao. The essence within her is the Human Soul — also known as Youjing, Zibai's shade. Thus, she is the most free-spirited among the three.
Zhongli: She lent me her aid during the Archon War a thousand years ago. But later, as her powers waned, she retreated into the mountains.
Zhongli: I imagine finding Zijiao should prove the most troublesome, so I shall take it upon myself to track her down.
Paimon: So we need to find the Second Deadly Self, right? But where do we even start?
Zhongli: Locating her should not prove difficult. In life, Zibai was fond of mortals, and as the Self who inherited most of her memories and wisdom, Ziju should be the same.
Zhongli: It's possible she has possessed someone and is meandering the bustling streets of Liyue Harbor as we speak.
Paimon: #Possessed someone? Wait... Are you thinking what Paimon's thinking, Traveler?
Traveler: The customer who caused a scene at Wanmin Restaurant.
Hu Tao: What if she raided a tomb and dug up some super special relic, then got herself haunted by an ancient ghost!
Paimon: Exactly! Lu Xiangxiang!
Zhongli: It seems you have a lead in mind already.
Paimon: She'd still be at Bubu Pharmacy! She was super agitated when she first got there, so Baizhu gave her some calming medicine and told us to come back in two days.
Paimon: Do you think it could be her, Zhongli?
Zhongli: It's quite possible. The Deadly Selves are impure beings that can easily influence mortal minds...
Traveler: Let's start our investigation there in two days.
Zhongli: A sound plan. Well, I should get started on my own investigation, then.
Paimon: Wha— You're leaving already?
Zhongli: I must. Zijiao went into hiding after the Archon War. If I am to have any success tracking her down — and there is no guarantee — I should start sooner rather than later.
Paimon: But there's still so much you haven't told us... Like who the White Horse Adeptus actually is, and how she died in the first place...
Paimon: Not to mention who it was that preserved the fragments of her soul...
Zhongli: Should our endeavor prove successful, then naturally, those answers will follow. If not, speaking of them would be rather meaningless.
Paimon: ...
Traveler: The one who preserved her soul's essence... Was it you?
Zhongli: ...It would seem that this is a question you are unwilling to set aside. Very well, I shall tell you.
Zhongli: ...It was the avatar of Time.
Traveler: Istaroth!?
Zhongli: Ah, so you know of her existence.
Paimon: The Ruler of Time saved her soul...
Zhongli: Indeed. Preserving what remained of Zibai's soul in the moment before her death... Only the power of time could be capable of such a thing.
Zhongli: However, there is no telling what effect it has had on the Three Deadly Selves. In other words, you must exercise caution when seeking out Zizhi.
Traveler: How much time do we have?
Zhongli: On the night of Lantern Rite, countless Xiao Lanterns — and the wishes written upon them — will be released into the sky. I estimate that this event will trigger the shadowmoon's collapse.
Zhongli: When that happens, the cage that confines the First Deadly Self will open. That is our moment to act, but also the moment where all could be lost.
Zhongli: For if we fail to retrieve the other two soul fragments in time, Zibai's resurrection is hopeless.
Traveler: Understood.
Zhongli: As I mentioned before, the answers to your remaining question should come in time, providing our efforts bear fruit.
Zhongli: Let us hope that all proceeds smoothly in the days to come.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Lin Xing: The patient is resting. No disturbances, please.

### Additional Talk 2

Wu Wu: The patient is resting. No disturbances, please.

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Paimon: Looks like it's time for Lantern Rite again! Let's find some time to visit Liyue Harbor!

### Free Talk 2

Ziju (???): Three... Five... Seven...