(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1023)

# Apocalypse


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): This place looks deserted... Guess all the survivors must have evacuated already. All that's left here are signs of devastation...

Unknown Role (None): Could Furina really be here? Let's try to find her as soon as possible.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): *panting* Phew... Paimon's exhausted...

Unknown Role (None): *panting* Phew... I'm so tired... I totally thought they had caught me...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, no, I mean, I nearly gave in to the sheer enthusiasm they displayed... Hahaha...

Unknown Role (None): This place is not what I'd call soundproof.

Unknown Role (None): You might want to lower your voice to stay hidden.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... you're right.

Unknown Role (None): Yep, that's a good girl.

Unknown Role (None): Huuuuuuuuuuuuh!?

Unknown Role (None): What's happening? The ground's shaking... Is it an earthquake?

Unknown Role (None): Another disaster just struck, I suspect.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, a quake of this kind preceded the flooding in Poisson, didn't it?

Unknown Role (None): It can't be... It's happening again...?

Unknown Role (None): Well, there's no need to worry too much about that! Neuvillette's made some emergency plans, so the evacuation should go a lot smoother this time.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... I hope you're right.

Unknown Role (None): But the people of Poisson... They've already...

Unknown Role (None): (Has Furina finally reached her limit? Now that she's talking about her actual feelings, she's starting to look far less stiff...)

Unknown Role (None): You begin to talk amongst yourselves as Furina slowly calms down...

Unknown Role (None): ...It's true. I've been investigating the prophecy for hundreds of years.

Unknown Role (None): I once had informants all over Teyvat, searching for clues and feeding information back to me.

Unknown Role (None): I've tried all kinds of ways, too, to hold back the sea. Anything to keep the coastline from advancing...

Unknown Role (None): But all my efforts proved to be futile in the end. Really, the truth has been clear to me for a very long time...

Unknown Role (None): We cannot make an enemy of the divine. No matter what we do, the will of the Heavenly Principles will have its way, and the prophecy shall be fulfilled...

Unknown Role (None): But even then...

Unknown Role (None): You still haven't given up, right?

Unknown Role (None): Give up? Ahh... I do love the sound of that phrase. It would mean finally coming to terms with fate, but also... for me to finally be free.

Unknown Role (None): But that would also mean that all hope would disappear.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed... I've thought about giving up so many times. Especially after we almost lost Poisson...

Unknown Role (None): Fate is really unreasonable, isn't it? It has no heart, and obeys no rules. The prophecy has only just started to come true, and so many people have already lost their lives...

Unknown Role (None): But just now... It all became clear to me. I still don't have the right to come to terms with fate on behalf of everyone else...

Unknown Role (None): As long as the final moment hasn't come, it's still not too late...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. I... I will keep hope alive for everyone until the very end.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Well! That's enough for now. I got the impulse to play the stricken maiden, but honestly, considering my rank and station, that wasn't a good fit at all, hehehe...

Unknown Role (None): Don't take any of what I just said seriously! How could I possibly let Fontaine fall to the whims of trivial prophecy?

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, Paimon could've sworn you were actually being honest just now...

Unknown Role (None): (We're running out of time... We can't just go back to square one like this. I have to get more information out of her...)

Unknown Role (None): Furina...

Unknown Role (None): Furina... You might not have to shoulder this burden alone.

Unknown Role (None): Although I don't know what you might be keeping from everyone...

Unknown Role (None): Your people are more than willing to share your burden with you.

Unknown Role (None): Share my burden...

Unknown Role (None): That's impossible. It was fated, right from the start, that this would be my duty alone.

Unknown Role (None): But even if your burden doesn't need to be shared...

Unknown Role (None): You can still choose to confide in someone.

Unknown Role (None): Just share it with me. I'm what you'd call a "witness."

Unknown Role (None): A witness... Ah, yes. I've heard that you came to Teyvat from beyond the stars, yes? In other words, you never belonged here...

Unknown Role (None): And if Teyvat is, in its entirety, a show on a stage, then you're just a "spectator," aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): If that's the case...

Unknown Role (None): (There's no time left... Please, Furina, just spit it out!)

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Ladies and gentlemen... this concludes my opening performance.

Unknown Role (None): Now, without further ado... we may proceed to the trial of our god.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so this is what it is. Yes... You deserve praise for the effort you took to raise the dramatic stakes.

Unknown Role (None): Do not forget, however, that I am Focalors, the God of Justice — the embodiment of justice itself. Does it not strike you as even the least bit absurd to bring the very concept of justice to trial?

Unknown Role (None): May I interpret these words... as your refusal to stand trial?

Unknown Role (None): In that case, you will have the opportunity to defend your honor through a duel.

Unknown Role (None): You... You would draw your blade against a god?

Unknown Role (None): I see... It seems like you have made up your mind.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can't believe it... She... She just surrendered!?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): What the heck is going on? Did I just see an Archon surrender to a human?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, how utterly humiliating...

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina, what is the meaning of this?

Unknown Role (None): Shh!

Unknown Role (None): It would seem that there has been a misunderstanding. To be clear, the raising of both hands is not always an indication of surrender...

Unknown Role (None): Looking for excuses again, huh?

Unknown Role (None): ...I raised my hands just now to indicate my acceptance of the trial. No duel shall be necessary.

Unknown Role (None): I will admit that I've been running away for a long time.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, everyone. I was unable to protect the people of Poisson... It is my duty to stand trial for my crimes.

Unknown Role (None): You are not the only ones to be disappointed in me. I, too, am exceedingly disappointed in myself.

Unknown Role (None): Whew... But now, it is time for the Hydro Archon to show you her courage and resolve!

Unknown Role (None): I, Furina, will use this trial to show the world the true meaning of justice!

Unknown Role (None): (This time... I will protect you.)

Unknown Role (None): Applaud and rejoice! One of the most outrageous and fantastical arcs known to the Opera Epiclese is now unfolding before your eyes!

Unknown Role (None): Mark my words — this shall be one of the most exhilarating and brilliant shows ever to grace the stage of Fontaine! The trial of the Hydro Archon, Focalors, will now begin!

Unknown Role (None): Woohoo!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, now we're making history!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*...

Unknown Role (None): Why does it feel like Furina just took over the whole thing... Like c'mon, didn't she just get forced to stand trial for her crimes?

Unknown Role (None): Also, even though she's still acting super dramatic, she is taking this seriously this time, right?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then... Who will be my opponent in this trial?

Unknown Role (None): The court asks the prosecutor to please take the stand.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Your Honor.

Unknown Role (None): Is that so... Very well. Then please speak, witness of Teyvat, my accuser and fated opponent.

Unknown Role (None): (We were so close to getting her to tell us the truth... And it still turned out like this in the end.)

Unknown Role (None): (It's okay, though. As long as we can defeat Furina in court, we'll still have a chance to figure everything out.)

Unknown Role (None): Also, please allow me to ask, as the final question before the trial begins...

Unknown Role (None): Just how much work did you do to force me onto this stage?

Unknown Role (None): Well... We did do a lot of prep after the meeting that day...

Unknown Role (None): I can go over the tasks assigned to the Spina di Rosula, since they were rather straightforward and easy.

Unknown Role (None): Navia, the President of the Spina di Rosula...

Unknown Role (None): Most of the people who participated in the disturbance this morning were my subordinates.

Unknown Role (None): They changed into plain clothes, and came to the opera house as regular audience members, waiting for the perfect opportunity to incite insurrection against you.

Unknown Role (None): The people's resentment against their Archon has been building as more and more of the prophecy is fulfilled. A spark was all we needed to turn smoldering anger into a flame.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, according to our understanding and analysis of you, when something like that occurred, you would likely flee the scene and head to Poisson by yourself.

Unknown Role (None): So, we arranged for a second group to lie in wait there...

Unknown Role (None): So, you mean... The ones who scoured the settlement for me were also from the Spina...

Unknown Role (None): And their goal was to force you to step into the Giant Magic Box, so you may personally participate in the greatest magic performance in all of Fontainian history.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. That house was a magic box, rather than someone's residence.

Unknown Role (None): As the "Super Ultimate" version of the setup that I used when I first performed at the Opera Epiclese...

Unknown Role (None): The volume of the box was increased by a whole order of magnitude, and the distance it traversed was the entire gap between Poisson and Erinnyes. Its cargo, of course...

Unknown Role (None): ...Was an Archon, instead of a human.

Unknown Role (None): My thanks, Furina. Without your help, we could never have pulled off such an extraordinary performance.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... You're welcome?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, this performance was only made possible with "Father"'s support. The House of the Hearth spent a massive amount of labor and Mora to pull this off...

Unknown Role (None): We had to select a location, construct the Giant Magic Box, dig a tunnel, and open up a path through the water... It was a lot of work for all of us.

Unknown Role (None): So, in other words... the "earthquake" that we felt within the Giant Magic Box was just a normal tremor from the transportation of the whole house?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. It wasn't a sign of another disaster to come.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry about that.

Unknown Role (None): We deceived you back there.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, then... I can guess Neuvillette and Clorinde's parts.

Unknown Role (None): You gathered a crowd, prepared a stage, and made sure that the Champion Duelist would be immediately ready for a fight...

Unknown Role (None): All so that as soon as I appeared on the stage, the trial may commence without a hitch. Am I right?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that is correct.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Clorinde, I must commend you for your courage. Only the most outstanding Champion Duelist in all of Fontaine would accept a duel with an Archon without flinching.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): #As for you, Traveler... I suppose your role was to keep me distracted with conversation once you found me in Poisson.

Unknown Role (None): You'd make sure that I didn't notice anything amiss, before revealing yourself as my prosecutor once we'd arrived onto the stage...

Unknown Role (None): No.

Unknown Role (None): You guessed wrong.

Unknown Role (None): Oh?

Unknown Role (None): My mission...

Unknown Role (None): Was to give you one last chance.

Unknown Role (None): We hoped that you'd share your secret with us...

Unknown Role (None): Before the Magic Box arrived onto the stage.

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, is that so? Then I suppose I must have missed my final chance...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, it matters not. What's done is done...

Unknown Role (None): The stage is already set, so there's no reason to disappoint the audience. Let's see this trial through to the very end!

Unknown Role (None): (Yeah... The only thing we can do now is to judge the Hydro Archon.)

Unknown Role (None): (Still, I can't help but be a little bothered by that conversation earlier. What did Furina want to say to me right before we arrived on the stage...?)

Unknown Role (None): #{F#Madam}{M#Sir} Prosecutor, please allow me to pass this along...

Unknown Role (None): This is a document that Miss Charlotte applied for and received permission to share with you during the trial. According to her, it should speed up the proceedings.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Charlotte wanted to give us something? Ooh, so she's here too. Hey, Charlotte!

Unknown Role (None): Let Paimon see... Isn't this the "exclusive interview" that she did with us before? So she's already finished it, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, then that means this document is a perfect timeline of everything that's happened ever since we stepped foot in Fontaine...

Unknown Role (None): So in other words... we can refer to this "anthology of evidence" every time we want to use something from our journey as evidence for an argument!

Unknown Role (None): It's a super practical gift.

Unknown Role (None): I never would have thought of using it this way.

Unknown Role (None): Let's quickly confirm the information in it... Just think of it as a refresher, alright?

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): The prosecution and the defense are both in position. The trial shall now begin.

Unknown Role (None): Come on, Neuvillette. There's no need to repeat all the unimportant legalese.

Unknown Role (None): Just fast forward to the part where the prosecution lays out my offenses. As the defendant, and the lead actress of this performance, I still haven't even been informed of my supposed guilt in all of this.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, it is only natural for humans to struggle to understand the actions of a god. However, you will need more than that to convict me of a crime...

Unknown Role (None): That is true, but my charge here is unrelated to your conduct as an Archon.

Unknown Role (None): Instead, I would like to charge you as a fraud who's never been the Archon in the first place.

Unknown Role (None): Wait... what was that? Lady Furina's a fraud?

Unknown Role (None): Hey... I came here thinking that we were going to try the Hydro Archon for forsaking her duty, but did I hear that right? She's not our Archon at all?

Unknown Role (None): Charge accepted.

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina. Do you plead guilty to the charge?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina?

Unknown Role (None): I plead not guilty. How can I be guilty?

Unknown Role (None): There is no way that I, Focalors, otherwise known as Furina de Fontaine, a member of The Seven, and the Regina of All Waters, Kindreds, Peoples and Laws of Fontaine, could be anything other than your true Archon.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... Even though Lady Furina can be rather eccentric, isn't it going too far to doubt her very identity?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I've never questioned her identity either. Sure, Lady Furina can be super irresponsible, but what grounds does that prosecutor have to make such a huge claim...

Unknown Role (None): I have cause to believe that common sense will prevail in this case. Many of the members of the audience have known me as the Hydro Archon ever since they were born — there would be no fooling their memory.

Unknown Role (None): See? Even the Oratrice has decided to show me its favor. Are you sure you want to commit to a charge that will never be upheld?

Unknown Role (None): If you wish to drop the case, I can promise you, as the God of Justice, that you will not have to face trial for making a false accusation. We will treat everything that's happened as a dramatic spectacle, and move on with our lives. What do you say to that?

Unknown Role (None): An argument with near-impossible odds, huh? We have to not only refute Furina's claims, but also overturn the long-held beliefs of the people...

Unknown Role (None): The people only see you as their Archon...

Unknown Role (None): Because that's their long-held belief.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I tried to give you the chance to surrender. If you must persist, then let me ask: If you believe I'm not the Archon, then what manner of being do you think I am?

Unknown Role (None): And if I was not the Archon, then how did I manage to live for over five hundred years?

Unknown Role (None): (I've got to think carefully... What do we know to be "special" about Furina, exactly?)

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Err... Excuse me... If I may interrupt...

Unknown Role (None): Is... the trial still going?

Unknown Role (None): Freminet! You finally made it. I assume this means you've completed your mission?

Unknown Role (None): Mhm. Any mission "Father" assigns to me will always be top priority.

Unknown Role (None): Is that the first prophecy slate?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so The Knave privately arranged for Freminet to try and find the missing slate.

Unknown Role (None): I looked everywhere, and finally found it at the bottom of the sea. It took me a long time to get around some dangerous stretches of water...

Unknown Role (None): But... has the trial already concluded? Then... Doesn't that mean I've come too late? Oh no, "Father" will be disappointed in me...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, the mystery hasn't been resolved yet.

Unknown Role (None): It's still not too late for you to shine.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Freminet. Please allow me to review the record left on the slate.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, I believe that you have also already seen the other existing slates. I would like you to also come here and confirm their contents.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... So what do you see? What is it?

Unknown Role (None): This looks like...

Unknown Role (None): The previous Hydro Archon releasing her divine power...

Unknown Role (None): Turning the Oceanids into... human beings.

Unknown Role (None): I believe I have now made sense of the Hydro Archon's crime. It has to do with Fontaine's lost history.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Isn't the Hydro Archon just guilty of deceiving her people... Wait, no, that's Furina, and we've already proven that she's not the Hydro Archon...

Unknown Role (None): So when you say "Hydro Archon," do you mean the real Hydro Archon we've been kind of talking about?

Unknown Role (None): In truth, everything that you've encountered in Fontaine up until this point can be traced back to the contents of these stone slates.

Unknown Role (None): However, I am uncertain as to how much sense they currently make to you.

Unknown Role (None): An association between the contents of the slates and the events in real life...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, let's try to recall the contents of the other three stone slates... Paimon will do her best to help you remember!

Unknown Role (None): With some help from the other Fatui, Freminet brings a stone slate onto the stage...

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Huh, oh, Paimon gets it now... So that's how you can make sense of it...

Unknown Role (None): But then it feels like... We're going to have to share some truly shocking revelations.

Unknown Role (None): Let's hear them.

Unknown Role (None): The first slate reveals that...

Unknown Role (None): Fontainians are not real humans.

Unknown Role (None): Incredible. Lyney, did you hear that?

Unknown Role (None): We're... not real humans?

Unknown Role (None): All Fontainians were originally created by the late previous Hydro Archon, with Oceanids as their basis.

Unknown Role (None): The evidence for that can be found in... How only Fontainians could dissolve in Primordial Seawater, and how all the girls Vacher dissolved were also turned into Oceanids...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and according to Navia, when she was about to get dissolved, she also saw everyone gathered around for a trial, all of them in the shape of Oceanids...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

Unknown Role (None): The second slate reveals that...

Unknown Role (None): The crime of the Hydro Archon... was her creation of Fontainians from Oceanids.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and it follows from the content of the first slate that she probably angered Celestia by creating humans without prior permission.

Unknown Role (None): That could also explain why the Oratrice judged the Hydro Archon to be guilty — it's to account for that ancient "sin."

Unknown Role (None): The Hydro Archon's true sin... was creating us?

Unknown Role (None): And yet, after many hundreds of years, the Hydro Archon's creations have turned around to try to judge the Archon within the Opera Epiclese. The twists of history are often the most unexpected of all.

Unknown Role (None): As for the third slate...

Unknown Role (None): I'm still convinced that it should come after the fourth slate.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, isn't the image here just like when Navia fell into the sea?

Unknown Role (None): So, wouldn't it be trying to show the image of the Hydro Archon also falling into the sea once the prophecy has been fulfilled in the fourth slate?

Unknown Role (None): The fourth slate...

Unknown Role (None): Depicts the fulfillment of the prophecy as it's already widely known.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, the people will all be dissolved into the waters, and only the Hydro Archon will remain, weeping on her throne... Only then will the sins of the people of Fontaine be washed away.

Unknown Role (None): Did Paimon get all that right?

Unknown Role (None): You've made some keen deductions. I must say, given how much you still don't know, it is impressive that you've already managed to connect so many pieces of the truth.

Unknown Role (None): However... While you were able to decode all the information on the slates, they had also been etched with an additional layer of hidden information using a different power source.

Unknown Role (None): When we were at the ruins, I tried to decipher the hidden information recorded in the slates. But since we only had three slates at the time, I was unable to come to a full conclusion.

Unknown Role (None): Now that the slate collection is complete, I shall make another attempt to decipher the narrative recorded within. If everything goes well, we should finally be informed of the unadulterated truth.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): W—Well? Did you get it?

Unknown Role (None): I believe I should share this truth not only with you, but with all the people of Fontaine as well. I will try to briefly summarize it for you...

Unknown Role (None): Your hypotheses regarding the origin of Fontainians and the sin of the Hydro Archon were both correct.

Unknown Role (None): In the Fontaine of old, the previous Hydro Archon sensed the yearning of her Oceanid familiars for life on land.

Unknown Role (None): The Oceanids were enamored with the beauty and romanticism of human beings, and wishing to have those experiences for themselves, expressed to the Hydro Archon their desire to become of a similar kind.

Unknown Role (None): However, even though water as an element is intricately linked with the power of life, the Hydro Archon, as one of The Seven, did not possess the authority to create a new form of human life.

Unknown Role (None): Not one to give in, she eventually found a way to create permanent humanoid bodies for her familiars by appropriating the power of this planet's Primordial Sea.

Unknown Role (None): She poured Primordial Seawater into the Oceanids' blood vessels, creating humanoid mimics in the process.

Unknown Role (None): But if Fontainians were to ever come into direct contact with Water from the Primordial Sea, the power within their bodies would escape these artificial restraints and return to the Sea. As a result, their forms would collapse, and they would be reverted to their original forms as Oceanids.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, the Hydro Archon never received permission from the Heavenly Principles to create a new "human" race...

Unknown Role (None): And thus, the Hydro Archon and all of her creations came to shoulder the original sin of "appropriating the power of the Primordial Sea."

Unknown Role (None): ...That is the true history of how the people of Fontaine first came into being.

Unknown Role (None): So you... I... We were all Oceanids before we were turned into human beings?

Unknown Role (None): That's way too much information for me... I think I'm just going to pretend that I never heard a single thing.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, but if that's the truth, we can't let the Hydro Archon be sentenced to death! After all, her only sin was creating us...

Unknown Role (None): This really might be too much information for your regular Fontainian... But it does answer a lot of our questions.

Unknown Role (None): Alas, your hypothesis regarding the third and fourth stone slates was inaccurate. The slates' respective positions are, in fact, correct.

Unknown Role (None): So, they are in the right order?

Unknown Role (None): What is the third slate supposed to represent, then?

Unknown Role (None): A key point of the visual on the third slate is how all the individuals depicted in the water are humans, rather than Oceanids.

Unknown Role (None): They have not been dissolved, which implies that the water depicted in this slate is not water from the Primordial Sea.

Unknown Role (None): The nation of Fontaine is the nation of Hydro as well as the nation of trials and justice. Instead of being the literal element, the water in the scene symbolizes judgment and justice.

Unknown Role (None): You may also recall Navia's experience. When she fell into the sea, her consciousness was surrounded by that of many others, who intended to hold a trial to determine her fate.

Unknown Role (None): Therefore, the meaning of the third slate is...

Unknown Role (None): ...That the people of Fontaine shall try the Hydro Archon at the court of justice.

Unknown Role (None): ！！！

Unknown Role (None): It can't be...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it refers to our present situation.

Unknown Role (None): I think I'm following now. So what you're saying is, even though we decided to put on this trial to avoid fulfilling the prophecy...

Unknown Role (None): In truth, everything we've done has happened exactly as the prophecy foretold... So now it seems we're the ones making sure it comes true...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What should we do?

Unknown Role (None): I don't know...

Unknown Role (None): It... feels like there's no way out of this.

Unknown Role (None): No matter what, the prophecy will be fulfilled... Is this what it feels like to be a prisoner of fate?

Unknown Role (None): If that's the case... Does that mean the scene in the fourth slate will also be fulfilled soon?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, I would like to point out another small fallacy in your deductions.

Unknown Role (None): About the fourth slate — you probably thought that the eruption of Primordial Seawater beneath the Fortress of Meropide served as the surest sign that the prophecy was about to come to pass, yes?

Unknown Role (None): However, I believe that rather than being a sure sign, that eruption could in fact only be a small warning of something far worse to come.

Unknown Role (None): As for the root cause of the catastrophe... I believe you've already encountered it once before.

Unknown Role (None): I have?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, could it be...

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (582641994)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2719037170)

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): That was way too close! How did that thing just burst into the opera house!? Wait. Was that the huge whale you saw in your dream?

Unknown Role (None): That's right.

Unknown Role (None): I'd wager that it's also the one that Childe saw when he was young.

Unknown Role (None): So, we've met it at last... I understand very well why it has chosen to make an appearance here.

Unknown Role (None): That "whale" does not belong to Teyvat. It is a monster that has traversed the stars, weeping all the while.

Unknown Role (None): It has been greedily consuming the energy from the planet's Primordial Sea, using it to grow. That is the main cause for the rising sea levels...

Unknown Role (None): And once it has finished consuming all of the energy contained within the Sea, its next step will be...

Unknown Role (None): You said that when the Hydro Archon first created Fontainians out of Oceanids, she filled their blood vessels with Primordial Seawater...

Unknown Role (None): Precisely. That whale finds the "blood" of Fontainians nigh impossible to resist.

Unknown Role (None): Therefore, when it left the Primordial Sea, it decided to make its next stop a packed opera house full of food — food in the form of Fontainians.

Unknown Role (None): We just barely managed to push it back, right? In that case... Won't it come back to target the people again once it's managed to recover its strength?

Unknown Role (None): That is correct. Indeed, it is more accurate to say that we should thank that Harbinger for buying us some time. Without him, the whale would have likely come onto land far sooner.

Unknown Role (None): From the way he looked, he must have been fighting the creature for quite a long time.

Unknown Role (None): That battle maniac... We've always known that he had a special connection with that whale, but we definitely didn't expect it to help us out like this.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, now that we know that this whale is the actual cause of the disaster recorded in the prophecy, all we need to do to stop the prophecy would be to find a way to beat it up, right?

Unknown Role (None): It is too late...

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean?

Unknown Role (None): It had already absorbed too much of the Primordial Sea's energy before we could notice it. At this point, it has become practically integrated with the Sea itself.

Unknown Role (None): Even if the entirety of Teyvat were to be destroyed, it could still survive, and swim off towards some other world.

Unknown Role (None): That... That's not something I will accept.

Unknown Role (None): We've already done everything we can, and we even found the true culprit...

Unknown Role (None): We've come so far! You can't just tell me that the last hurdle is some impossible foe. That's just not fair.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. That's not how a grand performance should end.

Unknown Role (None): I'll fight it to the end. No matter what.

Unknown Role (None): So the prophecy will be fulfilled no matter what, huh...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): The prophecy... Yes, what has been prophesized will be fulfilled. You may view such things as "the history of the future."

Unknown Role (None): (After everything, it still turned out like this... We couldn't fight against fate.)

Unknown Role (None): (Wait, but if this is all about fate...)

Unknown Role (None): Just as prophecies are usually only the future as seen from the perspectives of the gods, could things be happening in hidden corners where the gods' gaze does not fall?

Unknown Role (None): Ultimately, fate shall serve as your only guide no matter what will happen in Teyvat's future. All you need to do is to play your part.

Unknown Role (None): (Could it be... That even if the prophecy will be fulfilled, there will still be a way to save everyone?)

Unknown Role (None): (Did I... miss something...?)

Unknown Role (None): (Wait, I forgot about Furina! What was it that she wanted to say to me at that last moment, in the Giant Magic Box?)

Unknown Role (None): (What is her real secret?)

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): First of all, you may be a member of another long-lived race, which would allow you to naturally possess an extended lifespan. And second of all, even if that wasn't the case, there could be other ways to extend your life...

Unknown Role (None): Such as... a curse.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... Who gave you that idea? Was it The Knave? You'd sink so low as to use a Harbinger's words against me?

Unknown Role (None): It doesn't matter who gave us the information.

Unknown Role (None): What matters is the veracity of the claim.

Unknown Role (None): A curse... I once thought it possible that the aura of an Archon might naturally resemble a type of curse.

Unknown Role (None): But in light of this claim, perhaps what I sensed was not your divinity, but a curse after all?

Unknown Role (None): Neuvillette sensed it too, huh?

Unknown Role (None): So, Furina...

Unknown Role (None): Instead of an Archon, could you just be a cursed human?

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina... is actually human?

Unknown Role (None): Well, it is true that it's extremely difficult to tell humans and gods apart just by looking at them. It's not impossible...

Unknown Role (None): Well, don't start celebrating too early now. Even if I have been carrying a curse like you said, how does that prove that I am merely a human being?

Unknown Role (None): Besides, everyone knows that the main difference between a human and a god is the possession of "authority." Gods can do what humans cannot — that's why they're worshipped as gods.

Unknown Role (None): For centuries, manifestations of my authority have served the nation of Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): One need only to turn their eyes towards the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale in this very opera house, or consider the Indemnitium that is used in every aspect of life.

Unknown Role (None): (Wait... That one trial proved the opposite. Furina actually has no control over the Oratrice at all...)

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that doesn't sound right. Paimon doesn't think this clue can be used as compelling evidence to build our case...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): You tried to reference the Oratrice, but weren't you as confused as all the rest of us when the Oratrice declared Childe to be guilty without any proof? Otherwise, you should have come up with a good explanation for that by now...

Unknown Role (None): Didn't I make myself clear at the time? The decisions of the gods are naturally difficult for humans to comprehend. There is no need to provide an explanation...

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina, I believe a reminder of your current circumstances is in order.

Unknown Role (None): While the court is in session, the principles of justice and the law must come before all else. While you are an Archon, you are also first and foremost the defendant in this trial.

Unknown Role (None): You will prove yourself unable to defend against the prosecution's charges if you continue to withhold vital information against the rules of the court.

Unknown Role (None): I never thought... You'd use that kind of rhetoric against me...

Unknown Role (None): That was no trick of rhetoric, Lady Furina. I have merely reiterated the rules of the court, rules that all should respect and follow.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): So, you neither knew why Childe was declared guilty, nor did you understand the structure and operations of the Oratrice...

Unknown Role (None): Instead of having been created by you, the "manifestations of authority" you mentioned have been made by the real Hydro Archon, haven't they?

Unknown Role (None): The real Hydro Archon? Well, now you're really losing me.

Unknown Role (None): It is true that I did not know why the Oratrice gave out a guilty verdict that day.

Unknown Role (None): But the Oratrice handed out that verdict unilaterally, and it has been operating independently ever since it was first created.

Unknown Role (None): You can't... You can't argue that just because a divine creation is flawed, that the god behind it must also be no god at all.

Unknown Role (None): She's still throwing out all kinds of excuses... Seems like she's confident that we won't be able to produce proof that she has no power over the Oratrice.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, we can put the Oratrice aside for now...

Unknown Role (None): But then, Miss Furina, could you give us a brief demonstration of your power as an Archon?

Unknown Role (None): My power as an Archon? There are many ordinary citizens in the audience. How can I just carelessly demonstrate the formidable power of an Archon...

Unknown Role (None): If that poses a concern, I'm prepared to extend my protection to the audience.

Unknown Role (None): Erm... Y—You don't need to go that far...

Unknown Role (None): A brief demonstration of your power over Hydro should be quite harmless.

Unknown Role (None): Surely an Archon can at least match the capacities of a human with a Vision?

Unknown Role (None): I... Uh...

Unknown Role (None): Aren't you the Hydro Archon? Or is it that you can't even wield the power of Hydro, much less the authority of a god?

Unknown Role (None): ...Indemnitium, yes, it's all because of Indemnitium! All Archons derive their power from the faith of the people, and I've converted the people's faith in justice into Indemnitium.

Unknown Role (None): Thus did I give up all of my divine power to provide everyone with energy for their daily lives. Have you ever seen a more magnanimous god?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that... a huge stretch?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, no matter how generous an Archon can be, how could they give up all of their power? Can a god with no power even still be called a god?

Unknown Role (None): It seems like nobody's buying Furina's excuse.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, come now, everyone... Please don't stare at me as if I was a liar...

Unknown Role (None): I'm still the same Furina you knew, right? The one that you loved? Shouldn't you want to believe in me?

Unknown Role (None): Please... You've got to believe me...

Unknown Role (None): If what the prosecutor said is true, she really has committed a grave offense...

Unknown Role (None): Did she deceive all of us, and all of our parents and grandparents too? And all of our ancestors, ever since they were born?

Unknown Role (None): Enough... That's enough...

Unknown Role (None): Tell me, then...! If I'm not the real Hydro Archon, then who is?

Unknown Role (None): If you have no evidence of another Hydro Archon's existence, nor can you find anyone who can back up their claim to be such, then what grounds have you to say that I'm not actually the real deal?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, she came up with yet another argument... Ugh, how can we refute her now? Seems like she really doesn't want to give up.

Unknown Role (None): (If we can't prove that she isn't the Archon, we can try to prove that she is just a human. And if she's only human...)

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that doesn't sound right. Paimon doesn't think this clue can be used as compelling evidence to build our case...

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): It has been established that all Fontainians can dissolve in water from the Primordial Sea. And that means...

Unknown Role (None): Since you insist on claiming to be a god and not a human, then there's a method that you can use right here and now to eliminate all suspicions of you being the latter.

Unknown Role (None): Miss Navia, please apply to serve as a temporary attorney for the prosecution before addressing the court. Though you act in partnership with the prosecutor, you must still adhere to proper procedure.

Unknown Role (None): Super sorry, Monsieur Chief Justice. I swear this really will be the last time that I'll speak out of turn.

Unknown Role (None): Now, I've brought some seawater from Poisson. As everyone knows, a massive flood struck the area not long ago, taking many lives...

Unknown Role (None): ...Including those of some of my closest friends.

Unknown Role (None): So, Miss Furina, would you dare to touch some of this seawater?

Unknown Role (None): If we are to believe that you are indeed the real Hydro Archon, touching this seawater would have no effect on you. All it should do is strengthen your case.

Unknown Role (None): But if you don't dare to touch it, then we would have basically proved the reverse.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and I must remind you that after the disaster at Poisson, nobody wants to see any more people dissolve.

Unknown Role (None): I do hope you'll act prudently, and choose the simpler path of admitting guilt.

Unknown Role (None): Navia from the Spina di Rosula... The Spina has governed Poisson for many years... I guess her suggestion is valid.

Unknown Role (None): If Lady Furina is indeed just a human, she's probably a Fontainian like all the rest of us. Would she really dare to try...?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Furina?

Unknown Role (None): Lady Furina, this "test" has been unilaterally proposed by the prosecution. As it falls outside the realm of standard court proceedings, you possess the right to decline participation.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Well, of course he had to tell her that, but refusing to participate is basically the same as a confession of guilt.

Unknown Role (None): She's just staring at the water without saying a single word... It really does seem like she's quite terrified of it. That could only mean...

Unknown Role (None): (What's going on? Is she really planning to... That's not what we thought she would...)

Unknown Role (None): *inhale*... *exhale*...

Unknown Role (None): Due to the inherent risk of the test, Lady Furina, you may—

Unknown Role (None): —!

Unknown Role (None): Waaaaaah!

Unknown Role (None): Hey!

Unknown Role (None): She actually...

Unknown Role (None): *pant*... *pant*... Ahh...

Unknown Role (None): I... I'm fine! Look! Look at me, everyone. My hand is still here. I haven't been dissolved!

Unknown Role (None): Will you believe me now? I really am your Archon. I'm nothing like a normal human, who would fall apart as soon as they touch this water. Really, was this not the most obvious thing in the world?

Unknown Role (None): Miss Sigewinne? If you are present, Miss Sigewinne, please come forward and attend to the defendant.

Unknown Role (None): Sige...winne?

Unknown Role (None): Don't be nervous, it'll just take a few seconds... Hmm, let me see...

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm, that should be enough.

Unknown Role (None): Please announce the results of your evaluation to the court, Miss Sigewinne.

Unknown Role (None): As everyone doubtlessly saw, Miss Furina was displaying symptoms of hyperventilation and flushed skin. These indicate that...

Unknown Role (None): She was experiencing the adverse effects of exposure to Primordial Seawater. The extent to which she was affected is the same as other humans when exposed to Primordial Seawater of a similar concentration.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Miss Sigewinne. Lady Furina, you may return to the defendant's stand.

Unknown Role (None): Wait. What did she just say? I didn't get dissolved! Shouldn't that be enough to prove my innocence?

Unknown Role (None): Well, considering your tendency to run from your problems, we did originally prepare a direct sample of the seawater around Poisson.

Unknown Role (None): However, after extensive discussion, we exchanged it for a sample that is not concentrated enough to dissolve an actual human. After all, on the off chance that something entirely unexpected might occur...

Unknown Role (None): We don't want anyone else to lose their life to the sea.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, so out of regard for Furina's life, you secured a low concentration sample, and asked the head nurse to serve as an expert witness...

Unknown Role (None): It's a great thing that the direct sample wasn't actually used. Furina could have...

Unknown Role (None): I... I can't believe... You...

Unknown Role (None): (But what's really going on here? Furina can't have not known the consequences of touching that water as a human...)

Unknown Role (None): (This is too unlike how she usually acts... Unless... It's actually more important for her to keep up her facade than to save her own life!?)

Unknown Role (None): (But... hadn't she given up on everything a long time ago?)

Unknown Role (None): Listen to me, listen to me, everyone... Please don't give me such cold and disdainful looks. What happened just now didn't prove a single thing!

Unknown Role (None): Think about it. How can you conclusively prove that an Archon can't also be affected by the Primordial Seawater?

Unknown Role (None): Also, also! If I was really just a human, why would I dare to just put my hand in that kind of water!?

Unknown Role (None): ...Please, everyone, anyone, just listen to me. I swear, I really am your Archon...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*...

Unknown Role (None): ...I don't think anything she says at this point will sway anyone. The odds are just too stacked against her now...

Unknown Role (None): With all the things that have been said... Paimon doesn't think there's any way left for Furina to win.

Unknown Role (None): I believe the time for argument and presentation of evidence has come to an end. If there are no objections, we will move on to the final judgment.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): In my capacity as Chief Justice, I shall now render judgment on Furina's misrepresentation of herself as the Archon of Fontaine. As a human who knowingly deceived her fellow citizens, Furina is—

Unknown Role (None): ...Guilty.

Unknown Role (None): We shall now turn to the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale to render the final verdict on the charges.

Unknown Role (None): According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Furina is—

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What's wrong? What's the Oratrice's verdict?

Unknown Role (None): It can't be...

Unknown Role (None): Did the Oratrice just declare Furina to be innocent?

Unknown Role (None): ...No, the Oratrice also displays a guilty verdict.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that correct, then?

Unknown Role (None): However, the exact wording of the verdict is thus. "The Hydro Archon, guilty"...

Unknown Role (None): "To be punished via the death sentence."

Unknown Role (None): The... The death sentence!?

Unknown Role (None): That's actually one of the available sentences!? I've always thought that it was just a myth...

Unknown Role (None): The one and only time the death sentence has been handed out at the court, and it's been given to the very person we've worshipped as the God of Justice? What an unexpected twist...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Furina's been sentenced to death by the Oratrice!? We just wanted to use the trial to show her the seriousness of things, so she'd tell us the truth... How did things escalate this quickly!?

Unknown Role (None): This outcome is indeed quite strange. According to Fontaine's current definitions of justice, as well as its recommendations for criminal sentences...

Unknown Role (None): Is this sentence really appropriate for the crimes that have been committed...?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, even Vacher wasn't sentenced to death by the Oratrice... You know, the real evil mastermind behind the serial disappearances case.

Unknown Role (None): What's more strange is...

Unknown Role (None): Instead of Furina, the Oratrice rendered judgment on "the Hydro Archon."

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Not only is Furina's sentence overly excessive, the very point of our trial today was also to prove that Furina has never been the Hydro Archon in the first place.

Unknown Role (None): But now, the Oratrice seems to have deliberately invoked the title of the "Hydro Archon." What does this mean?

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that doesn't sound right. Paimon doesn't think this clue can be used as compelling evidence to build our case...

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): We know from the case of the serial disappearances of young women that Fontainians can be dissolved in Primordial seawater...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps what is about to take place has all happened before.

Unknown Role (None): It's not as simple as falling into the sea...

Unknown Role (None): The prophecy from the stone slates found its way into society, but not many people believed it at first...

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't sound quite right. Let's think about this some more...

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (3988333090)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (777190162)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2370938106)

Unknown Role (None): They will dissolve into the waters of the Primordial Sea, and then they'll be like the Poisson residents Navia met when she fell into the sea... They'll turn into Oceanids.

Unknown Role (None): The first stone slate describes what you had just said. It seems to show the previous Hydro Archon using her divine power, and then the Oceanids turn into humans...

Unknown Role (None): The second stone slate shows Celestia floating in the sky, and the Hydro Archon and her people worshiping it together... but the heavens still brought judgment down upon them.

Unknown Role (None): The third slate shows the Hydro Archon sinking into the sea, surrounded by many people.

Unknown Role (None): Well, the fourth slate is the prophecy the Fontainians have been talking about. People dissolving into the sea, the Hydro Archon crying on her throne, and so on.

Unknown Role (None): It was both dream and reality.

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (1549874978)

Unknown Role (None): Does that mean that Fontainians are transformed Oceanids? Paimon wasn't expecting that... But if Oceanids can turn into humans, then perhaps this process can be "reversed" as well?

Unknown Role (None): This must be the point when the Hydro Archon and the Fontainians were branded with their "original sin." Does this mean that the "original sin" and the "Hydro Archon's sin" are the same thing?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, that reminds Paimon, didn't we also watch that happen to someone else?

Unknown Role (None): We didn't believe that such a crazy disaster could happen at first, did we? But after "that incident," it was just a question of "when," and not "if."

Unknown Role (None): The "Hydro Archon" was sentenced to death in court, shocking everyone present. Perhaps this means that her sin was actually Fontaine's "original sin"...

Unknown Role (None): Navia fell into the water inside those ruins, and she nearly dissolved. She was surrounded by the people of Poisson in a court within her consciousness, and was forced to take part in a trial meant to make her stay.

Unknown Role (None): The eruption of the Primordial Sea at the Fortress of Meropide was the surest sign that the prophecy was about to come to pass no matter what.

Unknown Role (None): The stone slates' content can all be verified by recent events. If we combined what we know together, loads of truths should come to light...

Unknown Role (None): And the first stone slate tells us that long ago, the Hydro Archon used her power to turn Oceanids into humans...

Unknown Role (None): This might be the reason that Fontainians can dissolve...

Unknown Role (None): The true "sin" of the Hydro Archon that Neuvillette mentioned...

Unknown Role (None): And the "original sin" cast down on the people of Fontaine by Celestia, as recorded on the stone slates...

Unknown Role (None): When Navia fell into the sea, her consciousness was subjected to judgment.

Unknown Role (None): The stone slates show the people gathered around the Hydro Archon in the sea... Could that be alluding to the same thing?

Unknown Role (None): The Fortress of Meropide was nearly flooded with Primordial Seawater, which we know can cause Fontainians to dissolve. It seems increasingly likely that the prophecy may come true.

Unknown Role (None): If we hadn't dealt with it in time, things could have gone very badly.

Unknown Role (None): They'll dissolve into the Primordial Sea, but won't cease to exist... Their essence will flow in the seawater, converge... and take the form of an Oceanid.

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2058571354)

Unknown Role (None): The truth, the original sin, the trial... and the root cause of the disaster.

Unknown Role (None): If we're talking about a "true culprit," that could only be "that thing" inside the Primordial Sea, right?

Unknown Role (None): This eruption was just a small warning of the things to come. We must find the root cause of the disaster...

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2624662466)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2299897146)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (2774735266)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (3024103762)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (1118959522)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (172220954)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (39566402)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (3153518474)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (1648040842)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (3663955818)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (956812578)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (233421674)