(Quest is part of chapter: Phantasmal Pals: Part I The Forest Boar and the Little Witch)

# Hunting Training

Prune: Leveraging Elemental combinations to boost damage output... Hm, it's clear that with the right strategy, no opponent is invincible — even a witch.

Prune: The Cryo Whopperflower just now was nothing more than a plant mimic. It didn't seem like the kind of monster a witch would summon.

Prune: #Faced with its burrowing and Cryo spike attacks, evasive maneuvers are of particular importance. Traveler's footwork alone is a revelation that deserves to be studied, not to mention his combat moves... I'd better make some notes...

Prune: "Hunting Training (Revised): Draft 16"... Done!

Paimon: Watcha writin' there, Prune?

Prune: Whoa, you scared me! You have to at least make a sound if you're gonna walk over here like that!

Paimon: Um, Paimon doesn't walk. She flies.

Prune: Well, whatever. Did you, um... hear all that just now?

Traveler: Yeah, something about hunting training?

Prune: In that case, I need to tell you something. I know it's going to sound unbelievable, but just hear me out.

Prune: See this book here? Alice gave it to me, but there were a few loose pages tucked inside... magical pages that transform whatever's written on them into a real place.

Prune: I know it's hard to imagine, but think of it like... being able to go inside a fairytale.

Paimon: Oh, so like Simulanka? We went there ages ago.

Prune: (Simu... what now? I've never heard of that place! Wait, does that mean there's actually a fairytale book that people can go inside...?)

Paimon: So, what kind of fairytale did you write, Prune? Can we go inside and take a look?

Prune: Pfft, I'd never waste them on something so childish and unrealistic. There are only a few sheets of this paper. The obvious choice is to use them for my own benefit.

Prune: So, after teaching myself all the material in this textbook, I wrote up a full combat training plan. With a little time, I'll be able to take down Alice with my own two hands!

Paimon: Huh? Didn't you say you were friends? What's this about "taking her down"?

Prune: (Shoot! I got too excited and let it slip...)

Paimon: Oh, wait a second...

Prune: (Oh no... Is the cat out of the bag?)

Paimon: That just means you're super good friends, huh!

Prune: Huh?

Paimon: #We have a friend like that, too! Always challenging Traveler to a sparring match whenever there's a chance.

Paimon: #Traveler's got a pretty impressive reputation, after all! Y'know, Prune, if you're looking to improve your combat skills, you could always just ask him.

Traveler: Volunteering me for things again, Paimon?

Prune: Of course! What am I doing copying down techniques in secret, when I could go straight to the source!

Prune: #Would you join my practice session, Traveler? Seeing you in action would be an invaluable resource!