# Missing title (1167601975)

Unknown Role (None): It seems, from your expressions, that you still have more things you wish to ask.

Unknown Role (None): Ask away. I will tell you the truth as I know it.

Unknown Role (None): About the initial verdict that was passed on Childe...

Unknown Role (None): I have investigated his case along many avenues, and I have learned that he once fell into an unknown chasm when he was young. There, by chance, he awakened the All-Devouring Narwhal.

Unknown Role (None): But, whether it be by sentiment or reason, that should not have been enough to consider him the root cause of the disaster. At most, he would have had tangential liability.

Unknown Role (None): As for the judgment passed by the Oratrice during the trial...

Unknown Role (None): Whether it was due to that liability by association, or Focalors deliberately using him to buy time for us on the assumption that he would be able to hold the creature off... I cannot say.

Unknown Role (None): Guess Focalors had Fontainians in mind the whole time. In the end, it was thanks to her that they finally became real humans...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, hang on a second! Paimon's suddenly got another question.

Unknown Role (None): Back when Fontainians hadn't yet become real humans, were the children they had also transformed Oceanids?

Unknown Role (None): Life has always flowed like water. Do you recall how Fontainians would often come to the Fountain of Lucine to pray for children?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Lynette said that the Fountain is where all the waters in Fontaine converge...

Unknown Role (None): In truth, even those couples did not know that such prayers were no mere custom, but instead a form of ritual...

Unknown Role (None): Those Oceanids who were blessed within the spring water would later descend as new humans in the coming months.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Paimon... sorta gets it now? Either way, seems like this ritual won't be of any further use — but it'll probably live on as a local custom!

Unknown Role (None): About Fontaine's future...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, about that, Wriothesley said Furina has already left. What's that all about?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Lady Furina... The people are only aware that her death sentence has not been carried out. She abdicated the post of Hydro Archon and left affairs related to that title to me, before leaving the opera house.

Unknown Role (None): I related Focalors' words to her faithfully and completely. After hearing them, she seemed neither saddened nor comforted...

Unknown Role (None): She simply said that... she was tired, and needed to rest.

Unknown Role (None): Having said that, she then packed her things and moved out of the opera house, not unlike how an ordinary person might.

Unknown Role (None): Erm... But she's still got a place to stay, right?

Unknown Role (None): You need not worry. I will make arrangements to ensure that she will not want for food, clothing, board, or travel.

Unknown Role (None): In truth, I am... somewhat happy for her. The wear and tear on her spirit will, of course, take time to heal...

Unknown Role (None): But now that she no longer has to play the role of "Focalors the Hydro Archon," she can finally lay down her burdens and lead a normal life.

Unknown Role (None): What about you, then? What are your plans, now that you've regained your full powers as the Hydro Dragon?

Unknown Role (None): After Focalors passed on, the Oratrice also ceased to function.

Unknown Role (None): This matter will directly affect our trials. After much careful consideration, I've decided to take over its role in our courts. From now on, I shall hear cases and pass verdicts by myself.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you're still considering stuff from the perspective of the Iudex, huh.

Unknown Role (None): As an elemental dragon, there are indeed many things that I must do. But this power, and this duty... In a manner of speaking, you could say that both were granted to me.

Unknown Role (None): As such, before I attend to my other responsibilities, I must first and foremost continue to serve Fontaine as its highest judge. The duty of the Hydro Sovereign and the duty of the Iudex shall coexist within my person.

Unknown Role (None): Additionally, the Hydro Archon's departure has brought about another problem... Which is that the opera house shall no longer produce Indemnitium.

Unknown Role (None): That's true. That power was derived from the peoples' faith in the Hydro Archon, wasn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Wait. But the various meks and machines in the city are all still okay. Where are they getting their energy from?

Unknown Role (None): As I am now, I have full command over Pneumousia, and it can serve as a complete substitute — another reason why I cannot quite leave Fontaine immediately.

Unknown Role (None): Wow. This ancient dragon's authority stuff is really quite useful, huh?

Unknown Role (None): About Fontaine's Gnosis...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, that's right. They say you've given it to The Knave as a "diplomatic gift," or something...

Unknown Role (None): Leaving aside their intentionality, the two Fatui Harbingers have indeed done much for us during this crisis.

Unknown Role (None): Their sole remaining goal in Fontaine, at least at this point, would seem to be the Gnosis.

Unknown Role (None): The Oratrice has ceased to function. The Hydro Archon's divine throne is now no more. And I do not need the Gnosis's power...

Unknown Role (None): As such, it has lost all meaning for Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): If the Fatui have impure designs, then we might as well accede to their request now... and avoid unnecessary conflict.

Unknown Role (None): Gah, what complicated considerations... Paimon thought you were just giving it to them out of gratitude to The Knave, and as an apology to Childe.

Unknown Role (None): About the next stop on my journey...

Unknown Role (None): You will soon be heading to Natlan, I presume?

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid that I have little talent as a travel guide, so all I can do is tell you what I know about that land.

Unknown Role (None): As far as I'm aware, Natlan can be said to be "a nation of dragons."

Unknown Role (None): A nation of dragons? You mean, like you?

Unknown Role (None): No, I suspect that I would not find myself welcome there.

Unknown Role (None): Unlike ancient dragons such as myself, the dragons of Natlan have undergone long years of development and evolution. Large numbers of them have entered a form of coexistence with humanity.

Unknown Role (None): Natlan is also the nation of "war." War ravages those lands like an undying flame.

Unknown Role (None): There is one other piece of information I got incidentally from my negotiations with The Knave that I believe may be useful to you.

Unknown Role (None): ...The Harbinger known as The Captain has thrown his hat into the endless ring of war.

Unknown Role (None): "The Captain"... Sounds like a real tough customer. Seriously, everywhere you look, there's a Fatui Harbinger doing their thing!

Unknown Role (None): I suggest that you fully prepare yourself before going to Natlan. In the meantime, Fontaine's doors will always be open to you.

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, hang on a sec. Paimon's still got a question about the Gnosis...

Unknown Role (None): When we spoke to Lyney earlier, he mentioned that your attitude towards giving away the Gnosis had clearly changed...

Unknown Role (None): We guessed that there might be some reason for it that only you were aware of...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. No wonder the House of the Hearth is the Fatui's intelligence division. They are certainly sharp.

Unknown Role (None): So, regarding this specific issue, I was just getting ready to share something with you.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... What is it?

Unknown Role (None): In truth, I exchanged some further words with that lady named Skirk after sending you two back to the surface. It went something like this...