# Missing title (233795351)

Neuvillette: ...That's what she told me. Whether it would prove useful or not, I wanted to pass that information on to you.

Paimon: The remains... of the Third Descender?

Paimon: So that's what the Gnoses actually are? Paimon just thought that they looked like chess pieces. How could they be a person's remains?

Neuvillette: All the same, assuming that there was no misunderstanding or special metaphor at play, that is what she meant to say.

Paimon: And she said that it would bring "misfortune" and that you should chuck it, which is why you gave it to the Fatui...

Neuvillette: If she speaks the truth, then I would simply be putting Fontaine at unnecessary risk by keeping it here.

Traveler: (A Descender... She mentioned one of them...)

Traveler: I am the Fourth Descender.

Traveler: For me, this information means two things.

Traveler: One, that the Gnoses are related to Descenders.

Traveler: And two, that the one who came before me has already died.

Neuvillette: I had guessed that you might already be familiar with this concept, but I did not expect you to be one of them.

Neuvillette: That means that the Gnoses, which are exceedingly element-compatible and can even enhance elemental abilities, do indeed come from the Third Descender.

Neuvillette: Hmm, I wonder... Does your body also possess similar properties?

Paimon: Like... Uhh, like being able to use elemental powers without a Vision? That does sorta count as special compatibility, right?

Paimon: No, no, let's not think about this stuff right now. It just feels creepy...

Paimon: #...Comparing Traveler to the dead Third Descender and all...

Traveler: Don't worry, I won't die so easily.

Paimon: That's what you say, but this topic still feels like bad luck.

Paimon: Once Childe recovers, let's get some more answers out of him — or go look for his Master and get the answers that way!

Neuvillette: I, too, believe it unwise to make too many blind guesses when information is lacking. The same is true of being at court.

Paimon: Alright. Whatever the case, it seems like the crisis here in Fontaine's over for now.

Neuvillette: Yes. All of Focalors' efforts were for this moment as well.

Paimon: But... She sacrificed herself in the end as a god, and she suffered through all those years as a human... Was that really what she wanted?

Neuvillette: ...I suppose that would be the mystery of a god's will.

Traveler: Can you understand the will of the gods?

Neuvillette: I suspect not. But once in a while, I too would guess that if wishes were like the clouds in the sky, they will one day return to the earth as raindrops...

Neuvillette: Life flows like water, and rain is the final answer. The water levels may sometimes tilt one way or another, but the rain falls fairly upon all.

Neuvillette: And what, ultimately, is the difference between the rains that fall upon all of us?