# Missing title (1548182127)

Unknown Role (None): Ah, friend, we meet once more.

Unknown Role (None): Liben, where have you been raking in all that wealth lately?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, I'm not exactly rolling in it like you think. Honestly, I might've even lost a few Mora.

Unknown Role (None): I was recently doing business at the Collective of Plenty. Someone took a look at my mushrooms and said:

Unknown Role (None): "Hmm... They look rather... ordinary. Not like those of the mushroom god's."

Unknown Role (None): What in the world is a "mushroom god"? And is there some new variety of edible mushroom I should've known about?

Unknown Role (None): But I have to get home for the Lantern Rite whether there's money in my pocket or not. So, I've been running shorter trade routes recently — Dornman Port, for example.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Dornman Port!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Dornman Port?

Unknown Role (None): It's just north of Mondstadt. Have you not been there before, friend?

Unknown Role (None): Well, someone was holding me back, telling me we'll "explore it later."

Unknown Role (None): It's a port town built on cargo shipping and flower cultivation. Just looking at it makes you feel at ease.

Unknown Role (None): There used to be a very famous sanatorium up in the hills there, but it was torn down a few years ago.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, it's actually kind of creepy. There's a pretty chilling saying about that sanatorium up in the hills...

Unknown Role (None): They say that "anyone who visits the sanatorium will remain in those enchanted hills forever more."

Unknown Role (None): Because the place is so comfortable that there's no reason to leave...?

Unknown Role (None): I guess it's not so creepy if you look at it that way. Maybe that saying started because of the fresh air up there, far from all the dust and noise below.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, it must be nice to live in the hills.

Unknown Role (None): There are plenty of beautiful mountains and other scenic spots in Liyue too.

Unknown Role (None): That's very true. But, alone in the mountains, you can't help but worry about things like getting food and water or the risk of being dragged off by wild animals. Especially since no one's really set up the kinds of services needed for a proper retreat yet.

Unknown Role (None): It really has to be a proper retreat: pay to stay, get a nice rest, enjoy the opportunity to be close to nature. That's the only way one can feel truly comfortable.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I'd better get busy since staying at a sanatorium costs money. Looks like it's business as usual for us, then?