# Kurious Kamera

Unknown Role (None): How very strange... What is the matter with this Kamera?

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong with your Kamera?

Unknown Role (None): I think it's broken... Well, maybe not broken, but it's certainly not working like it's supposed to.

Unknown Role (None): I ordered a batch from Fontaine a while back.

Unknown Role (None): The person who sold it to me said that this particular kind of Kamera features the very latest technology from Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Supposedly, it can print photos in a special hue and add in some special effects, or something. So I bought one to try it out.

Unknown Role (None): But try as I might, I can't get it to print out photos properly. I don't know whether I'm using it wrong, or if it's just faulty.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe there's some trick to it that I'm not getting...

Unknown Role (None): So, how about you? Much of a Kamera Konnoisseur yourself?

Unknown Role (None): I dabble.

Unknown Role (None): I'll take that as a yes! So, could I get you to help?

Unknown Role (None): Never heard of a "Kamera" in my life.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I see... Well, never mind, it's simple enough to use... Would you mind giving me a hand anyway?

Unknown Role (None): I'm guessing you're a traveler? You must have a lot of experiences under your belt.

Unknown Role (None): What I'd like you to do is use this Kamera to take a picture of something with a strong color.

Unknown Role (None): Once you've taken a snap, if you could please bring me the photo. I want to see if I can isolate the source of the issue...

Unknown Role (None): And if I can't, I'll take the photos to the seller and see what he has to say. With the photos as hard evidence, he won't be able to dismiss the issue.

Unknown Role (None): I'll do it.

Unknown Role (None): Great. Thanks!

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean by strong color?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you know... Really bright colors, like red Jueyun Chilis, blue Mist Flower...

Unknown Role (None): Once you've taken a good shot, bring me the photo.