(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1026)

# Natlan! A New Adventure


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, check out those colorful pictures on the walls!

Unknown Role (None): We've gotta be on the right track!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, that thing over there looks super intimidating. You sure it's not gonna fall off?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, don't worry! Our tribe works closely with stone. That's one of our symbols, actually.

Unknown Role (None): It's not going anywhere, I promise you!

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Wow, time flies! Just like that, it's time for us to embark on the next phase of our journey!

Unknown Role (None): We need to head to Natlan next.

Unknown Role (None): Neuvillette called it "a nation of dragons," but that description doesn't give us much to go off of...

Unknown Role (None): We haven't met anyone from Natlan either.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Even when Inazuma was completely closed-off, we still managed to run into people from there in other nations...

Unknown Role (None): Huh, could it be... that there are no humans in Natlan?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, yes! That look of surprise and excitement is perfect! Hold it right there... Now, look at the Kamera, and big smiles on three, ready?

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Just make sure to get Paimon's good side!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, hang on a minute... What's with the photo shoot, Charlotte?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I heard you two were about to leave for the next part of your journey. After everything you did for Fontaine, The Steambird simply had to follow up on a scoop like that.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I have a feeling we're going to be short on material once you're gone.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you knew we were leaving... We don't need a big send-off. That's not really our thing.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, yeah, that's definitely not your style, but we got to thinking... and, well, a little change never hurt anyone, right?

Unknown Role (None): "We"?

Unknown Role (None): All those obstacles we overcame side by side... Feels like it was just yesterday! Don't be a stranger, now, partner!

Unknown Role (None): If you encounter any troubles along your journey, you need only let us know, no matter the distance between us.

Unknown Role (None): Partings are inevitable, of course, but distance makes the heart grow fonder, right?

Unknown Role (None): One thing will never change, though. We'll always have the memories we made together during this time.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, you're all here!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure we'll meet again.

Unknown Role (None): That we will! I'm looking forward to hearing about your future adventures, so make sure to stop by and tell us about them sometime!

Unknown Role (None): Let me know the next time a festival rolls around!

Unknown Role (None): Already thinking about taking time off? Any excuse for a party, huh...

Unknown Role (None): But yes, you can count on us! We wouldn't let you miss out on all the fun.

Unknown Role (None): Well, in light of your impending departure, shall we take a photo together?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, great idea! We even have a professional photographer with us. Charlotte, would you do us the honor?

Unknown Role (None): Leave it to me. Just give me a moment to set the Kamera up.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, by the way, you're overthinking the whole Natlan issue, Paimon. Natlan has human inhabitants and its own unique culture, just like Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that, because of their local customs, the native people choose not to leave.

Unknown Role (None): They're not unwelcoming to outsiders, though. People travel there for business and leisure alike, and usually return with nothing but good things to say.

Unknown Role (None): Many members of the Spina have visited in the past, too.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's a relief! Hopefully, we don't get swept up in any major drama this time!

Unknown Role (None): Don't speak too soon.

Unknown Role (None): Hope you didn't just jinx us.

Unknown Role (None): Well, given your experience and skill in that regard, I have no doubt you'll be able to overcome anything that comes your way.

Unknown Role (None): Still, I hope you can avoid danger this time around. An uneventful trip might be a nice change of pace.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'm ready! Shall we?

Unknown Role (None): #Well then, Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): Bon voyage!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Many of our tribespeople love music and dance, and have an amazing sense of rhythm.

Unknown Role (None): In the past, outlanders have come here just to study our culture and exchange views.

Unknown Role (None): My parents wanted me to learn dance, but I wanted to become a warrior instead!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): So full... *yawn* and so sleepy... We should get a good night's sleep before the competition tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's still a little worried about Kachina, though. Maybe we can help her out with her training?

Unknown Role (None): She did say she wanted to learn from us... Not that Paimon's gonna be doing much of the teaching...

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): This is the most cherished and most sacred item in our tribe. It symbolizes the Wayob that protects us and grants us blessings.

Unknown Role (None): "Wayob"? Is that a god of some sort?

Unknown Role (None): Sort of... We believe the Wayob dwell beneath the earth, while the Pyro Archon hails from above.

Unknown Role (None): We hold regular gatherings here, actually. Our chief recounts and interprets dreams relating to our Wayob to decipher its will.

Unknown Role (None): The Wayob know the past and can foresee the future. Isn't that extraordinary?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Kachina? What are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): Chief! Oh, let me introduce you. This is Pacal, the chief of our tribe.

Unknown Role (None): Chief, these two just arrived in Natlan. They're super accomplished adventurers, and they're letting me stick by them so I can learn a thing or two!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, h—hello...

Unknown Role (None): Kachina is a child of our tribe. Her safety is my responsibility. So, I'll just come out and say it...

Unknown Role (None): I don't know how you met her, but I'm going to need you to prove your identity.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa whoa whoa whoa! There's no need for that, Chief! They're good people! I can feel it!

Unknown Role (None): A "feeling" isn't going to satisfy your parents, Kachina.

Unknown Role (None): It's a valid concern. I get it.

Unknown Role (None): How about... we show you our Adventurer Handbook? It's where all our previous travels are recorded.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... The people who belong to the Adventurers' Guild are kind of a mixed bag. I'd prefer something more reliable...

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm... Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): #You're Traveler! And you're Paimon, his familiar!

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon is a guide! Geez, these rumors are getting out of control... Well, okay, maybe this one's not that bad. It does make you seem super powerful and mysterious, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, is there something special about those names?

Unknown Role (None): You haven't heard?

Unknown Role (None): Nope.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): #Learn well from him, Kachina. It's unlikely you've ever had a teacher of greater merit.

Unknown Role (None): Really? To earn that kind of praise from the chief... You guys must be even stronger than I thought!

Unknown Role (None): Apologies for not trusting your word.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, don't worry about it. You were just doing your duty!

Unknown Role (None): Well, Kachina's still young, so you can never be too careful.

Unknown Role (None): As for you, Kachina... Isn't registration about to close? Why haven't you headed out yet?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, Chief. I told my teammates to go ahead. I'll catch up with them in a bit!

Unknown Role (None): I may not be much of a fighter, but I am quick on my feet, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): Kachina's trying not to worry him, huh...

Unknown Role (None): I see... Well, I hope I wasn't interrupting anything just now. If I did, just tell me where you left off, and I might be able to help with the explanations.

Unknown Role (None): Lemme think... I told them about the Wayob, so now's the perfect time to dive into Ancient Names! Good thing you're here, Chief. I don't think I could explain it very well.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! That word kept popping up in our conversation earlier. So, what does it mean, exactly?

Unknown Role (None): Well, Natlan is a nation of heroes, whose valiant deeds are preserved and passed down over time in the form of stories.

Unknown Role (None): You can think of an Ancient Name almost like a label for these stories. By mentioning an Ancient Name, we remind ourselves of the epic sagas of heroes past.

Unknown Role (None): For example, the most famous bearer of my Ancient Name fought in twenty-seven Night Warden Wars.

Unknown Role (None): By the time he fought in his last one, he was already over sixty years old.

Unknown Role (None): Even though he wasn't quite where he used to be, physically speaking, he still managed to achieve top rankings during the Pilgrimage! Impressive, right?

Unknown Role (None): So, why do people inherit Ancient Names?

Unknown Role (None): Ancient Names allow us to preserve the stories of the past. But, they're also much more than that. Think of an Ancient Name almost like an heirloom passed down from generation to generation.

Unknown Role (None): Do you have your stone on you, Kachina?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Here, take a look.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, that black stone looks so mysterious! It's like there's something shiny inside it...

Unknown Role (None): It looks like a feather...

Unknown Role (None): The Wayob decide who is deserving of inheriting an Ancient Name. Once a successor is selected, the Name becomes theirs to bear, and their deeds are then preserved within it.

Unknown Role (None): As time passes, Ancient Names come to represent the heroic deeds of more and more bearers, and their value becomes even more profound.

Unknown Role (None): In turn, the accomplishments preserved within it serve as an inspiration for the next generation of successors.

Unknown Role (None): Just like me, hehe! I'm still not sure why our Wayob chose me, of all people...

Unknown Role (None): But, if I didn't know the stories of all the past heroes — how they never stopped fighting — I probably would've given up a long time ago.

Unknown Role (None): So it's like a form of mental fortitude?

Unknown Role (None): ...Then, you're saying this stone doesn't have any actual power? Like, it's not gonna make Paimon super strong or smart?

Unknown Role (None): None at all, and that is precisely how it exercises its unique value.

Unknown Role (None): Think of it this way... If you become a hero because the heavens granted you strength, are your triumphs earned or given?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon gets it. If people start to ask those kinds of questions, the stories suddenly become a lot less inspirational.

Unknown Role (None): Someone had this to say about Ancient Names:

Unknown Role (None): "Our forebearers carved 'miracles' into obsidian rock, yet future bearers looked upon them and saw 'strength.'"

Unknown Role (None): The miracles of the past become the motivations of the present. The limitations of the past become the breakthroughs of today... That's more or less the gist of it.

Unknown Role (None): So, there's no rush, Kachina. Many people struggle to understand the Wayob's judgment after receiving an Ancient Name.

Unknown Role (None): As long as you never stop trying to improve your abilities and surpass yourself, your time will come.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Chief! I'll get it together, just you watch!

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's getting late. I've gotta get to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right! I'm not sure where you're headed, but... Mind taking a detour with me?

Unknown Role (None): Is that where the Pilgrimage is taking place?

Unknown Role (None): Yup! And outside of competition season, it's the place where our inter-tribal gatherings are held.

Unknown Role (None): Will the Pyro Archon be there?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. She's the most important figure in the entire event!

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a plan, then. Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): #Well, if Traveler and Paimon are with you, then I don't need to worry about your safety... Be on your way, now.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, we're off! See you later, Chief!

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Wow! The sightseeing is even better from up here!

Unknown Role (None): The higher the vantage point, the better the view!

Unknown Role (None): Are you and Toto close, Kachina?

Unknown Role (None): Yup! When I was little, my parents and I went to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame to buy a bunch of different fruits, but the cart we were using to transport them flipped over on our way back.

Unknown Role (None): Toto wasn't even half his current size back then, but I still burst into tears when I saw him approach. I was afraid he was going to eat all the Berries and Sunsettias, and leave none left for me.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, though, he didn't eat a single one, and even chased off a few other Saurians looking to snatch a few for themselves.

Unknown Role (None): After that, he used his big head to help get our cart right side up again.

Unknown Role (None): I've been bringing him fruit ever since. Oh, and, I was the one that named him "Toto," actually.

Unknown Role (None): With the sheer amount of food he can eat, he pretty much grew like a weed! Before I knew it, he was already this big!

Unknown Role (None): Roar~ ♪

Unknown Role (None): Oh, look over there! That's our destination — the Stadium of the Sacred Flame!

Unknown Role (None): You can let us off here, Toto. Thanks for the lift!

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): It's an easy walk from here, so I say we head the rest of the way on foot. It'd be quite the trek for Toto, otherwise.

Unknown Role (None): That's true, especially considering his size. Well, seeya later, Toto!

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Wrooh!

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, hehe! You're here too, {REALNAME[ID(2)|HOSTONLY(true)]}!

Unknown Role (None): No way! You have a Saurian companion too! Aww, what a sweet little thing! I think your friend here will get along with Ayo just fine!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, you two go have fun. I've got some important business to handle, and then I'll be right back.

Unknown Role (None): No mischief, okay? And you'd better not go leading your new friend astray, or I'm telling your parents.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): One picture to publish, and one to keep for myself. Perfect!

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): I heard there's a place in Natlan that produces precious stones. Next time there's a lull in my work, I gotta go pay it a visit.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): #Safe travels, Traveler. You're welcome back anytime. If you let us know in advance, we could arrange even more people to greet you when you return.

Unknown Role (None): That would be quite the lively affair.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): We've come a long way. How does a break sound?

Unknown Role (None): Great idea! All this sightseeing is making Paimon hungry!

Unknown Role (None): You say that as if you use your stomach to see...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, are you all out of candy? I've got some more, if you want. I've also got bread, drinks, fried rice, roasted apples...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! You're practically a walking cafeteria!

Unknown Role (None): I just like bringing a lot of stuff with me. As my mom always says, "it pays to be prepared."

Unknown Role (None): They only come in handy every so often, hehe... But, hey! Better late than never, right?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Is everything okay, Traveler? Seems like you've got something on your mind.

Unknown Role (None): Just thinking about what happened with the Statue of The Seven.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that was so weird. It has to mean something, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, you know what? It could be because our Archon is different from the rest.

Unknown Role (None): Different how?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I heard that other nations' Archons live a long time and belong to a class of extremely powerful beings known as "gods."

Unknown Role (None): And that's not the case in Natlan?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all! Every Pyro Archon in Natlan was an ordinary person before taking on the role.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? A human becoming an Archon? Is that even possible?

Unknown Role (None): A human ascending to the divine throne...

Unknown Role (None): (That's kind of like what Furina did, but...)

Unknown Role (None): You find it hard to believe too, huh?

Unknown Role (None): So that's not normal, then? I guess I've just gotten used to how things are here in Natlan.

Unknown Role (None): Well, based on what we've seen, that's not usually how it works. It can't be that easy for a human to become an Archon, right...?

Unknown Role (None): Pretty sure the Pyro Archon's the only one who can answer that.

Unknown Role (None): I do know this, though — even after becoming the Pyro Archon, the person in the position still grows old and requires rest.

Unknown Role (None): The Statue of The Seven may look a lot like our current Archon, but that has to be a coincidence... Countless people have held that title over the years.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I should also mention... The Pilgrimage is actually how we select the Pyro Archon. Anyone can claim the title. You just have to prove your strength!

Unknown Role (None): So, the contest is all about how strong you are?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. We believe performance in battle is the most comprehensive test for a future Archon. Plus, when someone emerges victorious, it's hard to argue with the results.

Unknown Role (None): Our current Archon achieved an overwhelming victory. The result was obvious from the beginning.

Unknown Role (None): Don't just take my word for it, though. Even the tribe elders said they'd never seen an Archon with such strength before.

Unknown Role (None): But it's just as Chief Pacal said: Today's limits are tomorrow's breakthroughs! Our future Archons will go from strength to strength.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, Paimon's gonna ignore the whole "human becoming an Archon" thing for now. It's just... If she's really that strong, do you think that's a good thing or a bad thing for us?

Unknown Role (None): If we think back to what happened in Inazuma...

Unknown Role (None): I'd say it depends on how she feels about us.

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't worry about it, hehe. Our Archon's a wonderful person, and very welcoming to guests. I think you'll get along great!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, you're right! It's not like we're planning on causing trouble either...

Unknown Role (None): It'll all work out! You'll meet her soon enough.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, Paimon's just about ready to... Huh? What's that?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, we call this a Phlogiston Chiselith. Good things happen if you infuse it with phlogiston.

Unknown Role (None): Lemme give it a try.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, sorry to disappoint, but only people from Natlan can use that power—

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Hey, it's Ayo! Come on, over here!

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): Allow me to introduce you! This is Ayo, my Saurian companion, and also an important member of my family.

Unknown Role (None): Roar~ ♪

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, he's saying hello! I think he likes you!

Unknown Role (None): "Saurian"... So, in Natlan, you consider Saurians to be part of your family?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Natlan is not only a nation of heroes, but also a nation of Saurians. They occupy an important place in every tribe.

Unknown Role (None): Outlanders always seem to think of Ayo as my pet, but that's not the case at all.

Unknown Role (None): Ayo and I go on adventures together, but he also has a Saurian family and a place to stay of his own. Sometimes, he even brings his entire family over to eat at our house.

Unknown Role (None): The Children of Echoes have the closest ties to the Tepetlisaurs, which are naturally very friendly to humans. That's how our relationship became what it is today.

Unknown Role (None): All Saurians have their own personalities, but... I think calling them our "companions" pretty much sums it up!

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): See? Ayo agrees with me!

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, since we're here, you might as well go get your shiny new elemental powers, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): That's true.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You can get elemental power from the Statue of The Seven?

Unknown Role (None): Just you watch, Kachina!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): The statue is so pretty! Is that what the Pyro Archon is like?

Unknown Role (None): You betcha! Beautiful, effortlessly confident, and absolutely awesome!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): The statue is so pretty! Is that what the Pyro Archon is like?

Unknown Role (None): You betcha! Beautiful, effortlessly confident, and absolutely awesome!

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): E—Eh!? Wait, wait, wait... You can use it too? How?

Unknown Role (None): It just came naturally.

Unknown Role (None): All in a day's work.

Unknown Role (None): That... was... AMAZING! I don't even know what to say!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, look behind you! Something's coming!

Unknown Role (None): What do we do? Is something after us? Should we get ready to fight!?

Unknown Role (None): We're fine, we're fine! This, here, is Toto!

Unknown Role (None): Hiya, Toto! Hehe, it's me, Kachina!

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): Well, aren't we looking lively today? Did the Chiselith lure you over here? Warm, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so it was just a friendly Saurian... Wait, is that a Saurian?

Unknown Role (None): Nope, that's a Long-Necked Rhino. There's quite a few of them around here, and Toto's the friendliest and gentlest of the bunch.

Unknown Role (None): He's always hanging around these parts. I swear he does it just to show off to any outlanders that might come this way. Don't let his size fool you, though. He's just a big softie!

Unknown Role (None): Roar—

Unknown Role (None): Uh, what does the crouching mean?

Unknown Role (None): That's an invitation. He's offering us a ride!

Unknown Role (None): Don't mind if we do!

Unknown Role (None): Um, Paimon's not so sure about this. It's kinda scary, don't you think? He's huge!

Unknown Role (None): What are you scared of? You can fly.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, good point! You guys have fun with that, then. Paimon will just float alongside!

Unknown Role (None): Wow! The sightseeing is even better from up here!

Unknown Role (None): The higher the vantage point, the better the view!

Unknown Role (None): Are you and Toto close, Kachina?

Unknown Role (None): Yup! When I was little, my parents and I went to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame to buy a bunch of different fruits, but the cart we were using to transport them flipped over on our way back.

Unknown Role (None): Toto wasn't even half his current size back then, but I still burst into tears when I saw him approach. I was afraid he was going to eat all the Berries and Sunsettias, and leave none left for me.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, though, he didn't eat a single one, and even chased off a few other Saurians looking to snatch a few for themselves.

Unknown Role (None): After that, he used his big head to help get our cart right side up again.

Unknown Role (None): I've been bringing him fruit ever since. Oh, and, I was the one that named him "Toto," actually.

Unknown Role (None): With the sheer amount of food he can eat, he pretty much grew like a weed! Before I knew it, he was already this big!

Unknown Role (None): Roar~ ♪

Unknown Role (None): Oh, look over there! That's our destination — the Stadium of the Sacred Flame!

Unknown Role (None): You can let us off here, Toto. Thanks for the lift!

Unknown Role (None): Roar...

Unknown Role (None): It's an easy walk from here, so I say we head the rest of the way on foot. It'd be quite the trek for Toto, otherwise.

Unknown Role (None): That's true, especially considering his size. Well, seeya later, Toto!

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Alright, why don't you go for a stroll while I handle some important business? Don't worry, I'll keep you company once I'm back!

Unknown Role (None): No mischief, okay? Or I'm telling your parents.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Phew! We made it!

Unknown Role (None): I'm supposed to meet some friends here, but... Hmm, I don't see them anywhere. Maybe they're not here yet...

Unknown Role (None): Open your eyes, slowpoke! We've been here this entire time! I've already lost track of how long you've kept us waiting!

Unknown Role (None): Listen here, you. It's not just Kinich and Mualani's time you're wasting, but mine too! MINE!

Unknown Role (None): What the heck? That's a strange-looking Saurian... Or wait, is it even a Saurian?

Unknown Role (None): Take it down a notch, alright? You don't even know some of these people.

Unknown Role (None): Just because Kachina's too nice to get mad at you doesn't give you an excuse to be rude to her.

Unknown Role (None): And what are you gonna do about it? You think you're the boss of— Hey! What do you think you're doing!?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I've put him in a timeout for now. Sorry about that.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, you didn't have to do that! Ajaw just doesn't have much of a filter, that's all. I don't mind!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, he got what he deserved. Let's just hope the lesson sticks this time!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Mualani! There you are!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you made some new friends! And here I was worried you ran into trouble on your way here.

Unknown Role (None): Hello! Paimon's Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): #I'm Traveler, a traveler.

Unknown Role (None): A traveler, you say? You came at the perfect time! The Pilgrimage is a sight to behold this time of year.

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to win it.

Unknown Role (None): Oho, a bold statement... I like it, hahaha. The rule against outsider participation is long overdue for a change anyway.

Unknown Role (None): This is Paimon. Nice to meet you all.

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, and this is Traveler... Honestly, you could at least introduce yourself a little, you know!

Unknown Role (None): I don't see your teammates with you, Kachina. Where are they?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh, they... went to join teams with a better chance at winning.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. So, you're saying you've been ditched. Again.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* That might give them an advantage during the team stage, but it all comes down to individual strength sooner or later.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, well, I couldn't even promise them we would make it through the team stage.

Unknown Role (None): The outcome of the team stage usually depends on the Ancient Name bearer, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, now. There's not a single person here that can promise their team victory. You're putting too much pressure on yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, you're not lacking in strength at all. You just need a bit more confidence.

Unknown Role (None): You were only three victories short of reaching the Night Warden Wars last time.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so... If the "Pilgrimage" is like a national sporting competition, then what are the "Night Warden Wars"?

Unknown Role (None): The former is a battle of skill. The latter is a real "war."

Unknown Role (None): A war against our eternal enemy, the Abyss.

Unknown Role (None): The Abyss...

Unknown Role (None): So, they're here, too...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, wait a second... You're saying the prize for winning the Pilgrimage is the chance to go to war!?

Unknown Role (None): That's not too far off. That's why it's called the "Night Warden Wars."

Unknown Role (None): The Pilgrimage chooses the strongest warriors among the tribes, and those warriors fight to repel the Abyss in defense of our homeland.

Unknown Role (None): Their names and deeds are then recorded in epic tales passed down over time. That is the highest honor you can achieve in Natlan.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it dangerous, though?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, but that's the nature of war. Danger comes with the territory.

Unknown Role (None): Resisting the Abyss is our duty, but we're not alone in this fight. We also have the blessing of our Archon, which allows for our safe return.

Unknown Role (None): It's something we call the Ode of Resurrection — which does exactly what it sounds like, basically!

Unknown Role (None): Resurrect people, you mean?

Unknown Role (None): Yup! So, it's not so scary, really. Our Archon's blessing gives us the courage to keep moving forward!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go register. We don't have much time.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, what about you, Kachina? You're not really planning on competing solo, are you?

Unknown Role (None): We really wish we could help, but we're not from here, so it doesn't seem like we can take part...

Unknown Role (None): There's no threshold to the number of participants. With the sheer number of teams, it's practically guaranteed chaos.

Unknown Role (None): No matter how strong or experienced the warrior, victory is never assured.

Unknown Role (None): In a situation like that, it's always better to have someone to watch your back.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, how about this! When we register, why don't we ask if these two can have special permission to participate?

Unknown Role (None): Odds are, the answer will be no. So, if that doesn't work, well... I only have a few teammates this time. If someone else could take them, then...

Unknown Role (None): You're not asking me to lead your team, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Look at you, mind reader! So, what do you say? With how strong you are, it would practically be an upgrade for my teammates.

Unknown Role (None): Fine by me, but doesn't that leave you and Kachina as a team of two?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, there's a world of difference between that and flying solo. Besides, we're a formidable duo!

Unknown Role (None): I bet our new friends here will agree that two's always better than one. Right?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you mean us?

Unknown Role (None): Things are definitely less lonely with Paimon around.

Unknown Role (None): It's nice having Paimon by my side.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, you're right! Two is definitely better than one!

Unknown Role (None): It's just like the old saying we have here in Natlan — "No one fights alone."

Unknown Role (None): But... what if I drag you down?

Unknown Role (None): Listen to yourself! You'd be hard pressed to find someone in Natlan who can beat us when we're together!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, hearing you say that does make me feel a little more confident...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Still, teams rarely contain more than one Ancient Name bearer. People are definitely gonna think of us as cowards.

Unknown Role (None): The rules don't forbid it, so who cares what they think!

Unknown Role (None): It's not like they left us any other option.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'll leave you to break the news to your soon-to-be former teammates. I'm not good at stuff like that.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I know.... They deserve to hear it from me, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Just give me a second, you guys. We can go sign up together once I'm done.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): This is the place. Let's wait for Mualani here.

Unknown Role (None): Did you see the flags at the front gate when we entered?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah... There were flags, weren't there...

Unknown Role (None): There were all sorts of symbols on them.

Unknown Role (None): Those are our tribal flags — one for each of the six tribes that make up Natlan, including the Children of Echoes.

Unknown Role (None): Why the sudden tour guide routine?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I said I'd introduce them to Natlan, and we've got nothing better to do, so I might as well deliver on the promise!

Unknown Role (None): Fair enough. Well, I'm from the Scions of the Canopy. We live high in the mountains and have the closest ties to the Yumkasaurs.

Unknown Role (None): My friend Mualani belongs to the People of the Springs, a seaside tribe. The scenery over there is beautiful, and you can find some really tasty fish.

Unknown Role (None): That just leaves the Flower-Feather Clan, the Masters of the Night-Wind, and the Collective of Plenty.

Unknown Role (None): If we get a chance after the Pilgrimage, I'll be sure to show you around.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if we're talking tribes, allow me to stand in for our chief and welcome you on behalf of the People of the Springs.

Unknown Role (None): Mualani, you're back! We were just talking about you!

Unknown Role (None): Everything's settled on my end. My teammates took it unbelievably well, actually. Your reputation is really somethin' else, Kinich.

Unknown Role (None): They probably just didn't see any drawbacks to your proposition.

Unknown Role (None): We're saying the same thing here. You, my friend, are a formidable competitor, and they recognize that! Anyway, thanks for waiting, you guys. Let's go register.

Unknown Role (None): Hello there. Here to register for the Pilgrimage?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I wanted to ask, though... These two travelers are very interested in the competition. Any chance they could take part?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but only people from Natlan are eligible to participate.

Unknown Role (None): #You couldn't make an exception just this once? This traveler is a renowned Adventurer! He's more than skilled enough to participate, and I'm sure the audience would be interested in seeing what he can do.

Unknown Role (None): It's not that simple, Miss Mualani. Even a single exception sets a dangerous precedent for countless interested parties in the future.

Unknown Role (None): The purpose of the Pilgrimage is not only to select strong warriors, but also to collect Contending Fire from the battles.

Unknown Role (None): That is the fire that fuels the Sacred Flame. Natlan is only safe from the invasion of the Abyss while the Sacred Flame burns eternal.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so there's another purpose for the tournament.

Unknown Role (None): That was the initial purpose, actually.

Unknown Role (None): Every participant, whether they win or lose, contributes to the defense of our nation. That's what makes it such an honor to take part.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly right, Mr. Kinich. Contending Fire can only be produced in battles between people of Natlan.

Unknown Role (None): Outlander participation would inhibit the production of this Fire, which could, in turn, jeopardize the Sacred Flame.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so it all comes down to the Contending Fire.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine.

Unknown Role (None): I understand the importance of this event.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you can still enjoy the event from the stands! I'll try to get you some good seats!

Unknown Role (None): That would be great! Tourists like us are better suited to being spectators, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Still, there's something Paimon was wondering, actually...

Unknown Role (None): If the Ode of Resurrection exists...

Unknown Role (None): Why do you have to go through the process of selecting warriors?

Unknown Role (None): #You read Paimon's mind, Traveler! Why doesn't everyone just fight together? Y'know, since you can bring them back to life...

Unknown Role (None): The power of resurrection has its limits. For starters, the Ode only works on those who bear an Ancient Name.

Unknown Role (None): That's also why ordinary people who emerge victorious in the Pilgrimage aren't sent to fight the Abyss.

Unknown Role (None): It's for their own protection. Although, they're still afforded the same honor as those who triumph over the Abyss in battle.

Unknown Role (None): That brings us to the other condition for resurrection. Not much to this one, actually, hahaha. Just one word — "victory"!

Unknown Role (None): "Victory"?

Unknown Role (None): "The victors shall burn bright, while the losers must turn to ash."

Unknown Role (None): Only those who triumph over the Abyss earn the right to be revived. Defeat in battle not only means death, but also the destruction of your Ancient Name, preventing it from ever being inherited again.

Unknown Role (None): The tales of the vanquished are eventually forgotten, and an Ancient Name cannot survive when the stories of its bearers are lost to time.

Unknown Role (None): But, why would the victors need to be revived?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, they won, right? Isn't it the defeated ones who need reviving?

Unknown Role (None): You have to think about it at the team level. For example, five representatives will be sent to repel the Abyss this time.

Unknown Role (None): Even if four of them were to perish, the Ode of Resurrection would still take effect. All you need is for one person to return victorious.

Unknown Role (None): Because every victory is a building block of our legacy!

Unknown Role (None): Of course, the team needs to be strong enough for that to be the case. Otherwise, the price of failure is still very high.

Unknown Role (None): That's why the first stage of the Pilgrimage is divided into teams — to instill in us the importance of working together.

Unknown Role (None): "No one fights alone" — that is what we believe. A lone warrior is one whose defeat is final.

Unknown Role (None): This all sounds pretty dangerous.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that axiom is meant to be a warning as much as a source of inspiration.

Unknown Role (None): Danger is always present, but, together, we can move forward — united in the knowledge that, behind every hero charging into battle, lies the support of all of Natlan as well as our Archon.

Unknown Role (None): Not to mention, the Abyss isn't an enemy with a concrete form. We're often just dealing with the fallout of its scheming.

Unknown Role (None): I've actually fallen in battle myself. I spent some time wandering the realm of the Wayob. It was unlike anything I'd ever experienced before.

Unknown Role (None): The realm of the Wayob? Does that mean the Wayob exist somewhere in Natlan?

Unknown Role (None): Hard to say. The realm's not somewhere you can access by ordinary means, and very few people are capable of establishing a mental connection with the Wayob.

Unknown Role (None): We call this realm the "Night Kingdom," a mysterious, liminal space between the body and mind, life and death.

Unknown Role (None): The fact that you were resurrected at all is the worst thing in the world.

Unknown Role (None): Then, releasing you from your timeout has gotta come in at a close second.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, you would do well to speak with reverence of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw... Lest you live to regret it!

Unknown Role (None): If you're done arguing... Your registration is now complete.

Unknown Role (None): It all went fairly quickly, considering we all know each other. Now, I just need to register your team members according to their name cards, and you'll be all set.

Unknown Role (None): In the meantime, you all can go rest at the hotel. As usual, dinner and lodging for tonight are free.

Unknown Role (None): Nice! Oh yeah, I forgot to mention... All food and entertainment before tomorrow's matches are on the house, courtesy of our Archon!

Unknown Role (None): Family and friends included! Which means, you both get in on it! Come on, let's go have some fun!

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Dig in, you guys! Eat as much as you want. These dishes are all local specialties.

Unknown Role (None): There's more where this came from, too, so don't be shy! Let's feast until the bill gives the Archon a heart attack!

Unknown Role (None): Don't be dramatic...

Unknown Role (None): The Pyro Archon is very generous. Even if it does cause some trouble for all the hotel workers and volunteers...

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of trouble, I've locked Ajaw away for now, so you don't have to worry about him being a nuisance.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, isn't that a little harsh?

Unknown Role (None): Eh, Kinich and Ajaw are always like that. Everyone has their own unique way of getting along with their Saurian companion.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): What's got you all down in the dumps, Kachina? You don't have to worry about tomorrow. I'll be with you every step of the way.

Unknown Role (None): I know, I know. Everything's fine, really. I'm just... I'm just nervous.

Unknown Role (None): I can't keep using my age as an excuse. I have to get stronger...

Unknown Role (None): I have to prove to people that I'm not trying to avoid the Night Warden Wars.

Unknown Role (None): You don't have to prove anything to anyone. You know your own heart, so stop beating yourself up over other people's opinions.

Unknown Role (None): If they don't think you deserve to bear your Ancient Name, they can take it up with the Wayob!

Unknown Role (None): Trust me, Kachina! The Wayob see something special in you!

Unknown Role (None): I just hope it's not the fact that I can take a few punches...

Unknown Role (None): I'm guessing the Pilgrimage hasn't gone too well in the past?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, I'm on a seven... or eight-Pilgrimage losing streak. My ranking has been improving little by little, but still, no wins.

Unknown Role (None): To be honest, losing seven or eight times isn't even a lot. Maybe other people can't see your improvement, but your performance still isn't something to scoff at.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, didn't you say you got really close before?

Unknown Role (None): It's just... what if I don't even make it through the team stage this time...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, have a little faith, will you? You've got me on your team!

Unknown Role (None): Stumble, and I'll be there to get you back on your feet. Run into someone you can't beat, and we'll face them together!

Unknown Role (None): I know you've never tasted victory, but you trust me, don't you?

Unknown Role (None): Mualani... *sniff* You're... You're the best!

Unknown Role (None): I trust you, I definitely do! And you're right. I've gotta pull myself together!

Unknown Role (None): I still don't know why the Wayob chose me to inherit an Ancient Name...

Unknown Role (None): But, I can't be the only bearer who's ever felt this way. If they can keep at it, so can I!

Unknown Role (None): Not to mention... the fact that your Ancient Name has survived until now means all your forebears managed to honor its meaning.

Unknown Role (None): Otherwise, it would be lost to us by now, shattered by defeat in battle.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! And you'll have us rooting for you, too!

Unknown Role (None): Just call us cheerleaders one and two.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, no! It should be the other way around. I was clearly the one who asked to learn from you...

Unknown Role (None): But, still... Thanks, you guys. *sniff* Geez, now I'm crying again... Everyone has been so nice to me today...

Unknown Role (None): I'll win this time, for sure! I won't let your support go to waste!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! I should eat something. My mom said I need to keep up my strength for tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): Nice to see your game face back, Kachina!

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for encouraging her, you two. It's easy for people to only see how she still has a lot to learn, so it isn't often that she meets people willing to treat her with patience.

Unknown Role (None): Don't you worry! We've seen how kind and hard-working she is. We can already tell she's a wonderful person!

Unknown Role (None): *sniffle*

Unknown Role (None): Take it easy. You're getting tears in your food.

Unknown Role (None): I—I'll pour you all some drinks. I brought some homemade fruit juice! Lemme just go grab some cups!

Unknown Role (None): She even travels with homemade juice!?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, Kachina's backpack is practically a bottomless pit. It's got everything.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* That's true, but she definitely only offered us some so she could go find somewhere to cry for a little while.

Unknown Role (None): Seems like you two really look out for her.

Unknown Role (None): She's like a little sister to me, you know? She's already so talented, she just needs that one, decisive win to convince her of it.

Unknown Role (None): And I have a feeling this is the one. This could be the win that finally gives her that confidence!

Unknown Role (None): Why are you so sure? Is that what happened to you?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no, no. I was just born confident.

Unknown Role (None): Mualani's being modest. She's already a three-time veteran of the Night Warden Wars. Came out on top each time — and she's never had to be resurrected.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, that's amazing!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, it's no big deal. The opponents I had to face were pretty tame, that's all... No, wait, that makes it sound too unimpressive...

Unknown Role (None): Either way, the challenges haven't been that difficult so far. But, I'd love to fight alongside Kachina and experience the glory of victory together — the flowers, the applause...

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon gets it! That's how Paimon and Traveler are too!

Unknown Role (None): Fighting side by side? Yeah, I guess...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! A little more confidence, please! Paimon's always there to cheer you on!

Unknown Role (None): Fighting side by side? Are we, really?

Unknown Role (None): #Of course! Just think about it, Traveler. Where would you be without your guide?

Unknown Role (None): Drinks are here! Better try them while they're still fresh!

Unknown Role (None): Feeling better now, Kachina?

Unknown Role (None): Me? Hehe, I'm totally fine! Really, I promise. That was just nerves, earlier.

Unknown Role (None): I'm gonna get some meat in my system, then head out to get some exercise. Wanna be nice and loose for the tournament tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): I'll come with you!

Unknown Role (None): Just don't go overboard, okay? The last thing we need is for someone to oversleep. We've got an early day tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, if only we had a friend who never oversleeps...

Unknown Role (None): ...Alright, fine. I'll make sure you guys are up on time.

Unknown Role (None): Attaboy! I knew you'd catch on!

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): That would be quite the lively affair.

Unknown Role (None): #Safe travels, Traveler. You're welcome back anytime. If you let us know in advance, we could arrange even more people to greet you when you return.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're back! Did you forget something?

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): H—Huh...? That's not right. Is the Statue asleep, or something?

Unknown Role (None): ...I don't sense anything.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, shouldn't you be able to shoot fireballs or summon flame pillars by now?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing happened...

Unknown Role (None): I don't sense any elemental energy either.

Unknown Role (None): Strange... Must be something unique to Natlan.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): It didn't work when you tried earlier, either. Now we know that wasn't a fluke... What's going on here?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You can get elemental power from the Statue of The Seven?

Unknown Role (None): It's always worked before.

Unknown Role (None): This would've been such a good opportunity to show Kachina how impressive you are...

Unknown Role (None): It's so weird that it's not working... There must be something about Natlan...

Unknown Role (None): Aw, I would've liked to see that...

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, Kachina. We got your hopes up for nothing.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, it's alright. If anything, I'm even more curious now! Were you really able to gain elemental powers just by touching the Statue of The Seven?

Unknown Role (None): That's something only Vision bearers can use!

Unknown Role (None): Yup. It's always been that way.

Unknown Role (None): Still not too clear on the how or the why, though.

Unknown Role (None): C—Could you show me? Only if you want to, I mean... No pressure!

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): #Take it away, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, different elemental powers... wielded by a single person! I've never even heard of something like that!

Unknown Role (None): Let me give it a try!

Unknown Role (None): ...Nope. Still just Geo.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I was right! You really are something special!

Unknown Role (None): Just wait until you hear about our previous adventures!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! What's that?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's a Qucusaur! They fly high and fast, and they're always full of energy.

Unknown Role (None): Reminds me of our time in Mondstadt.

Unknown Role (None): Right? It's been ages since that day we first saw Dvalin. We've come so far!

Unknown Role (None): "There's something huge, in the sky!"

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon already made the connection, Traveler. You don't have to imitate her!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, before I forget... We've got a pretty long trek ahead of us, so, here, take this.

Unknown Role (None): They look like shiny little gems, don't they? Don't be fooled, though, hehe... It's actually candy! My mom made them.

Unknown Role (None): I always bring a few when I know I'm gonna be out and about for a while. A little boost of sugar can really come in handy in a pinch!

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon loves candy. Thanks!

Unknown Role (None): That's very generous of you!

Unknown Role (None): My pleasure! My pleasure! I've got all sorts of bits and bobs on me. I'm sure they'll come in handy at some point!

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Get a good rest, everyone. I wish you all the best in tomorrow's competition.