(Quest is part of chapter: Chapter V: Act V Incandescent Ode of Resurrection)

# When All Becomes a Monument

Side by side with Mavuika, you defeat Gosoythoth and emerge as a hero revered by all in Natlan. Take this moment to enjoy the glory that is rightfully yours.


## Talk 1

(Talk to your companions)

Black Screen Text: Your friends cheer for your return as the people of Natlan celebrate your victory.
Black Screen Text: In the interest of safety, you allow a doctor to check for signs of Abyssal corrosion.
Louqua: Unbelievable... No signs of Abyssal corruption whatsoever. The same goes for the Pyro Archon.
Louqua: In that case, just get some rest, and enjoy your victory.
Paimon: That means... There's officially nothing to worry about!
Paimon: You won, hahahaha! You actually won!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Finally, it's time to relax.
> Paimon: Paimon knew you could do it! The Abyss is no match for you!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Finally, someone to speak for me.
> Paimon: Is that all Paimon is to you...? You know what? Never mind. You get a free pass on all Paimon-teasing today!

Iansan: #You did it again, Traveler. Your strength is remarkable!
Iansan: And now, Natlan is finally free from the threat of the Abyss!
Mualani: Welcome back, great hero... I can't wait to tell your story to everyone!
Ororon: We should record it on a woven scroll, too. That way, your story will be preserved in my tribe for generations to come.
Ororon: I'm sure the Grannies and Gramps back home are already on it.
Chasca: #Amazing job, Traveler. Becoming the first outlander with an ancient name definitely makes you a legend.
Xilonen: The Lord of the Night was right to place her trust in you. She chose the perfect name.
Kachina: Th—The most important thing is that you made it back safe! Now, I don't have to worry about the rescue plan!
Paimon: You came up with a rescue plan?
Kachina: #W—Well, Traveler already saved me once. So, yeah... If things got risky down there, I was gonna charge in and rescue him!
Iansan: I don't think it would be quite so simple, Kachina. But, still...
Iansan: If something like that really did happen, I'd come for you, too, no matter what it took.
Mualani: Couldn't have said it better myself!
Kinich: Bravery aside, I try not to act on impulse... But, I suppose there's an exception to every rule.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Before you praise me too much...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I have something to say.

Traveler: In the Ley Lines, I encountered many souls of the dead, and I could hear everyone rooting for me from above.
Paimon: Wait, really? Who did you see?
Traveler: I saw Atea, Vichama, Chuychu, and all six heroes from five hundred years ago... Not to mention, I heard the messages you left for me in my ancient name.
Traveler: I have to thank each and every one of you.
Traveler: Without your help, I could never have defeated an enemy as strong as the Abyss.
Ororon: So, you heard everything we said...
Xilonen: Those messages became part of your name during the forging process. I just didn't expect them to come in handy at such a crucial moment...
Iansan: To think that you heard them, though... Th—That's a little embarrassing...
Mualani: Hey, what's embarrassing about that? I'll say it again right now!
Mualani: Being your friend makes me so happy! Hehehe~
Chasca: ...Heh, good one, Chuychu.
Mavuika: #Things are looking lively over here. How are you feeling, Traveler?
Traveler: I feel completely fine.
Mavuika: Great, just what I wanted to hear.
Mavuika: The preparations for your celebration ceremony are almost complete.
Paimon: Celebration ceremony?
Mavuika: According to tradition, we hold a celebration ceremony for our most outstanding warriors after their final Pilgrimage.
Mavuika: In most cases, "outstanding" means warriors who earned more than twenty victories in the Night Warden Wars.
Mavuika: It's an exceedingly rare honor. You can think of it almost like a lifetime achievement award.
Ororon: We haven't held one of those ceremonies in a long time, though...
Mavuika: #True, but given Traveler's exceptional contribution to this victory, I think he is more than worthy of the honor.
Mavuika: Let's head to the center of the Stadium, and I'll announce the honor to everyone. You deserve a formal round of applause for this achievement.
Mualani: Oooh, then I'm gonna grab the best seat in the house!
Kachina: Wait, I—I'm coming, too!
Iansan: Kamera... This calls for a Kamera...
Paimon: Haha, slow down! There's no rush!
Paimon: Mavuika, if this ceremony is to celebrate defeating the Abyss, don't you deserve the same honor?
Mavuika: What's the point of holding a victory feast for yourself? Besides, I'm already the Pyro Archon — that's enough honor for a lifetime.
Mavuika: Let's go. Everyone's waiting for us.

## Talk 3

(Go towards the "parade of blessings")

Mavuika: Today, Natlan's long struggle against the Abyss has met its end.
Mavuika: Many fought for this day and gave their lives for this cause — we must not forget them, or the heroic outlander who lent us their aid.
Mavuika: #His ancient name, "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini," will be immortalized in the history of Natlan.
Mavuika: From this point on, there will be no more Night Warden Wars, and I pray the Ode of Resurrection will never again need to bring back the fallen.
Mavuika: We fought for a singular purpose — peace. And now, it has been achieved.
Mavuika: #The funeral to commemorate the fallen will be held on a later day. In the meantime, our hero will embark on a parade of blessings. Let us send him off with a round of applause.
Mavuika: #And show him the warmth and gratitude of our people!
Crowd: Wohoooooo!
Mavuika: Go on, this is your moment. You should savor it.
Traveler: But... what about you?
Mavuika: Now that the threat of the Abyss has been eliminated, we finally have a chance to restore the Night Kingdom.
Mavuika: I'll take care of that first.
Paimon: Okay! We'll look forward to good news!

## Talk 4

(Receive the crown)

Pacal: Just a moment, great hero. Before you set out on the parade of blessings, please accept these feathered accessories.
Wayna: We bestow these gifts to every hero who receives this honor. They are proof of your bravery and strength and mark you as a role model for all in Natlan.
Amina: Thank you for everything... Thank you for saving us from the Abyss!
Mutota: Now, the person who has the honor of adorning you with these gifts is none other than one of Natlan's most outstanding warriors, Chasca!
Paimon: Oh, it's just someone we know.
Chasca: You sound disappointed.
Traveler: By "someone we know," Paimon meant "a cherished comrade."
Paimon: Exactly! It, uh... makes this moment even more special because we're already friends!
Chasca: Well... Both in a personal capacity and as a representative of all warriors in Natlan, I bestow upon you this blessing.
Chasca: May your flame forever burn pure and bright.
Acatl: With us by your side, you'll never fight alone!
Biram: Time to embark on your parade of blessings.

## Talk 5 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Chasca: Go on. Everyone's waiting for your victory parade.

## Talk 5

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Balam: Great hero... Could I have a moment of your time?
Balam: A lot of people here really look up to you and would love get a picture or an autograph.
Balam: You don't mind indulging them for a little bit, do you?
Paimon: Wow, look at all the people... They must have been waiting here for a long time.
Paimon: #That doesn't sound like too much to ask, right Traveler?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Alright.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Just a few photos and autographs, right?

Balam: That's right! The photo booth is this way, and the autograph area is over there.
Balam: The parade of blessings will continue in that direction. So, head to the next area whenever you're ready — we'll be cheering for you!

## Talk 6 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Balam: Don't worry, someone will show you the way.

## Talk 6

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Wakanka: Yes, that's it!
Nusta: Thank you!
Wakanka: That pose is perfect!
Waniyetu: Such a precious memento...
Wakanka: Wow, it looks great!
Aucaman: Can I have one more photo? Just one more!
Paimon: Sorry, only one photo per person! There's still a lot of people waiting.
Aucaman: It's okay — one is enough! One is more than enough!
Wakanka: Look over here... Perfect! This is going straight into the next issue.
Yaretzi: Thank you, hero... Thank you so much for everything you've done for Natlan.
Wakanka: Alright, that's all the film. No more pictures, everyone!
Eluney: Huh!?
Wakanka: We can't keep our great hero here forever. Thank you for your participation and your understanding, everyone!
Paimon: Wow, everyone's so enthusiastic... Paimon bets she could make a small fortune by selling photos of you to people in Natlan!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Paimon...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Don't even think about it.

Paimon: Alright, alright! It was just a joke!

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Wakanka: Thank you for indulging everyone. It meant a lot to them.

## Talk 7

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Wuttunee: Line up, everyone. Single file, please! The hero will begin signing autographs.
Traveler: (What name should I sign...?)
Traveler: ("Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini"... seems like the obvious choice.)
Traveler: (I'm starting to get the hang of this. Let's go for a few more...)
[Missing Dialog 50290505]

Wuttunee: Alright, last one! The great hero has a parade to finish!
Wuttunee: Thank you for taking the time to sign those autographs. We really appreciate it.

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Paimon: What's on your mind, Xilonen?
Xilonen: I was just thinking about your ancient name, "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini." It's truly a perfect fit.
Xilonen: Seeing how much hope you've given to the people here... It makes that even more true.

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Wuttunee: Thanks again for the autographs.

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Ajaw: Why does no one ask for the autograph of the Almighty Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw!?
Kinich: Ajaw was just practicing his signature with a rock. Still waiting on the admirers, though...
Ajaw: HEY! Keep it to yourself!

## Talk 8

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Wampuna: Sorry to bother you, great hero.
Wampuna: I'm a messenger from the Scions of the Canopy. I know everyone's been curious about the hidden message behind "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini."
Sadigua: Every ancient name has a story behind it and comes with a certain mantra...
Sadigua: Usually, the Wayob reveal those mantras to our chiefs in a dream, but yours is still unknown to us.
Paimon: Oh, you mean like the lines the six heroes recited when they appeared!
Paimon: #But, um, where do they come from? Is it something you have to decide, Traveler?
Traveler: In the beginning, there was darkness.
Traveler: Until someone set themselves aflame.
Traveler: Only then did the universe know light.
Crowd: Ohhhhhh...!
Wampuna: That was beautiful! I've got it all down!
Paimon: That's the final element of your ancient name, right? That means you've been completely accepted by Natlan's Ley Lines!
Traveler: The Lord of the Night gave those words to me.
Sadigua: From the Lord of the Night herself...
Sadigua: Legendary! Truly legendary!
Crowd: "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini! Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini! Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini!"

## Talk 9 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Olapa: Huh? It's the great hero! Please, come dance with us!
Paimon: #Whoa! Wh—What do you think, Traveler? Should we join them?

Option 1:

> Traveler: *Let's give it a whirl.*
> Paimon: Alright! Paimon's always willing to try something new!
> Olapa: Hey, not bad! You're a natural!
> Alakai: Let's hear it for our hero!

Option 2:

> Traveler: I—I think I'll pass.
> Alakai: That's alright! Let's hear it for our hero!


## Talk 9 (alternative/additional)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Olapa: For music, and for the Sacred Flame!
Alakai: Ohh!

## Talk 9 (variant 1)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Balam: #We now arrive at the end of the parade of blessings. Let us offer Traveler our blessings one more time and give him a resounding round of applause!
Crowd: WOOOHOOO!
Traveler: Thank you, everyone.
Paimon: #That's a hero's welcome if Paimon ever saw one, Traveler!
Paimon: You deserve it, of course! Considering the risk you took.
Citlali: #Traveler, Paimon! Finally! I was looking everywhere for you!
Paimon: Citlali! Why didn't you come to the parade?
Citlali: Never mind that! I have something important to tell you. Come with me!
Citlali: I went to revisit the revelations in my dreams as soon as you came back from battle.
Citlali: But, I couldn't fall asleep just anywhere — I needed somewhere private. I didn't want anyone to overhear me sleep-talk or watch me contort myself into some weird position...
Citlali: Anyway, that's not the important part! It's about Mavuika's death — her fate hasn't changed at all.
Paimon: What!?
Traveler: But, we both made it back!
Paimon: Didn't you defeat the bad guy behind all this? Does that mean the war isn't over?
Citlali: No, the disaster is over, but my dreams never lie...
Citlali: That's why I came to find you. I need to know what I'm missing.
Citlali: Where is Mavuika right now? Did she tell you what she's planning?
Paimon: She said she was going to restore the Night Kingdom... Compared to fighting the Abyss, that should be pretty easy, right?
Traveler: After all, the corrosion should be gone by now...
Citlali: Easy... not so much. We can't restore the Ley Lines without the Lord of the Night, and I'm not sure she has enough power to do it on her own.
Citlali: The Lord of the Night is weak right now. She told us that herself, remember? I'll admit — restoring the Ley Lines is simpler than reconstructing them entirely, but it's still no easy feat...

Option 1:

> Traveler: You've got a point...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Otherwise, Mavuika wouldn't need to get involved.

Paimon: True... If the Lord of the Night could restore the Ley Lines by herself, all Mavuika would need to do is tell her we won.
Citlali: Not even that. The Lord of the Night knows the Ley Lines better than anyone. I'm sure she knew of your victory before us all.
Citlali: Point being, this matter is far more complicated than the Archon made it out to be. We need to get to the bottom of this.
Traveler: But, why would she hide the truth from us?
Citlali: Mavuika has accepted her death, remember? For her to let someone else dictate her end, there can be only one possibility...
Citlali: She must think the outcome of her death... is worth it.
Citlali: The moment Mavuika used the Ruler of Death's power, death was demanded in return — not necessarily as repayment for her aid, but as a "rule."
Citlali: That means Mavuika doesn't have to just sacrifice herself to the Ruler of Death. She can still use her death to get something in return.
Traveler: Like... dying for a cause?
Paimon: Then, let's get going! Where do you think she went? Could it be where we found the Source Mechanism?
Citlali: The Lord of the Night should now be able to appear anywhere in Natlan. What we need to know is where the Ruler of Death can be summoned.
Citlali: According to the Lord of the Night, the Ruler of Death is one of the shining Shades, an extremely elusive figure. Even woven scrolls dating back thousands of years have nearly no mentions of her.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Mavuika once met Xbalanque.

Option 2:

> Traveler: She told us about it before.

Paimon: Right! Xbalanque created the rules of Natlan by borrowing power from the Ruler of Death — that means he's met her before!
Paimon: Do you know where can find him? Or, um... his resting place?
Citlali: Legend remembers him as a wise ruler, one who left little behind.
Citlali: But, there is a place we could check — Ochkanatlan, the ruins we now refer to as "Cinder City."
Citlali: It was built on the site of a Dragon city and became known as the first city of the Pyro Archon. That's mostly likely where Xbalanque met the Ruler of Death.
Paimon: Alright, then to Och... ka... Cinder City it is! Yeah, Paimon's gonna stick with that name.
Citlali: It's not easy to get there, so follow me — I'll take you.

## Talk 9 (variant 2)

(Continue on the "parade of blessings")

Balam: #We now arrive at the end of the parade of blessings. Let us offer Traveler our blessings one more time and give him a resounding round of applause!
Crowd: WOOOHOOO!
Traveler: Thank you, everyone.
Paimon: #That's a hero's welcome if Paimon ever saw one, Traveler!
Paimon: You deserve it, of course! Considering the risk you took.
Citlali: #Traveler, Paimon! Finally! I was looking everywhere for you!
Paimon: Citlali! Why didn't you come to the parade?
Citlali: Never mind that! I have something important to tell you. Come with me!
Citlali: I went to revisit the revelations in my dreams as soon as you came back from battle.
Citlali: But, I couldn't fall asleep just anywhere — I needed somewhere private. I didn't want anyone to overhear me sleep-talk or watch me contort myself into some weird position...
Citlali: Anyway, that's not the important part! It's about Mavuika's death — her fate hasn't changed at all.
Paimon: What!?
Traveler: But, we both made it back!
Paimon: Didn't you defeat the bad guy behind all this? Does that mean the war isn't over?
Citlali: No, the disaster is over, but my dreams never lie...
Citlali: That's why I came to find you. I need to know what I'm missing.
Citlali: Where is Mavuika right now? Did she tell you what she's planning?
Paimon: She said she was going to restore the Night Kingdom... Compared to fighting the Abyss, that should be pretty easy, right?
Traveler: After all, the corrosion should be gone by now...
Citlali: Easy... not so much. We can't restore the Ley Lines without the Lord of the Night, and I'm not sure she has enough power to do it on her own.
Citlali: The Lord of the Night is weak right now. She told us that herself, remember? I'll admit — restoring the Ley Lines is simpler than reconstructing them entirely, but it's still no easy feat...

Option 1:

> Traveler: You've got a point...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Otherwise, Mavuika wouldn't need to get involved.

Paimon: True... If the Lord of the Night could restore the Ley Lines by herself, all Mavuika would need to do is tell her we won.
Citlali: Not even that. The Lord of the Night knows the Ley Lines better than anyone. I'm sure she knew of your victory before us all.
Citlali: Point being, this matter is far more complicated than the Archon made it out to be. We need to get to the bottom of this.
Traveler: But, why would she hide the truth from us?
Citlali: Mavuika has accepted her death, remember? For her to let someone else dictate her end, there can be only one possibility...
Citlali: She must think the outcome of her death... is worth it.
Citlali: The moment Mavuika used the Ruler of Death's power, death was demanded in return — not necessarily as repayment for her aid, but as a "rule."
Citlali: That means Mavuika doesn't have to just sacrifice herself to the Ruler of Death. She can still use her death to get something in return.
Traveler: Like... dying for a cause?
Paimon: Then, let's get going! Where do you think she went? Could it be where we found the Source Mechanism?
Citlali: The Lord of the Night should now be able to appear anywhere in Natlan. What we need to know is where the Ruler of Death can be summoned.
Citlali: According to the Lord of the Night, the Ruler of Death is one of the shining Shades, an extremely elusive figure. Even woven scrolls dating back thousands of years have nearly no mentions of her.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Mavuika once met Xbalanque.

Option 2:

> Traveler: She told us about it before.

Paimon: Right! Xbalanque created the rules of Natlan by borrowing power from the Ruler of Death — that means he's met her before!
[Missing Dialog 50290739]

Citlali: It's not easy to get there, so follow me — I'll take you.

Paimon: Wait, do you think Xbalanque could have met the Ruler of Death in Cinder City, the one they call... Ochkanatlan?
Citlali: It's very likely. After all, Ochkanatlan was built on the site of a previous Dragon city — it's known as the first city of the Pyro Archon.
Paimon: Alright! Then, let's head over right away!
[Missing Dialog 50290804]

## Talk 10 (alternative/additional)

(Go to where Mavuika is)

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NPC): Missing text (0)

## Talk 10

(Go to where Mavuika is)

Ronova: I have grown weary of the endless wait. The fate of this land is of no interest to me anymore.
Ronova: However, you humans managed to meet the expectations of the Heavenly Principles... For that result, you deserve praise.
Ronova: Mavuika, as the price for using my power, I shall now bear witness to your death.
Ronova: And with you, the war that your nation has waged for more than a thousand years shall meet its end.
Citlali: Mavuika!
Mavuika: Ah, you got here sooner than I expected.
Paimon: ...Wh—What are you doing!?
Mavuika: Closing the final chapter on the plan that has consumed Natlan for five hundred... no, for the entirety of our history.
Mavuika: We've eradicated the Abyss from Natlan, but its power remains in worlds beyond Teyvat, tremendous and unyielding.
Mavuika: Only by completely restoring the Night Kingdom can we defend against its corrosion in the long run.
Mavuika: But, the architect of the Night Kingdom is near her end. She lacks the power for such a task.
Mavuika: Worse still, if her life force is depleted, the rules of Natlan disappear along with her.
Mavuika: We have no need for the Ode of Resurrection right now, but it remains Natlan's strongest defense should the Abyss return one day.
Citlali: So, you're planning to...
Mavuika: Yes, my plan is to once again place my life within the Sacred Flame.
Mavuika: Five hundred years ago, I gave my life for the chance to be reborn in this era.
Mavuika: A chance to see all my plans to completion. And now, to sustain the Lord of the Night, I will give my life once more.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: I respect your decision, Mavuika, but this method requires an immense sacrifice.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: The flames of your life force are exceedingly strong, but a life sustained by fire is one destined to die out one day. What will you do then?
Mavuika: I've thought about that... With the Abyss out of the picture for now, the Sacred Flame's power will be consumed at a much slower rate. My life force should be able to sustain it for another two or three hundred years.
Mavuika: Future Pyro Archons will continue to seek new sources of fire. As long as Natlan's legacy endures, the Night Kingdom will survive, impervious to the Abyss.
Ronova: Once again, you place hope in the hands of the future...
Citlali: But, the Pilgrimage can replenish the power of the Sacred Flame! We can give it that meaning! Why shoulder this burden by yourself?
Mavuika: Because, I want the Pilgrimage to change.
Mavuika: The Pilgrimage was an essential part of our struggle against the Abyss — a grand competition full of promise and glory. But, it also chained our people to an inescapable destiny.
Mavuika: Fear and anxiety have been our constant companions. We knew what the consequences would be if we laid down our arms. Morality left us with no other choice.
Mavuika: And so, Natlan became the nation of war.
Mavuika: This is where Xbalanque defeated the dragons and granted our people the liberation of their flesh. And now, in the same place, I have the chance to grant them the liberation of their spirit.
Mavuika: There will be no war, only competition — one fueled by our dreams for the future rather than a desperate struggle for survival.
Mavuika: A new future deserves a new meaning, a chance to take a definitive step forward.
Citlali: ...
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Very noble indeed, but what does any of this have to do with you? You speak of duty, but not yourself.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: In my eyes, Mavuika, you are not inherently special — a child of Natlan among countless others.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Yes, the situation is urgent and the Ley Lines must be restored right away, but it is too heavy a burden for you to shoulder alone.
Mavuika: That is where we differ, Lord of the Night. You see all humans as the same, but I understand what it means to be a leader.
Mavuika: A leader is swift and decisive in the face of reality.
Mavuika: Someone capable of making the "right choice" even when there are no good options on the table.
Mavuika: Sacrificing the remainder of my life to help Natlan overcome this crisis... That is the right choice.
Mavuika: After all, leadership is built on the trust of ordinary people. Without them, there is no Archon.
Mavuika: The people look to their leader to make the world a better place and stand up for them when it counts.
Mavuika: For that reason, I must see my duty through to the very end.
Citlali: But, what about you, Mavuika? You still haven't talked about what you want...
Citlali: Is it that unimportant to you?
Mavuika: It's not important, Citlali.
Mavuika: There is nothing more important than protecting the future we built together!
Traveler: (It's hard to argue with her logic. She probably knew we would come and prepared what to say in advance.)
Traveler: (It's time for Natlan to enter a new era, and I know she wants to fulfill her duty as a "leader," but...)
Traveler: (She deserves to have a place in the future she built with her people.)
Ronova: I shall accept Mavuika's sacrifice for the Lord of the Night as her death, and I will bear witness to the very end.
Ronova: Thus concludes the deal I made with Xbalanque several thousand years ago.
Ronova: Lord of the Night, you may now begin.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: ...
Ronova: What are you waiting for?
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: There is another who wishes to take part in the ceremony, and I cannot disregard their intentions. I must wait for them to arrive.
Mavuika: Another...?
Ronova: *sigh* I was to bear witness to a death, and now the situation is increasingly tenuous.
Ronova: If the life of this second individual fails to meet my requirements, I fear I may lose my patience.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Rest assured, his life will hold equal value. I am the helper of humanity, and I must always place their demands first, no matter who the human may be.
Ronova: Hm, cumbersome, but there is nothing to be done — such is the duty of an angel.
Citlali: Wait, this feeling...
Ororon: *panting*... We made it.
"The Captain": Thank you for showing me the way.
Paimon: The Captain!?
Mavuika: The other individual you mentioned... It was him?
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Indeed. Like you, he carries many lofty ideals.
"The Captain": Mavuika, I understand how you feel, and if I were an ordinary mortal, I would have no reason to stop you.
"The Captain": But, like you, I have been waiting for this day for too long, and I can offer a better solution.
"The Captain": You created this new future, and you deserve to guide its direction. Your life should not end here.
"The Captain": But, death... is the end I have been trying to reach all along. I have come this far to use my death to open the gates of the Ley Lines to my people.
Paimon: Your people!?
Traveler: Wait, the souls I saw in my dream?
"The Captain": That's right. They have been with me for the past five hundred years.
Ororon: But, how!? Carrying that many souls within you... There's no way you could keep your consciousness intact!
Ororon: Besides, you weren't affected by the Source Mechanism like I was.
"The Captain": Do you still remember the voice that you "heard"?
"The Captain": It came from my heart. With the help of technology from Khaenri'ah, my heart was modified to convert memories and souls from the Ley Lines into knowledge.
"The Captain": As a result, I became extremely sensitive to souls and developed the ability to sense their presence... much like yourself.
"The Captain": After encountering countless lost souls during the disaster five hundred years ago, I forsook the capacity for knowledge granted by the modification and used my heart as a vessel instead.
"The Captain": The lives of my comrades, as well as many Natlanese, have been stored here ever since.
Mavuika: And you want to... send them home?
"The Captain": Yes. The Ley Lines will not accept them. But, by merging my existence with the Lord of the Night, I can become master of the Ley Lines and change the rules entirely.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: He expressed this to me, and I agreed.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: The Captain envisions a kinder and fairer set of rules for humanity. In addition, he aims to challenge the authority of the Ruler of Death... In a word, his goal is revenge.
Paimon: R—Revenge!?
"The Captain": After all, it's because of her that I bear the curse of immortality, the curse of absolute life.
Ronova: I now understand that which you seek...
"The Captain": Then, bear witness to my resolve and hatred.
"The Captain": The people of Khaenri'ah committed grave sins, and for that we were cursed to suffer endless physical torment, cursed to witness the demise of everything we held dear.
"The Captain": But, most of us were innocent. Most of us knew nothing of the Five Sinners' exploitation of Abyssal power... myself included.
"The Captain": If I sacrifice my life for the Lord of the Night, you get the death you desire. But, at the same time, the curse of immortality would negate the very death you seek.
"The Captain": Left unresolved, that paradox could uproot the natural order of this world... Even you, great Ruler of Death, lack the capacity to bear the consequences of that outcome.
"The Captain": Your curse is now the tool with which I will overturn the oppression of the gods. This is my challenge to you...
"The Captain": Forsake one of your rules — the choice is yours.

## Talk 11

(Witness the moment that the "rules" are upheld)

Paimon: The Captain, he...
Ororon: The curse of immortality still exists. Does that mean... The Captain will never move from this place?
Mavuika: Lord of the Night, is The Captain still with us?
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: There is no need to pursue traces of him. For those cursed with immortality, release from the mortal coil is the greatest form of peace.
Mavuika: Even so, please pass on my gratitude.
Mavuika: His long journey has finally come to a close. I suppose... this is a happy ending for him.
Mavuika: I cannot imagine how much pain he endured over the past five hundred years... or how much strength it took to never stray from his goal.
Ororon: There's something I've been trying to figure out... I don't think I ever saw him sleep.
Ororon: I tried to ask him about it on the way here, but he didn't answer. Just like always, he never talks about himself...
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: It's probably due to the voices.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: When souls merge in a single being, their voices echo endlessly through the mind.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Souls that retain memories of their death often scream and wail in despair... Considering the number of souls inside him, that effect would be even greater.
Paimon: So, over the past five hundred years, he didn't sleep... at all?

Option 1:

> Traveler: No wonder Dain's method of slowing the decay of his body...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Didn't work for him.

Citlali: Without experiencing the curse of immortality, we will never truly know his agony.
Citlali: But, I can see why his hatred for the Ruler of Death was so strong.
Citlali: In the end, he used that immortality to his advantage and granted the Lord of the Night eternal life by fusing his existence with hers.
Citlali: Well fought, Captain.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: You may wonder why the Night Kingdom, a land of souls, was unable to accept the souls adrift on the surface...
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: The reason lies in the Heavenly Principles' modifications to the Ley Lines. The original purpose was to help counter the Abyss. And so, their stability was paramount.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: But, at one point in time, Natlan's Ley Lines were decimated. Even after reconstruction, the rules needed for the Ode of Resurrection made it impossible to reconnect the Ley Lines to other nations.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: That unique quality is precisely what drew The Captain to Natlan.
Mavuika: Did he try the same thing in other nations?
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Yes, but all those attempts ended in failure.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: He fought to save Natlan not only to defeat the Abyss, but because this is the only land where the souls within him could find salvation.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: We met not long ago to talk about that very possibility, and I confirmed the feasibility of his plan.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: I, too, recognized the need to change the rules of the Ley Lines, not only for the souls that wander this land, but for the outlanders that may perish here in the future...
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: In the eyes of the Heavenly Principles, that kind of change is extremely risky, if not impermissible... But, as an Angel, I have a duty to serve humanity — such is my mandate.
Citlali: Thank you for everything.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Citlali, when I gave you the Pilgrim's Chronicle, I said something rather pessimistic to you... Do you remember?
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: How many years of life are enough? Ten? One hundred? I thought it made no difference...
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: But, now, I have the chance to live forever. I am immensely grateful to humanity for this gift, and I am deeply sorry I thought so little of it in the past.
Citlali: You don't need to thank us. You bear a heavy responsibility.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Heavy? No. That responsibility is the purpose of my existence.
Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night: Farewell, humans, creators of miracles. A new era awaits you.
Citlali: Looks like she returned to the Night Kingdom.
Ororon: So, this was The Captain's goal all along...
Ororon: He fought to the end for all those souls and challenged the rules of the world in the process.
Mavuika: He was an outstanding warrior.
Mavuika: He took on a burden that was meant for me and even brought about a better outcome... It would seem I lost this duel.
Mavuika: He was right — Natlan needs a leader to guide its future. If not a successor, then that responsibility will continue to be mine to bear.
Mavuika: But, for now, let us pay our final respects to this fallen hero.
Paimon: ...
Citlali: ...
Ororon: ...
Traveler: ...

## Talk 12

(Go to the Speaker's Chamber)

Mavuika: To my sister, Hine.
Mavuika: I know all that remains in the Night Kingdom is your memory, but I still wanted to write a short letter to tell you about the situation after the war.
Mavuika: After countless partings and farewells, Natlan has finally entered an era of peace.
Mavuika: The Pilgrimage is still a popular tournament, but now, its only purpose is to showcase the thrill of competition rather than select warriors for war.
Mavuika: Our cultural legacy is not rooted in our suffering. In this era of peace, Natlan's fire will burn brighter than ever.
Mavuika: With the restoration of the Night Kingdom, our people are now free to leave our borders, and many have set their sights on the wonders of Teyvat.
Mavuika: I'm sure many exciting and eye-opening adventures await them.
Mavuika: And although our battle scars will fade, the stories of our heroes will never be forgotten.
Mavuika: When a new you returns to this land one day, I know you'll recognize the significance of this war and all we lost.
Mavuika: The land we love has not been destroyed, but grows stronger by the day.
Mavuika: I will forever be grateful that I got to see you again.
Mavuika: And when the flames deliver this letter to you, I hope you know how much I miss you.
Mavuika: Huh, I actually got the chance to finish this painting.
Mavuika: And not a moment too soon. It's time to bid farewell to all the fallen.

## Talk 15

(Go to where the memorial ceremony is being held)

Mavuika: We are gathered here today to bid farewell to all who lost their lives in this war.
Mavuika: This struggle has caused us profound pain and brought us face to face with loneliness and loss.
Mavuika: But, through it all, our bravery and resolve never wavered, and we never lost sight of victory.
Mavuika: Even the tiniest of sparks can unite to become a blazing fire.
Mavuika: They lit our way forward and showed us the path to victory.
Mavuika: When our homeland is revived, and life blooms again, they will return to us with the first rain of spring.
Mavuika: It is just as our poem describes:
Mavuika: "We are the inheritors of memory and legend."
Mavuika: "Those who grew alongside sun and wind."
Mavuika: "Those who forged our own destiny and future."
Mavuika: "That is Natlan's fire, the lifeblood of our nation."
Mavuika: The fallen are never truly lost to us. We will be reunited one day.
Mavuika: And as we create new legends and write new poems in honor of our beloved homeland, they will always be with us.
Mavuika: Their deeds immortalized in our memory, and their names immortalized in stone.
Mavuika: This epic will be remembered in the actions of every valiant warrior and brave saurian, all equally important and indispensable.
Mavuika: I would also like to take the time to recognize a Fatui Harbinger who sacrificed his life for our cause.
Mavuika: He was a warrior from Khaenri'ah who helped defend our nation five hundred years ago, a man who used his own heart as refuge for the souls of the fallen. For the chance to offer them a final resting place, he chose to fight with us once again.
Mavuika: In the end, he fulfilled his wish and returned the souls to the Ley Lines. By turning his curse into a weapon, he defeated his fated foe and protected me in the process.
Mavuika: We have had our differences in the past, and I cannot say his character is representative of all in his organization...
Mavuika: But, on this occasion, we honor him as one of our own. In Natlan, all heroes are worthy of celebration.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Ororon: When Guthred's soul possessed my body, all I saw was a dark abyss.
Ororon: The Captain carried countless souls within him. It must have taken so much strength to live like that for hundreds of years...
Ororon: For us, his death is something sad. But for him... maybe it finally allowed him to be at peace.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Mualani: Hey, did you hear? As long as we get permission from our chief, we can leave Natlan as much as we want!
Kachina: Yeah, it's because the Ley Lines have been restored, right? And the Lord of the Night is a lot stronger now!
Mualani: That means we can finally see the outside world for ourselves!
Mualani: I heard that Fontaine has a HUGE ocean! That is totally my vibe! I can't wait to go see it!
Kachina: I wanna go to Liyue! The mountains are supposed to be super tall!
Mualani: Sounds like the makings of a great vacation! Let's start planning!
Mualani: But, first, we all promised we would go to the hot springs together! Hehe, then we'll be "hot spring buddies" for life!

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Citlali: My teacher once said, "the weight of fate is decided by the one who has to bear it."
Citlali: You helped Natlan overcome a cruel fate. From now on, we will always be there to help you.
Citlali: Now, we just need to see where your fate... no, "our fate" leads us.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Ajaw: Strange... Why does no one praise the deeds of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw?
Ajaw: Does no one care about my heroism? A great hero such as myself, forced to remain nameless. Hmph, ignorant fools...
Kinich: Fine, I guess you helped out. Good job.
Ajaw: Well, well, well... A compliment! After all these years! It's about time you knew your place, lowly servant.
Ajaw: Hey! Why are you glaring at me? Oof—

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Xilonen: The stories of heroes will continue to be passed down from generation to generation.
Xilonen: If Natlan faces a crisis again, I'm sure people will look to our story as a source of hope.
Xilonen: We've earned our place in history... That's pretty surreal, don't you think?

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Iansan: Muscles grow stronger through periods of strain, and people work the same way.
Iansan: Even though the crisis is over, we will still band together for the sake of a new future!
Iansan: Oh, and you should really come to the Collective of Plenty sometime. Especially you, Paimon — your nutrition plan is already set!
Paimon: Okay... Um, so you can help Paimon get stronger, right?
Paimon: #If something like this happens again, Paimon wants to fight by Traveler's side!
Iansan: Haha, of course! You've got serious potential!

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Chasca: After you got back, you mentioned that you saw Chuychu in the Night Kingdom... So, she helped you, then?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Yeah, she brought a lot of Saurians.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And helped get through a tricky part of the Night Kingdom.

Chasca: Good. I'm sure that made her happy.
Chasca: ...

Option 1:

> Traveler: There's still time.

Option 2:

> Traveler: To see her in your dreams.

Chasca: It's alright. I don't think she's going to come see me.
Chasca: She's probably sick of nagging her older sister.
Chasca: Still, thank you for telling me. Natlan has a bright future because of you, and I have a chance to make up for my regrets.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Chimalli: Just like the Archon said — we can now proudly tell our children that this war is a thing of the past. It's a new chapter for all of us.
Chimalli: We will never forget your contribution, and Natlan will always be with you. May the Sacred Flame protect you in all the journeys to come.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Luta: When I was little, my father told me about Thrain, the "Sentinel Knight," an outlander who once fought alongside the warriors of Natlan.
Luta: He was brave, fearless, and deeply respected by his men. I always wished I could go back in time and see him in action...
Luta: I never thought that, in my lifetime, another outlander would fight to save this land, or that I would get the chance to fight by their side. I will treasure this honor for the rest of my life.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Huamanga: I knew about The Captain's immense strength, but I never expected him to have a such a strong sense of honor.
Huamanga: No matter how prejudiced I may have been in the past, he now has my utmost respect.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Mavuika: Ah, our hero is here! Is there something you want to discuss?

Option 1:

> Traveler: About the stances of the Heavenly Principles and the Shades...
> Mavuika: The forces of the Abyss have always sought to corrode Teyvat. The Ley Lines were created by the Heavenly Principles, and it is only with their protection that Teyvat is able to nurture all forms of life.
> Mavuika: If the Abyss had free reign, this world would become a living hell. We saw that for ourselves...
> Mavuika: Any attempt by humanity to harness the power of the Abyss is met with swift punishment. The Heavenly Principles and the Shades show no mercy in that regard.
> Mavuika: That unyielding approach is also the source of great sorrow and hatred... The situation goes beyond a simple discussion of "right" versus "wrong."
> Mavuika: Perhaps the truth will reveal itself during your future adventures.

Option 2:

> Traveler: About the Ode of Resurrection somehow taking effect before victory...
> Mavuika: Oh, isn't it obvious?
> Mavuika: The Ode of Resurrection didn't take effect at all.
> Mavuika: Your own strength is what allowed you to keep fighting, as well as the moral support from everyone in Natlan.
> Mavuika: Still, "moral support" is also an important, if under appreciated, effect of the Ode of Resurrection.

Option 3:

> Traveler: About Natlan's Gnosis...
> Mavuika: The Captain's subordinates sent us a letter he left behind. After our duel at the Stadium, he asked the Tsaritsa to remove him from the responsibility of obtaining the Gnosis, and his request was granted.
> Mavuika: The Captain respected the outcome of that match and refused to violate his principles. But, since this is the final Gnosis, I doubt the Tsaritsa will let the situation stand.
> Mavuika: Perhaps a replacement Harbinger will be sent here soon. I'll make sure to be prepared.

Option 4:

> Traveler: About the next stop on my journey...
> Mavuika: A direct conflict with the Fatui is unavoidable the moment you step foot in Snezhnaya.
> Mavuika: So, make sure you're ready for any scenario. On a related note, I've acquired some new intel about the fragment that suddenly appeared in the sky.
> Mavuika: Such fragments are known as "Ancient Moon's Remnants," relics of Secret Source technology from the era of the Ancient Dragons. Coincidentally, a small squad of Fatui infiltrated our borders around the same time it appeared.
> Mavuika: Our investigation revealed them to be subordinates of The Doctor. Their stronghold is in Nod-Krai, a land with a long history not far from Snezhnaya.
> Mavuika: The people there can use a very special power. It is said that this mysterious power predates even the seven elements of Teyvat.
> Mavuika: Ancient Moon's Remnants, The Doctor, a mysterious power... The project that connects all three must be ambitious indeed.

Option 5:

> Traveler: About the tribe my ancient name will belong to...
> Mavuika: Tribe? Oh, you're thinking along the lines of how the names of the six heroes were inherited...
> Mavuika: In truth, apart from a few ancient names associated with a certain tribal culture or tradition, most ancient names can be inherited by anyone.
> Mavuika: Your name likely falls under that category. The Wayob will select someone who shares your character and name them as your successor.
> Mavuika: Of course, that won't happen for a very long time.
> Traveler: I don't have any other questions...

Mavuika: The long journey of the Pyro Archon has now come to an end. Together, we overcame darkness and death to accomplish something truly remarkable.
Mavuika: As we celebrate your glory, allow me thank you once again — this time, just as "Mavuika."
Mavuika: Thank you for the respect, understanding, and support every step of the way.
Traveler: It was my honor.
Mavuika: An honor we share.
Mavuika: You can keep chatting with your friends nearby. I think I'll stay here for now... and watch over them.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Rotchev: My lord, you will forever serve as an example for all your soldiers.

## Talk 17

(Pay tribute to the heroes)

Paimon: #What are you thinking about, Traveler?
Paimon: Oh, the battle, right? Even though we won in the end, it cost a lot to get to this point, huh...
Salute (Monument): "Sing your final song with pride, like a hero's march to the other side."
Salute (Monument): #"This monument commemorates the {ABYSSWAR#1003} brave warriors who gave their lives in the War for Natlan."
Traveler: ...
Traveler: Let's leave this for them.

## Talk 18

(Embark on new adventures)

Yata: Story! Story! I wanna hear a story!
Cucuya: C'mon! Tell us! Tell us!
Sadigua: Well, you kids don't miss a beat, do you?
Sadigua: Alright, you can be the first audience for this new tale. Let me know what you think.
Sadigua: Now, where to begin...
Paimon: Wanna stop and listen to the story? Sounds pretty fun!
Traveler: Sure.
Sadigua: This is a story of the great heroes of our time.
Sadigua: There are three great heroes at the center of this tale.
Sadigua: #The first is an outlander known as "Traveler."
Sadigua: A warrior of great strength, completely immune to the power of the Abyss.
Sadigua: #Most importantly, Traveler is kind and brave, someone who treasures those around him. You could call him a natural-born hero!
Soncco: #Yeah, {F#s}he's super strong! Tell us more!
Ayun: Hey, just let him finish the story!
Paimon: #The man telling the story keeps looking this way, Traveler. Paimon thinks he recognizes you...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Well, we've really made a name ourselves in Natlan.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Listening to all this is a little embarrassing, though...

Sadigua: The second hero is also an outlander.
Sadigua: Many years ago, he forged a connection with this land and used his body as a vessel for the souls of his fallen comrades.
Sadigua: His goal was to give them a home and, with that, a chance to be reborn into this world.
Sadigua: The third hero is none other than our current Archon, Mavuika!
Sadigua: Not only is she a powerful and respected figure, but she also commands the power of the Ode of Resurrection, which can bring people back from the dead.
Sadigua: With the support of six heroes from five hundred years ago, she united Natlan against a dangerous foe.
Sadigua: #Now, this story truly begins with the arrival of Traveler in Natlan...
Sadigua: #...Under his guidance, Kachina performed exceptionally well in the Pilgrimage, and earned her chance at the Night Warden Wars...
Sadigua: ...Suddenly, the sky turned dark, the Sacred Flame went out, and Gosoythoth appeared...
Sadigua: ...Everyone gathered at the Stadium and sang the Ode of Resurrection together to send their support to the furthest corner of the Night Kingdom...
Sadigua: "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini" became known by all, and everyone began reciting the words that defined its message.
Sadigua: "In the beginning, there was darkness."
Sadigua: "Until someone set themselves aflame."
Sadigua: "Only then did the universe know light."
Sadigua: Anyway, the dust has now settled, and Natlan has entered a new era of peace.
Sadigua: #Traveler fought for "life." The Captain fought for "death."
Sadigua: And our Archon, Mavuika, created a bridge between them.
Yata: Wow!
Cucuya: Is there more? Please don't let that be the end!
Sadigua: Sounds like you like this one... Tell you what, give me some time, and I'll write it all out in even greater detail.
Matho: I loved it! This is the best story ever!
Soncco: Yeah! And "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini" is the coolest ancient name! I get to be "Tumaini" today, okay guys?
Ayun: Hey, it's supposed to be my turn!
Cucuya: No! It's my turn!
Yata: No, it's MY turn! I get to be "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini" today!
Matho: So, no one wants to be the Pyro Archon anymore?
Paimon: #Hehe, sounds fun. What do you say, Traveler? Wanna let Paimon be "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini" for the day?
Traveler: Sure! Then, I'll be Paimon.
Paimon: Alrighty then! Let's go, Paimon. A new adventure awaits!

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Ayo: Roar!
Toch: Roar—
Kachina: #Hey, stop running around! You're blocking his way!

### Free Talk 2

Khadija: Great hero! Could you look this way for a sec?

### Free Talk 3

Wichasa: Can I take a picture of you? Please!

### Free Talk 4

Hinekea: As the sun shines down on our nation...
Mualani: Another victory for Natlan!

### Free Talk 5

Yata: Over here! Over here!

### Free Talk 6

Yata: There's a bunch of people waiting for you here, too!

### Free Talk 7

Cuallee: Thank you!

### Free Talk 8

Ayamis: I'll treasure this for the rest of my life!

### Free Talk 9

Lautaro: The hero's autograph... I actually got the hero's autograph!

### Free Talk 10

Kyssa: Great hero, we prepared some snacks and drinks for you!
Paimon: Oh, Paimon can take those!
Paimon: #These Saurus Crackers are the best! You should try some, Traveler!

### Free Talk 11

Pezuta: It's the great hero! Quick, get ready to take a picture!

### Free Talk 12

Kinyan: Over here! Over here!

### Free Talk 13

Paimon: Look, they're dancing!
Olapa: For music, for the Sacred Flame, and for our heroes!
Alakai: Ooh!

### Free Talk 14

Quidel: Quick, take a picture! We can turn it into graffiti!

### Free Talk 15

Iansan: #Look over here, Traveler!

### Free Talk 16

Hiia: Woohoo!
Chanca: The great hero is here!

### Free Talk 17

Little One: Roar, roar ♪
Paimon: Wow, you're here too! And you brought a bunch of friends!

### Free Talk 18

Paimon: Man, this place really is hard to get to... And, um, Paimon wasn't the only one who saw that weird... thing up there, right?
Paimon: All those... eyes inside of it... Talk about creepy!
Citlali: I believe that's how the Ruler of Death keeps an eye on Teyvat...
Citlali: Quick, this way. We're almost there.

### Free Talk 19

Paimon: Look, it's Mavuika!

### Free Talk 20

Paimon: Hey, is that part new? Paimon's never seen it before!

### Free Talk 21

Bikwani: Hey, Hero! We're here to guide the way!

### Free Talk 22

Yata: Yeah! Enjoy the parade!