# Missing title (1870215727)

Citlali: Oh, it's you two. The party's over, I'm guessing...

Paimon: Huh? You knew about that?

Citlali: Of course! Everyone in Natlan is rooting for you.

Citlali: Xilonen is working on the last part of your Ancient Name. It's best not to bother her when she's in the zone.

Citlali: Your Name is a special case. There were quite a few headaches along the way, which slowed the progress.

Traveler: This is already faster than I expected.

Citlali: I told Xilonen, if we hurry, we might make it to the feast in time to snag the last round of barbecue.

Citlali: I was just teasing, but she gave it some serious thought, nodded, and really hit the ground running after that... It's like my joke lit a fire under her or something.

Paimon: Sounds like she really wanted that barbecue.

Citlali: Yeah, it's a favorite in her tribe. I bet she still hasn't realized the feast is already over...

Paimon: Wait, should we go make some for her, then?

Traveler: Yeah, if she's looking forward to it that much.

Xilonen: I appreciate the thought, but there's no need. I can tell what time it is — the light outside is a dead giveaway.

Xilonen: Besides, I knew it was a joke. But, we were having a serious conversation at the time, so I decided to give a serious response.

Citlali: ...

Paimon: ...

Xilonen: *ahem* Anyway, I have something more important to show you. Here, take a look.

Paimon: WOW! It's your Ancient Name!

Xilonen: "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini"... a name surfaced from the very bottom of the river of souls. It means "hope."

Citlali: A light to guide us through the darkness, like the stars or the moon... It's a perfect fit.

Paimon: Amazing! Does this name come with a cool chant like the others?

Xilonen: #Of course, but that'll come later. Traveler is the first bearer of this name — those words will emerge naturally during his journey.

Xilonen: Once you return triumphant from the battle, I'm sure you will have fully understood why the Lord of the Night chose this name for you.

Traveler: Everything's ready...

Traveler: Now, we just need to strike.

Paimon: Well, getting this Name turned out to be easier than Paimon was expecting.

Xilonen: It all came down to the Lord of the Night's power. This situation is the first of its kind. Heck, I doubt we'll ever get a chance like this again.

Citlali: Imagine receiving that much help from the Lord of the Night only for our most trusted engraver to fail... That would have been so embarrassing for humanity.

Xilonen: Success was never a question. You just like to make things seem dramatic. It's all those novels you read...

Citlali: Hey, it's not like I wanted you to fail! When you've been alive as long as me, you learn that anything can happen!

Paimon: Okay, okay. It all worked out in the end...

Xilonen: Your Name was successfully forged, and it passed all my technical tests... But there's still one more step.

Xilonen: We need to make sure the name has accepted you, and will function normally in your possession.

Citlali: An outlander has never received an Ancient Name before. I wouldn't be surprised if something equally unprecedented happens when you connect to it...

Paimon: So you're saying, it's still too early to celebrate...?

Paimon: Well, when it comes to something this important, we can't leave anything to chance. Let's run this final test!

Xilonen: Don't worry, the process is simple. We can find a quiet place to test it out after dinner.

Xilonen: Basically, I need to observe whether your soul can connect to the Ley Lines, and make sure there are no signs of rejection.

Citlali: Last time, you essentially "barged into" the Night Kingdom, but now, we must make sure that it will truly accept you.

Citlali: Just leave it to me — I'm a professional.

Traveler: Just like that...

Xilonen: Oh, and you can have the Pilgrim's Chronicle back.

Paimon: Huh? It wasn't destroyed?

Xilonen: If forging an Ancient Name consumed the memories used to create it, the first person to bear the name would never be remembered.

Xilonen: The Pilgrim's Chronicle is still the most significant proof of your adventures in Natlan.

Traveler: Thank you.

Citlali: No need to make a fuss... Let's go eat. I'm starving.

Xilonen: C'mon, I'll take you to my favorite barbecue place.

Citlali: Hah, barbecue! See? I knew you couldn't resist!

Xilonen: Oh, I forgot to mention... The place has top-tier alcohol as well.

Citlali: Well, what are we waiting for? Hop to it, people!

Black Screen Text: You enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner together. It seems to be Xilonen and Citlali's first meal of the day.

Black Screen Text: The alcohol is equally delicious, but out of respect for the test that will come next, Citlali only takes a few sips.

Black Screen Text: After the meal, Xilonen heads back to retrieve her tools while you wait outside with Citlali.

Paimon: Is something on your mind, Citlali? You barely had anything to drink at dinner...

Citlali: Heh, I didn't think anything could shake me at this age...

Citlali: But, the closer we get to the final battle, the more worried I feel... You have an Ancient Name now, but the Ode of Resurrection only takes effect if you win.

Citlali: And, the Pyro Archon's fate... is pointing toward "death."

Traveler: No fate is set in stone.

Traveler: We will achieve victory together.

Citlali: ...

Citlali: I believe in you... And, thank you — your words mean a lot.

Xilonen: Alright, I'm ready... Oh, is something wrong?

Paimon: No, not at all! Citlali just... ate too much!

Citlali: Yes, that's right! So, I should really walk it off. C'mon, let's run the final test.