(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1035)

# Where the Moon Rises


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Well, well, if it isn't the ineffable Ineffa!

Unknown Role (None): Hello there, Demyan.

Unknown Role (None): You know each other?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Ineffa's a regular here at The Flagship.

Unknown Role (None): So robots are into booze too?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all. The energy conversion efficiency of alcoholic drinks is very low, and most of them are full of impurities. Still, I can affirm that your Berries and Fried Meat deserve a solid 9.12/10. It has Aino's approval, too.

Unknown Role (None): Funny that you should mention that — while you were away in Natlan, Varka would come in here every day to pick up a serving of Berries and Fried Meat for Aino.

Unknown Role (None): Aww, he must have been worried sick that she wasn't eating properly on account of being so hung up about Ineffa being gone...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Actually, it's 'cause Varka found out that Aino went wild after Ineffa left, gorging herself on snacks she normally couldn't get her hands on. So it was more... worry that she wasn't getting a balanced diet.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #Ahaha... Think I might've just put my foot in it. Anyway, since you're back from Natlan, these two must be the ones Varka mentioned... Traveler and Paimon, yes?

Unknown Role (None): Yup, that's us!

Unknown Role (None): So, from the sounds of it, you must be a close friend of Varka's too?

Unknown Role (None): Varka? Ha-ha, goes without saying! After all, he's the only one around here who's ever managed to stay standing after ten rounds of the Roulette Special!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can't believe he's made such a name for himself, though guess it's hardly surprising how...

Unknown Role (None): Do you know where he is now?

Unknown Role (None): Right now... Hmm... Must be somewhere near Amsvartnir. That's... quite far from here.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Where's that?

Unknown Role (None): It's a lake in the northern part of Nod-Krai. Word reached him of trouble brewing around those parts, so he took his knights to check it out.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... So we missed him?

Unknown Role (None): Typical Mondstadter, coming and going like the wind...

Unknown Role (None): Do you think he needs our help?

Unknown Role (None): Haha... Varka knew you'd say that, so he specifically told me to make sure you stayed here and enjoyed yourselves. He sends his assurances that everything's under control.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if he's that confident, guess our only option is to accept. Anyway, it's not like there's any special cause for concern — he is the Grand Master, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly. Plus, not only has he booked you into our finest room, he's paid for it in advance too.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, that's so generous of him! Hehe. We might not have met yet, but Paimon's got a feeling that we'll get along with Varka like a house on fire...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and by the way, he also asked me to serve up a portion of Berries and Fried Meat for Ineffa. That was prepaid as well.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): No, thank you. I'm the one who should be grateful for your business.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, why don't you go ahead and drop off your luggage? I can use this time to go pick up some components that Aino asked me to bring back.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing! Besides, now that we've got ourselves a map, once we're done unpacking, we might as well go for a stroll ourselves! Why don't we meet up again later?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you no longer require navigational assistance?

Unknown Role (None): No worries, we should be fine! We've got a rough idea of our way round town, so Paimon's reasonably confident we shouldn't get too lost...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. This translates into an approximate time saving of 30%, meaning I will be able to see Aino about 45 minutes earlier than previously projected.

Unknown Role (None): Oh right, you must miss her a lot too. In that case, we'd better get a move on!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Isn't this the Adventurers' Guild? Why isn't anyone here?

Unknown Role (None): Does that mean the Katheryne in Nod-Krai actually gets to clock out...?

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's come back later.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Lady Lauma, you're back.

## Talk 4

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600031 could not be retrieved

## Talk 5

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600032 could not be retrieved

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Come day or night, may the blessings of the Moon Goddess shine down upon you.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Hey, look! Isn't that Lauma... the Moonchanter?

Unknown Role (None): Let me take a look at your wound... *sigh* You must be more careful. Doesn't matter how much of a rush you're in — your safety always comes first.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You're back too. How was your day?

Unknown Role (None): You what...? Those two Fatui, the ones who were causing trouble in Nasha Town... You went to teach them a lesson? And your... you put that in their food?

Unknown Role (None): ...You naughty little thing! How could you do that?

Unknown Role (None): ~♪

Unknown Role (None): They didn't notice? That's not the point... You mustn't do that again, okay?

Unknown Role (None): Next time, at the very least, bring a few of your friends along too. You'll be an easy target if it's just you on your own!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Lauma! Still remember us?

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's Traveler and Paimon, isn't it? Welcome to Hiisi Island!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for just showing up like this, out of the blue.

Unknown Role (None): Hope we're not imposing on you.

Unknown Role (None): Not at all. Those who come with kindness in their hearts are always welcome with the Frostmoon Scions.

Unknown Role (None): Were you just talking to those animals...?

Unknown Role (None): I was indeed. The Frostmoon Scions' bloodline is unique — for throughout our history, there have been many among us who could communicate with all living things.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...? What was that? Oh, is that so?

Unknown Role (None): She says she was trapped in a plant earlier, and that you were the ones who rescued her. She wants me to thank you on her behalf.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it was nothing! Barely lifted a finger.

Unknown Role (None): If you both are free, why don't you join us at the Frostmoon Enclave for dinner? Consider it a small token of thanks for your kindness.

Unknown Role (None): We'd love to! And actually, we had something we wanted to ask you anyway.

Unknown Role (None): This statue...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You're interested in the story of "Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar"?

Unknown Role (None): ...Kuutar?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Kuutar is our Moon Goddess — the Moon Maiden who guides us.

Unknown Role (None): But up close, this one somehow seems a bit different from the one in Nasha Town. It's like it's more...

Unknown Role (None): ...Natural?

Unknown Role (None): Or like... more harmonized in its design?

Unknown Role (None): Mm... That is because, ever since the Fatui arrived in Nod-Krai, they have been modifying and defacing our statues as they please.

Unknown Role (None): These statues were made by the Frostmoon Scions who settled here hundreds of years ago, crafted from the very finest Lunasoul Stone.

Unknown Role (None): Not only is this stone exceedingly rare, but it also brims with kuuvahki. I suppose the latter must be what caught the Fatui's eye.

Unknown Role (None): For a time, we put up fierce resistance... but now, this is the only one left that still retains her original form.

Unknown Role (None): We heard they even pulled some Ancient Moon's Remnants down from the sky!

Unknown Role (None): That's right. The two largest remnants landed in Nod-Krai — one here on Hiisi Island, and the other on Paha Isle.

Unknown Role (None): The Fatui built their research facility on top of the remnant over on Paha Isle, but they've had their sights set on the one here too.

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): Eek! Oh, it's that little kuuhenki again!

Unknown Role (None): Surely that can't be...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, we've been wondering what was up with it too! It just appeared out of some petals and hasn't stopped following us since.

Unknown Role (None): No, that is no ordinary kuuhenki. These we name "Luonnotar," beings born from the Moon Goddess's blessing.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Can you understand what it's saying? We honestly haven't got the slightest idea why it's been following us...

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm afraid not. I cannot fathom its thinking any better than you can.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, a long time must elapse before the Moon Goddess's blessings turn into Luonnotar. Perhaps you two were simply there to witness that transformation.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, maybe...

Unknown Role (None): Legend has it that the Luonnotar bring good fortune. Given that it seems to have taken a liking to you both, why don't you let it come along with you?

Unknown Role (None): Really? Hehe, then you can start by helping us find some more treasure chests along the way... Capiche?

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Mmm... Twilight approaches.

Unknown Role (None): If you would hear more of the moons' story, then let us make our way to the Frostmoon Enclave. Beneath the gentle moonlight, I shall share this tale in full.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, now that's one huge statue!

Unknown Role (None): This is a statue of our goddess — the Moon Maiden, Kuutar.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): It worked!

Unknown Role (None): Off you go now, little one! Don't go getting yourself caught again!

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Here we are, The Flagship.

Unknown Role (None): Varka told us to meet him here in his letter, right? Let's see... Varka! Varka...!

Unknown Role (None): ...No matches identified.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so he isn't here after all? Guess we never did actually say we'd be arriving today.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, why don't we go ask the owner? If what they say is true, Varka's drinking prowess must have left quite the impression...

## Talk 11

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600019 could not be retrieved

## Talk 12

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600007 could not be retrieved

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Paimon almost forgot something super important!

Unknown Role (None): Mm? Spit it out, then.

Unknown Role (None): Weren't we gonna go try out the Berries and Fried Meat?

Unknown Role (None): Must have left that craving by the graveside...

Unknown Role (None): But now, heading all the way back to The Flagship feels like such a waste...

Unknown Role (None): Please, accept today's boon. Come night or day, may the blessings of the Moon Goddess shine down upon you.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What's going on over there?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like they're handing out food.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, free food!? Wow, the people here are so nice!

Unknown Role (None): Quick, let's grab some too! Paimon's super curious what their food tastes like.

Unknown Role (None): Moonlight illuminates the path before you, travelers from afar.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? How'd you know we were travelers?

Unknown Role (None): Just now were asong the birds in the sky, singing of your wanderings. You are no ordinary guests, it seems.

Unknown Role (None): The birds in the... what now?

Unknown Role (None): Forgive me, I should not have laid the words of others out as a welcome mat for our very first meeting. You, too, must be wondering who I am.

Unknown Role (None): I am Lauma, Moonchanter of the Frostmoon Scions. Please, as do our followers and other passersby, accept today's boon.

Unknown Role (None): #Happy to oblige! Paimon's name is Paimon, and this here is Traveler. Thank you so much for sharing your yummy food with us — we'll take one each.

Unknown Role (None): You have our sincere gratitude.

Unknown Role (None): Think nothing of it. These fruits were the finest we found, delicacies gathered in the wake of the morning dew. It is my hope that partaking of them may lift your spirits to heights anew.

Unknown Role (None): The finest you found? Wow, that sure is kind of you, but... wouldn't you want to keep those for yourselves?

Unknown Role (None): Ha... "The first fruit of the harvest must be placed upon the Moonlight Altar — not as an offering to the gods, but as a spark for lost hunters. For it is the blade of the starving that darkness most easily corrupts."

Unknown Role (None): As perhaps you have already heard, we Frostmoon Scions revere and worship the Moon Goddess. We believe that together, virtue and compassion are the shining light that will lead us all out of the long, dark night.

Unknown Role (None): And now, with tides of haughty Fatui swarming into Nod-Krai, driven by greed, and greed alone... More than ever before, we must all unite under the banner of virtue.

Unknown Role (None): Ha, look who it is again — those unsufferably "kind-hearted" Frostmoon Scions. Got enough for us, too?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, two servings each! We're starving over here!

Unknown Role (None): The Fatui... After what you've been doing to our sacred statues, how dare you even show your faces...

Unknown Role (None): Vilemina, bestow today's boon upon our guests.

Unknown Role (None): You hear that? No slacking, now. We'll have the very best you've got.

Unknown Role (None): But... My Lady, they—

Unknown Role (None): Please, you two, accept this meal. But remember this: "Kindness is the first lantern left to guide those who stumble in ignorance."

Unknown Role (None): Come again?

Unknown Role (None): Let me finish. "But should they still refuse to follow the moonlit path, then by our frosted blades shall we show them its shadow."

Unknown Role (None): ...You!

Unknown Role (None): Hey... Look who it is.

Unknown Role (None): Tch, whatever. Just you wait — we'll be coming for you next.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh? Where's the meat? Who wants to eat this garbage?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, those stooges really are the worst.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... Ever since they came to Nod-Krai with all their weird equipment and built that so-called "Experimental Design Bureau," our lives have been turned completely upside down!

Unknown Role (None): #Judging from how they reacted just now... it seems the Fatui already know who you are, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Old grudges die hard...

Unknown Role (None): Well, we have gotten in their way in pretty much every nation we've visited, so we're probably at the top of their blacklist by now.

Unknown Role (None): I see... then on behalf of the Frostmoon Scions, I thank you for the goodwill you have shown us.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Why thank me?

Unknown Role (None): Heh... Because, if they had gotten ahead of themselves just now, I'm sure you would have stepped in to help.

Unknown Role (None): Just as the birds and beasts put it, your arrival heralds joy to us all. Besides, for a weary traveler far from home, what better respite than to bathe in the moonlight?

Unknown Role (None): You will always be welcome at the Frostmoon Enclave, the place we call our home.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your kind invitation.

Unknown Role (None): We'll swing by when we get a chance.

Unknown Role (None): May we meet again in the moon's gentle glow.

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, these are delicious! So refreshingly fresh... Those two Fatui wouldn't know a good thing if it came up and bit them on the shoulder.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like Ineffa isn't done with her shopping yet, and the Adventurers' Guild is still empty. Where should we head next?

Unknown Role (None): Why don't we follow the map in the travel guide?

Unknown Role (None): Good idea! Wouldn't wanna let that kuuhenki down, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Let's see... Okay! Paimon's got our route all figured out, so all that's left to say is... Don't fall behind!

Unknown Role (None): This is "Nuts 'N' Nuts"! It's mostly a fruit shop, but there's a Crafting Bench too!

Unknown Role (None): This is the "Speranza", one of the travel guide's recommended restaurants. All the waiters here are kids!

Unknown Role (None): This is the "Vesnici Proleca Greenhouse"! Apparently, their flowers are all made of metal, so they'll never wilt away!

Unknown Role (None): And this is the "Rossum Workshop"! If you ever need a weapon made, this is the place to go!

Unknown Role (None): And over here, they've got a super tall observation deck! Whoa, take a look at that! You can see really far out into the distance.

Unknown Role (None): That way's north, and that looks like... something built by the Fatui? And then, over there to the west... Ah, that must be the place Lauma mentioned, where the Frostmoon Scions live.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, so... Whaddya think? Even if Ineffa kinda stole her limelight earlier, this just goes to prove that Paimon's own tour guiding skills aren't too shabby either, right?

Unknown Role (None): Still not quite Ineffa level.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, c'mon, would it kill you to compliment Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): You're the best, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, she sure is! It'd take hundreds of years of practice to beat the best tour guide in all of Teyvat!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Look, there must be someone at the Adventurers' Guild now. There's already a line forming outside...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we'll finally be able to ask about your spaceship. Or was there anywhere else you wanted to stop by first?

Unknown Role (None): As a matter of fact...

Unknown Role (None): One of the storefront signs caught my eye...

Unknown Role (None): Where? Which one are y— Ohhh... Now you mention it, Paimon's noticed it too... Ugh, better not be who she thinks it is...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, where we go first is completely up to you — either the Adventurers' Guild, or that suspicious-looking shop. A word of warning, though... If we step into that shop, be sure to keep a very close eye on your Mora!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Please, here you go! And if you ever need anything else, don't forget to make the great Lord Sangemah Bay your first port of call!

Unknown Role (None): Oh dear, so it is the real deal...

Unknown Role (None): Of course it's the real deal! Everything you'll find here is one hundred and ten percent real, meaning every one of my deals is as real as a deal can— Wait a minute! ... Well, well, well, if it isn't my two most valued clients!

Unknown Role (None): Long time no see, Dori.

Unknown Role (None): Set up a branch all the way out here in Nod-Krai, now?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, and with no small thanks to your munificent patronage!

Unknown Role (None): Come, come, how could you just sneak into Nod-Krai like this without telling your dear Lord Sangemah Bay? If I'd known earlier, I would've made an absolute k— I mean, pulled out all the stops to ensure that your boat ride over was as comfortable as humanly possible!

Unknown Role (None): Thank the Archons we didn't tell you...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, come now! You know as well as anyone how impeccably and conscientiously above-board I am when it comes to doing business!

Unknown Role (None): Well, regardless of whether that's true or not, the main issue here is that we had no idea you had a branch in Nod-Krai.

Unknown Role (None): A clever merchant always has a backup plan, or two, or three up their sleeves! As the saying goes: a rabbit with many burrows fears not the hunter's arrows, a merchant with stores galore hears no debtors at the door!

Unknown Role (None): Since you're both here in Nod-Krai, would you care for some of my finest local souvenirs? Whatever you're looking for, I have it! Or if it's Sumeru you're missing, I've got that covered too!

Unknown Role (None): We literally just arrived! Do we look like we're on the hunt for tourist trinkets to take back for our friends?

Unknown Role (None): My, my, your high-minded tastes never cease to impress! In that case, I know just the thing... You must be on the hunt for something like... this?

Unknown Role (None): What's that? Your hat?

Unknown Role (None): Information, of course! Information about Nod-Krai... locked securely in the otherwise impenetrable vaults of the Lord Sangemah Bay's brilliant mind.

Unknown Role (None): Now you mention it...

Unknown Role (None): That is actually what we're after...

Unknown Role (None): I knew it! I just knew you'd appreciate the value of my wares... On the back of all our pleasant dealings in the past, I'll even take a hit by throwing in some insider info for free.

Unknown Role (None): Wow! You sure are feeling uncharacteristically generous today...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What do you mean by "uncharacteristically"? I'm the most generous person I— Ugh, forget it. Anyway, the long and the short of it is this...

Unknown Role (None): The moment I set up shop in Nod-Krai, it struck me how many different factions there were, all competing against each other for power and influence... Well, as they say, there's no time for business like a crisis.

Unknown Role (None): Things got even more turbulent after the Fatui pulled down two Ancient Moon's Remnants... People began to catch a whiff of the coming chaos — and the more troubled the waters, the greater the potential profit.

Unknown Role (None): Not at all sorry to interrupt, but we're not here for Mora.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, really? But... Surely it was the tales of an adventurer's paradise that brought you here? The chance to take your very own slice of all the latest and greatest business opportunities!

Unknown Role (None): In that case... What would you like to know about?

Unknown Role (None): What can you tell me about the Frostmoon Scions...

Unknown Role (None): The Frostmoon Scions? You mean, the people who believe in the Moon Goddess? They're not a "bad" bunch, it's just... Well, they have such simple tastes. No luxuries, no indulgences, no nothing! Trying to earn a little Mora from that lot is like trying to squeeze blood from a stone...

Unknown Role (None): Still, things between them and the Fatui have gotten pretty tense. It's only a matter of time before the powder keg goes boom, and when that happens... that's when business will start to boom too, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): Please tell me about the Lightkeepers...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, they're an organization set up to keep the locals safe. Apparently, they have a long and glorious history, and they're made up entirely of volunteers.

Unknown Role (None): Pfft, but seriously — a volunteer organization, in Nod-Krai? This place is hardly a magnet for noble hearts. No pay, all work? That's not a business model, and it's certainly not for me...

Unknown Role (None): Let's talk about the Fatui...

Unknown Role (None): Everyone knows they're here for the Ancient Moon's Remnants, but no one's sure why they pulled them down in Nod-Krai, of all places.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, they've been acting mysterious enough, but if you ask me... That "Kuuvahki Experimental Design Bureau" of theirs up north hides secrets wilder still!

Unknown Role (None): Tell me what you know about the Knights of Favonius...

Unknown Role (None): That bunch of booze-loving Mondstadters? Ugh, don't even get me started.

Unknown Role (None): As fellow outlanders, I thought they'd be easy pickings, but somehow, every single one of our business negotiations wound up at The Flagship...

Unknown Role (None): I've done plenty of deals with heavy drinkers before, but those guys? I never once made it to the contract signing before blacking out. Ugh, I'm getting flashbacks of the hangovers just thinking about it...

Unknown Role (None): Would you know anything about a spaceship from the past...?

Unknown Role (None): A what now? A spaceship? Nope, never heard of anything like that...

Unknown Role (None): Don't you two get involved in any big business here without so much as a heads up, you hear me? At the very least, consider letting me in as a key investor.

Unknown Role (None): I have no more questions...

Unknown Role (None): Oh! I almost forgot to mention — sooner or later, you'll no doubt end up doing business with some other merchants in Nod-Krai, and someone's bound to mention a place called the "Curatorium of Secrets."

Unknown Role (None): Listen to my advice: Do not, under any circumstances, go there! No matter how much trouble you're in!

Unknown Role (None): The Curatorium of Secrets? What do they get up to there?

Unknown Role (None): Just... a place that handles all kinds of disputes. But the owner will charge you an absolute fortune, and she has a temper to match. Nothing like your friendly neighborhood Lord Sangemah Bay!

Unknown Role (None): You're not just saying that to stop your competition from undercutting you... right?

Unknown Role (None): (Ugh...! When did that little pipsqueak get so sharp? And after I gave them all that info for free, just to win them over...!)

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What do you mean? Of course not! I'm only thinking about your wallets — I mean, on behalf of your wallets!

Unknown Role (None): You're really not convincing anyone, you know...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright... business is a cutthroat... business, I won't argue with that.

Unknown Role (None): But I'm not lying about that boss lady — not only did she make it into my "Top Three People Not to Mess With in Nod-Krai," she's also in my "Top Three People Most Eager to Trade in Favors"!

Unknown Role (None): Seriously? It feels like you're just badmouthing your rival now...

Unknown Role (None): Fine! If you don't believe me, go see for yourselves! We might both be from Sumeru, but compared to hers, my conscience is so large, why, it could fill three whole Palaces of Alcazarzaray!

Unknown Role (None): But when you realize what I'm saying is true, don't say that good old Lord Sangemah Bay didn't warn you!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Lucky us, the line seems to be gone now! C'mon, let's go say hi to Katheryne!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Katheryne! We meet again!

Unknown Role (None): Hah, how ridiculous...

Unknown Role (None): Huh...?

Unknown Role (None): They often say that mortals, shackled by their own flesh and blood, may fail to perceive the truth of this world even when it is right beneath their very noses. Yet I had not expected to have the pleasure to witness such heights of absurdity firsthand.

Unknown Role (None): Uhh, P—Paimon must've... gotten the wrong person? At second glance, you do seem a bit younger than Katheryne, and you certainly sound a lot less friendly...

Unknown Role (None): Hah... A creator might forgive ignorance, but being mistaken for one of my own creations is beyond all pardon.

Unknown Role (None): Look very closely, for standing before you is none other than Marionette, Seventh of the Fatui Harbingers.

Unknown Role (None): A Harbinger!?

Unknown Role (None): Why are you even here?

Unknown Role (None): And more importantly, will you be the one handing out commissions from here on out?

Unknown Role (None): I told you already, I'm not Katheryne! Just how obsessed are you with my machines?

Unknown Role (None): (So all the Katherynes were made by Marionette? Does that mean the Fatui have been watching our every move?)

Unknown Role (None): (But the Guild itself hasn't done anything shady, and Katheryne's only ever helped us... Better just stay alert going forward.)

Unknown Role (None): Tch... Today's encounter is merely a courtesy call... a friendly warning, if you will.

Unknown Role (None): You interfered with my work once before, with that little robot. I let it slide — after all, it was nothing more than a distraction, a side project at best.

Unknown Role (None): But we are in Nod-Krai now, and as such, I strongly advise you not to stand in the Fatui's way. Otherwise, the next time we meet, I might just have to drop all this meaningless etiquette.

Unknown Role (None): Oh please, you've got some nerve coming out with barely veiled threats like that! You're the ones stirring things up here!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, perhaps you have misunderstood? Just because Nod-Krai lacks a ruler at present, that does not mean it should not be ruled. We Fatui are simply... establishing a new order.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, right! More like shady experiments, judging by your massive creepy research facility!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... I've said what I came to say. What you do next, only you can decide — so why don't you start by using your already limited processing capacity to "calculate" your even more limited options?

Unknown Role (None): And, being the refined young lady that I am, I shall indulge you just this once:

Unknown Role (None): Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to Nod-Krai, dominion of the Fatui.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, Paimon's so mad right now! How can anyone so obviously evil be so annoyingly self-righteous?

Unknown Role (None): But if a Fatui Harbinger is here to greet us in person, that can only mean one thing...

Unknown Role (None): ...That they've been keeping a very close eye on us indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, we'll have to be extra careful from here on out... Gah, Paimon hates feeling like she's being watched!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, the real Katheryne's back!

Unknown Role (None): Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.

Unknown Role (None): How may I help? I will do everything I can to assist you.

Unknown Role (None): Aww, you're so much nicer to talk to, Katheryne! Please don't leave us again, okay?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...?

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600012 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Should we try the Berries and Fried Meat too? Paimon's getting hungrier and hungrier every time someone mentions it!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, oooh! Sorry about that, Paimon wasn't watching where she was going!

Unknown Role (None): Please, there's no need to apologize. If anything, I'm the one who should be sorry — clearly, I shouldn't have gotten lost in my thoughts in the middle of a hallway.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a sec... Are you staying in the room next to ours?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, quite the perceptive one, I see. First things first, allow me to introduce myself: My name is Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins. But please, just call me Flins.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, that's... an impressively long name, for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, is that so? Names like mine ought to have been fairly common in Snezhnaya, at least in the past. Would I be correct, then, to assume that the two of you are travelers in this land?

Unknown Role (None): #Yep, you sure would be! Paimon is Paimon, and this is Traveler. We've been to a bunch of nations already, but we only just arrived in Nod-Krai today.

Unknown Role (None): Hello.

Unknown Role (None): What a rare honor it is to meet such worldly travelers.

Unknown Role (None): Are you here for travel too?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, if only I had the time to spare. No, I'm just staying the night.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So you're here for business?

Unknown Role (None): That's certainly one way to put it. I'm a Ratnik of Nod-Krai, normally stationed near the burial grounds to the north. My sole cause for being here today was to repair this lantern of mine.

Unknown Role (None): (...)

Unknown Role (None): (There's something off about that lantern...)

Unknown Role (None): B—Burial g—g—grounds?

Unknown Role (None): Your surprise is entirely understandable. Most people cannot even begin to fathom the idea of a life surrounded by tombstones and decay.

Unknown Role (None): But if you've heard of the calamitous abomination that is the Wild Hunt, you'll know that in their wake, they bring a host of souls tainted by Abyssal filth. That, then, is why we are stationed by the burial grounds — to hold the line where it is most vulnerable.

Unknown Role (None): Ohhh, so it's all about fighting against the Abyss... Sounds like a tough job.

Unknown Role (None): I thank you for your concern. But in truth, I've long since grown used to it — in fact, I like to think it rather suits me. If anything, I'd say I prefer the peace and quiet of a graveyard to the hustle and bustle of urban life.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon sort of gets it now, but even so, she's still pretty sure she could never get used to living in a graveyard herself... For one thing, she'd be too scared to fall asleep at night!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha... Oh, I assure you, there's no need to worry on that account. The kind of ghosts you find in cemeteries aren't too big on talking — but even when they do, they're usually far more discreet than the living.

Unknown Role (None): Eh...?

Unknown Role (None): Eh...?

Unknown Role (None): Well, would you look at that? Who'd have thought we'd end up chatting this long. Must have a lot in common, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Forgive me, but I must excuse myself, for the time of my appointment draws near. And in terms I'm sure you'll understand, a lanternless Ratnik is like a mapless traveler — a serious conundrum indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, sure! In that case, you go right ahead. We won't keep you any longer!

Unknown Role (None): Not at all. Should the opportunity present itself, I'd gladly continue our conversation another time.

Unknown Role (None): You're always welcome to come visit my grave— Er, I mean, the grave I stand watch over. Your visit would bring much-needed light to that place of final rest.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Right... Well, uhh... If we get the chance...

Unknown Role (None): Then allow me to wish you a traditional Ratnik's farewell: See you by the graveside.

Unknown Role (None): Uhhh... Jeez, what a weirdo.

Unknown Role (None): Not to badmouth him and all — in fact, he seemed pretty cultured. But at the same time... kinda spooky? Must be all that time he's spent around graveyards...

Unknown Role (None): Did you notice anything strange about his lantern?

Unknown Role (None): His lantern? Uhh... no, not really? You mean, 'cause it was broken?

Unknown Role (None): Like there was something inside...

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Guess you've always had a nose for stuff like this... If you're worried, you can always ask him the next time we cross paths.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing. Guess that'll be... by the graveside?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, don't you start spouting all that weird stuff too!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, feels pretty nice having someone sort out our food and lodging for us, huh?

Unknown Role (None): But is this really The Flagship's best room? It's pretty big, make no mistake — but it looks a little... worn out, right? Though, to be perfectly honest, that feels right at home with everything else we've seen of Nasha Town...

Unknown Role (None): A town built among ruins...

Unknown Role (None): Forsaken in the wake of a calamity...

Unknown Role (None): You mean it's got something to do with Nod-Krai's history? That makes sense... but what exactly was this calamity?

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Ineffa!

Unknown Role (None): Hello. I was just about to start tracking your whereabouts.

Unknown Role (None): Did you manage to get everything Aino asked for?

Unknown Role (None): I did. What about you? Do you need me to navigate or introduce any more places around town?

Unknown Role (None): Not for now — we've seen most of it already! We probably need some time to process everything we've learned, though.

Unknown Role (None): Any progress with the spaceship?

Unknown Role (None): No... Katheryne came back just now, so we asked her, but even she hasn't heard a thing.

Unknown Role (None): One possible explanation is the vast stretch of time that has elapsed. Additionally, given the limited resources available in Nod-Krai, it is entirely plausible that the wreck was scrapped for parts, or even mistaken for a pile of broken machinery...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): I'm prepared for that possibility...

Unknown Role (None): ...But still, I can't just give up before we've even started.

Unknown Role (None): Understood. In that case, why don't we go ask Aino together?

Unknown Role (None): After all, she was the one who salvaged me — ancient dragon technology and all. If there really are any unusual parts floating around Nod-Krai, there's a high chance they've passed through her hands at some point or another.

Unknown Role (None): Good point! And since you keep mentioning her, we're curious to meet this whiz-kid mechanic too!

Unknown Role (None): Understood. Then I'll handle navigation as before. ETA at the Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop: 34 minutes ahead of schedule.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Oh no! There's a little animal trapped over there. Let's go help it out!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That's weird... Why isn't it responding?

Unknown Role (None): The tides of kuuvahki affect everything in Nod-Krai — so much so that many creatures have evolved a kind of dependency upon it, growing stronger or weaker as it waxes and wanes. This little animal must have been caught here unprepared.

Unknown Role (None): So you're saying we need to use kuuvahki? Paimon'll leave it to you guys, then!

Unknown Role (None): Don't be scared! We'll get you out of there soon.

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600013 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Here we are, the place Aino and I call home.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! So many machines that Paimon's never even seen before! And then there's all these little robots... Did Aino build them all?

Unknown Role (None): That is correct. It looks like Aino has created three more little bots since I've been gone.

Unknown Role (None): Aww... Well, you were gone for quite a bit. She must've missed you!

Unknown Role (None): I missed her too. I want her to see what I've become.

Unknown Role (None): Let's not keep her waiting any longer, then. C'mon!

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Aino, I'm back.

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): ¥&...&@#?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...?

Unknown Role (None): ...! I—Ineffa, you're... back significantly earlier than I expected! Like... a whole thirty minutes, at least?

Unknown Role (None): Everything went very smoothly, which saved me quite a bit of time. So I—

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Aino, could you turn around for a moment?

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): Aino?

Unknown Role (None): I—I've been on my best behavior, the whole time you've been gone!

Unknown Role (None): She's got chocolate all over her mouth...

Unknown Role (None): ...Aino. While I was away, did you strictly abide by my tailor-made snack intake schedule?

Unknown Role (None): O—Of course I did! One whole cake, one krumkake, and one pack of chocolates a day, right?

Unknown Role (None): It was "either" a cake, or a krumkake, or a pack of chocolates per day.

Unknown Role (None): Oh shoot...

Unknown Role (None): When did you finish the snack stash I left for you?

Unknown Role (None): Literally just earlier today...

Unknown Role (None): Let me just go run a scan on that.

Unknown Role (None): I meant today, a week ago...

Unknown Role (None): And then you restocked an entire week's worth on your own initiative?

Unknown Role (None): Two weeks' worth...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Why does Paimon feel like the roles in this household... are pretty much the opposite of what she imagined...

Unknown Role (None): Calculation complete. Aino's recommended snack calorie intake for the next four weeks: 0.

Unknown Role (None): Ehhh!? No fair! You're a meanie, Ineffa!

Unknown Role (None): This is what happens when you break an agreement.

Unknown Role (None): C'mooon! Don't do this to me!

Unknown Role (None): I only ate a tiny bit extra every day! Just a teensy, eensy, weensy bit extra!

Unknown Role (None): That is objectively not a "teensy" bit extra...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, seriously! If you'd only arrived half an hour later, I would've had everything cleaned up, and you wouldn't have noticed a thing!

Unknown Role (None): But now that I think about it, you even said you'd come back a bit earlier than you did... so I wouldn't have to worry...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): But then... You were away so long, and I was so worried about you, and that's the only reason I even...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Aino...

Unknown Role (None): I am very sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm back now...

Unknown Role (None): *sob* Mm... Welcome home...

Unknown Role (None): *sob* Aww...

Unknown Role (None): So... Will I be able to keep eating snacks as usual now?

Unknown Role (None): Negative.

Unknown Role (None): Awww...

Unknown Role (None): Okay... Well, given that I am later than I initially projected... I'll let it slide. But just this once.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Ineffa! You're the best!

Unknown Role (None): Aino, allow me to introduce—

Unknown Role (None): #It's Honorary Knight Traveler and Paimon! I know, I know — Uncle Varka talks about you guys all the time!

Unknown Role (None): Nice to meet you, Aino! Ineffa's told us all about you, too!

Unknown Role (None): The whiz-kid mechanic...

Unknown Role (None): Ineffa's nearest and dearest...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, really? She actually said that about me?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Well, she's not wrong!

Unknown Role (None): Oh yeah, so... You're here to see Uncle Varka, right? A couple of days ago, he suddenly said he had to head out on business, and that he might not be back for a while. He asked me to let you know if I saw you.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we heard about that at The Flagship. Did he say what he was doing?

Unknown Role (None): Nope! Just told me to take good care of you guys, and make sure you feel right at home... Oh, shoot! Uh, please, take a seat!

Unknown Role (None): Do either of you need my help with anything? Anything at all! After all, I'm the head of this household!

Unknown Role (None): (Sure wouldn't know it from that snack tantrum she just threw...)

Unknown Role (None): Miss Aino...

Unknown Role (None): I wanted to ask you about... a certain spaceship...

Unknown Role (None): ...Hm?

Unknown Role (None): A spaceship, huh? From outside Teyvat?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! So... Ring any bells?

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Nope!

Unknown Role (None): Oh... You sure?

Unknown Role (None): Nope means nope! Never seen the slightest trace of it!

Unknown Role (None): More specifically, by "nope," I mean I've never seen a single piece of tech in all of Nod-Krai that might've come from out of this world. Not in any new machines, or in any old ones either.

Unknown Role (None): Huh...

Unknown Role (None): What Aino means... is that your spaceship almost certainly has not been disassembled, nor repurposed as parts for other machines.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! So that's what she was getting at...

Unknown Role (None): Yup! I've taken apart pretty much all the fun stuff in this city at one point or another, but I don't recall ever seeing any components that were anywhere near that special!

Unknown Role (None): So either your spaceship crashed somewhere it's never been found, or someone DID find it and then hid it really, really well.

Unknown Role (None): But who would even do something like that...?

Unknown Role (None): Beats me! Maybe someone who thought they could stash it away for a rainy day? Just like how I sometimes hide snacks in the— Ahem...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway... Long story short, I definitely haven't seen anything like that!

Unknown Role (None): Besides, sounds like it would practically be ancient history by now! If anyone still has any leads on what really happened, it'd be the Frostmoon Scions.

Unknown Role (None): The Frostmoon Scions?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Haven't heard of them yet? Didn't Ineffa tell you about their rituals?

Unknown Role (None): There wasn't enough time to delve deeper into their history and traditions.

Unknown Role (None): What kind of rituals are we talking about?

Unknown Role (None): I've never actually seen them myself, just heard bits and pieces, here and there.

Unknown Role (None): They say that each of their Moonchanters has had access to an ancient relic that lets them "see" the true past.

Unknown Role (None): The true past...

Unknown Role (None): You mean, they can see what really happened?

Unknown Role (None): Not sure exactly how it's meant to work. I can't get my head around anything that can't be explained by either machines or science... and to tell you the truth, I don't like it much either!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we'll have to try our luck with the Frostmoon Scions.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, leaving so soon? Sure you don't wanna hang out a little longer?

Unknown Role (None): It's getting late, Aino, and these two still need to head over to Hiisi Island. It would not be convenient for them to linger much longer.

Unknown Role (None): Aww... Alright then...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, don't worry! We'll be sure to drop in on you as often as we can!

Unknown Role (None): Really? You promise?

Unknown Role (None): Pinky promise.

Unknown Role (None): Next time, we'll bring you something tasty too.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, sounds like my type of visitors! You're welcome anytime!

Unknown Role (None): I'll be staying to look after Aino today, so I won't be going with you.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, don't sweat it! We'll find our way just fine.

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad to hear that. Also... I must admit, I have very much missed the "charging bed" that Aino made for me.

## Talk 24

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600024 could not be retrieved

## Talk 25

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600030 could not be retrieved

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600033 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): Seeing Ineffa and Aino reunited like that sure was heart-warming...

Unknown Role (None): A real "family," huh?

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm! We should definitely hang out with them more in the future!

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of homes, we must already be close to where the Frostmoon Scions live. The vibe here feels different, just like the scenery...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what was that? Felt like some sort of breeze blew by, and then the petals suddenly turned into... Eh?

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Is that... a kuuhenki? She looks different from the ones we saw before.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hey there! What's your name?

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Doesn't seem able to speak.

Unknown Role (None): Need our help?

Unknown Role (None): Something you wanna show us?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): No idea what she wants... Unless you wanna stop, maybe we should just keep moving?

Unknown Role (None): ...She's following us.

Unknown Role (None): Go on, go on now... We've got stuff to do. Best you find someone else to hang out with...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you scared it off...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Don't make it sound like Paimon's some kind of... meanie!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon had no idea what she wanted, okay? Ugh... Anyway, next time Paimon sees her, Paimon promises she'll be nicer!

Unknown Role (None): Seeing as we're on our way over to meet Lauma anyway, we can ask her about it while we're there!

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Lauma, you have returned.

Unknown Role (None): #Vilemina, this is Traveler and Paimon. Kindly arrange for two additional dinner settings for our honored guests.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, my Lady.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, everyone along the way here pretty much saluted you! Are you, like... super important around here?

Unknown Role (None): I am but a Moonchanter, one entrusted to convey the Moon Goddess's will. Nothing more.

Unknown Role (None): She's just being modest! The Moonchanter holds the highest rank among us Frostmoon Scions. Lauma is our leader.

Unknown Role (None): Vilemina...

Unknown Role (None): I know, I know... I'll send word to the kitchen. Two meals coming up.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, Paimon had no idea you were such a big shot!

Unknown Role (None): It is merely that the unique traits of our bloodline have manifested themselves especially strongly in my person. That is no accomplishment of my own.

Unknown Role (None): Please, follow me this way.

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Even to this day, I am still trying to piece together the many fragments of our past. It is a story not only of the Frostmoon Scions, but also of the moons themselves.

Unknown Role (None): A story of the moons...?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. We Frostmoon Scions are the last descendants of the ancient golden realm of Hyperborea. Its former glory may have faded, but what remains is a memory uniquely ours.

Unknown Role (None): In the distant past, Teyvat had not just one moon, but three. It is said that they were created by the primordial master of this world, cast into the firmament to keep peace in the land below.

Unknown Role (None): First born was the Eternal Moon, largest of the three. Legend has it that it was her immense kuuvahki that gave rise to the ocean tides.

Unknown Role (None): Next was the Frost Moon... Smaller than her big sister, yet brightest in radiance. Her glow became the cold, undying lantern of the night.

Unknown Role (None): Finally came the Iridescent Moon, smallest of the sisters. Most of the time, her light was barely visible to the naked eye — yet when she shone, her fleeting halos were all the more mysterious for it.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, sounds like it all happened so long ago... So, what happened to them afterwards?

Unknown Role (None): Afterwards... Well, as you have seen, the three Moon Goddesses perished. This happened in a war triggered by the Descenders, and of the three lunar husks, only the Frost Moon survived unbroken, while the others were shattered to pieces.

Unknown Role (None): Ohhh, so that's why there were Ancient Moon's Remnants in the sky...

Unknown Role (None): Yes. It is also said that when the moons shattered, most of their fragments rained down upon this land like stardust. That is why Nod-Krai is blessed with such an abundance of kuuvahki.

Unknown Role (None): As for the remnant that the Fatui recently pulled down... that belonged to the Eternal Moon.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a sec... But you just said that two of the moons were shattered, so... where are the remnants of the Iridescent Moon?

Unknown Role (None): The Iridescent Moon's remnants were never found. What happened to her after the war remains a mystery... Some say she vanished in an instant, while others believe that her remnants are simply too delicate to leave a trace.

Unknown Role (None): (Three moons... I wonder... which one was Khaenri'ah's Crimson Moon related to?)

Unknown Role (None): Yet though the era of the three moons has long since faded into legend, successive generations of Frostmoon Scions have always passed down a prophecy — that one day, the Moon Goddess would return.

Unknown Role (None): And in the end, that prophecy did indeed come to pass, though not quite—

Unknown Role (None): Lady Lauma! Lady Lauma, are you there?

Unknown Role (None): ...Kapy? What is the matter?

Unknown Role (None): Lady Lauma, it's my daughter, Kaarina... Her illness...

Unknown Role (None): ...Take me to her, right away.

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): *groan*

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Her sensitivity to kuuvahki is flaring up again... After her last treatment, did you follow my advice and seek medical help in Nasha Town?

Unknown Role (None): But... But those doctors are all Snezhnayan! They're outsiders, compatriots of those brutes who invaded our homeland... How can we possibly trust them?

Unknown Role (None): Not all outsiders are enemies, Kapy. They've been treating this condition for generations... They have the experience we lack.

Unknown Role (None): But we're Frostmoon Scions! Should we not remember what the outsiders did to our moons? Surely, the Lady Kuutar will reward our devotion...

Unknown Role (None): But Kapy, Kuutar is long... *sigh* This isn't the time for a debate.

Unknown Role (None): "...O lost child, snowswept and buffeted by the howling winds of the frigid night, let not the silver flame within you fade. By the Frost Moon's grace I shall warm you, curled up as a fledgling in frozen soil..."

Unknown Role (None): *snore*

Unknown Role (None): Ah...! Praise be to the Moon Goddess! My Kaarina...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...Remember, she must take powdered Lakkaberries daily. It will ease her symptoms.

Unknown Role (None): (Did she just use her own power to heal that girl...?)

Unknown Role (None): ...Lauma.

Unknown Role (None): Vilemina? What is it?

Unknown Role (None): Dinner is ready.

Unknown Role (None): ...I see.

Unknown Role (None): Kapy, let her rest here for the night. I'll have someone bring her a blanket.

Unknown Role (None): Alright... Thank you so much, Lady Lauma!

Unknown Role (None): Will she be alright?

Unknown Role (None): Anything we can do to help?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! If there's anything at all we can do, please don't hesitate to ask!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for your kindness. For now, though, Kaarina should be fine... She'll be feeling a lot better tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): (Judging from what we just saw, that doesn't sound like a long-term solution...)

Unknown Role (None): (...But I'm guessing that Lauma couldn't say anything else, at least in front of Kaarina's mother.)

Unknown Role (None): Please, do not be worried. Come, let us head to dinner. I believe you still have some questions for me.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Not coming with us?

Unknown Role (None): I... Oh, sorry. Yes, I'll be coming too. I was just... thinking about something.

Unknown Role (None): Oh?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Lauma makes such an unshakable Moonchanter... Calm, capable, someone we can count on. Deep down, though, I know she's been quietly carrying the burden for the rest of us.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon... Believe me when I say that as a fellow Frostmoon Scion, I do worry about Lauma. It's just that sometimes... it's hard to say it to her face.

Unknown Role (None): Could I... ask you to look out for her? I can tell she really trusts you.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, but... I think you should just tell her straight.

Unknown Role (None): I fear that would stress her out even more...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'll keep an eye out.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, it means a lot.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, I really admire her strength... but at the same time, I can't help feeling powerless myself.

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): Whew... Paimon's so full. That was even better than the stuff you gave us before!

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad to hear it. Thank you for accepting such simple hospitality.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, we should be the ones thanking you! Seriously, that was seriously scrumptious!

Unknown Role (None): How did you even manage to finish it? This slop's barely edible.

Unknown Role (None): Then again, I guess that's what you'd expect from savages.

Unknown Role (None): It's you! Those rude ol' Fatui we just met back in Nasha Town!

Unknown Role (None): My sincerest apologies. If you found the food we gave you earlier difficult to swallow, may I suggest taking a deep breath... and joining us? These delicacies might change your mind.

Unknown Role (None): After all, I suspect that your previous meal may have been tainted with something... most unpalatable.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What do you mean... Tainted with what exactly?

Unknown Role (None): With the bitter snobbery of those who call themselves "civilized."

Unknown Role (None): Why you...!

Unknown Role (None): Don't push your luck!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Looking for a fight? Sure, I'd be more than—

Unknown Role (None): Hold it. We're not here to brawl... yet. We're here on official business.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Orders from above. We're here to deliver the Frostmoon Scions a warning... or rather, a final ultimatum.

Unknown Role (None): You have three days to hand over the relic and reveal the whereabouts of your so-called "Kuutar." If you fail to do so, the Fatui will immediately begin the cleansing of Hiisi Island — which, by the way, is a sovereign territory of the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya.

Unknown Role (None): ...What insolence. Your demands are outrageous! For generations, this land has belonged to the—

Unknown Role (None): Dear guests, allow me to save you both time and trouble with a speedy reply. The Frostmoon Scions will never hand over anything to the Fatui.

Unknown Role (None): And to those who set foot on our land with ill intent, I say this — with your blood we shall draw an inviolable line in the snow. That applies to you, too.

Unknown Role (None): Tch. Stubborn savages, the lot of you.

## Talk 32

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600014 could not be retrieved

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... You'll pay for this, mark my words!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! If you're so tough, get back here and put 'em up! Hmph, guess all they're good for is running away.

Unknown Role (None): I'm so sorry... You've had to put up with far too much unpleasantness today.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, it's not your fault! We don't like bullies like them either.

Unknown Role (None): But still... they mentioned a "relic" and "Kuutar." What exactly could they be after?

Unknown Role (None): About this "relic"...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah... So, this might not be the best time to bring this up, but we kinda have a favor to ask of you, Lauma...

Unknown Role (None): I see... So your questions concern the sacred relic too. Please, do not hesitate to speak your mind — unlike those insolent intruders, you walk in the moonlight with open hearts.

Unknown Role (None): You stood by us when we needed your help, so it's only right that I return the favor.

Unknown Role (None): But let us continue this conversation somewhere more fitting. As it happens, there's something I'd like to show you too.

## Talk 34

Unknown Role (None): Wow, it's spectacular...

Unknown Role (None): "Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar" was born here on Hiisi Island around five hundred years ago. As it just so happened, a priestess of the Frostmoon Scions witnessed the moment of her birth.

Unknown Role (None): Instantly realizing that this was the prophesied rebirth, she quietly recorded the event and carved this statue to honor that miracle.

Unknown Role (None): According to legend, Kuutar's birth was accompanied by the sudden appearance of many kuuhenki, who wove the moonlight that bathed her into silken vestments fit for a goddess.

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, it's like it knows we're talking about it!

Unknown Role (None): From that day forth, the kuuhenki have been regarded as Kuutar's familiars. Some believe that their habit of guiding travelers to hidden treasure stems from an instinct — the same one that not only drives them to protect the Moon Goddess, but also to make her smile.

Unknown Role (None): After all, according to the records, Kuutar always looked lonely as she gazed up at the distant moon.

Unknown Role (None): About Kuutar's whereabouts...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Kuutar left Hiisi Island before I was even born.

Unknown Role (None): According to the previous Moonchanter, the goddess was angered by our people's greed, and that is why she left us...

Unknown Role (None): Where did she go?

Unknown Role (None): No one knows what happened after she left. But just a few months ago, after those two Ancient Moon's Remnants fell from the sky, she was spotted on Hiisi Island once more.

Unknown Role (None): And the Fatui have been harassing and threatening us ever since.

Unknown Role (None): Judging from what they've said... our Moon Goddess is actually their missing Harbinger — Columbina, "The Damselette."

Unknown Role (None): The Damselette!? But isn't she... number three amongst the Fatui Harbingers!?

Unknown Role (None): So she's actually... the Moon Goddess? Why would she join the Fatui, then?

Unknown Role (None): That, too, is a question I've struggled with. But even at the best of times, understanding other people's choices is difficult... let alone those of a goddess.

Unknown Role (None): Plus...

Unknown Role (None): ...Ah, forgive me. There I go again, rambling on about our history... But you came here to ask about the sacred relic, didn't you?

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, Paimon's not sure which part she's more curious about now...

Unknown Role (None): Since ancient times, the Frostmoon Scions have had in our possession a special fragment of the Ancient Moon's Remnants — a piece in which I sense a power unlike any other.

Unknown Role (None): Successive generations of Moonchanters have all detected a divine presence within it. We call this unique remnant... the "Moon Marrow."

Unknown Role (None): We heard you can use it to see what happened... in the past?

Unknown Role (None): What is it in particular that you seek from the past?

Unknown Role (None): #Well basically, to cut a long story short, Traveler here's actually from outside of Teyv— Mmph!

Unknown Role (None): (Paimon must've just remembered the unfortunate link between the three moons and the Descenders... But right now, I shouldn't try to hide it.)

Unknown Role (None): I'm not from Teyvat... I'm a Descender.

Unknown Role (None): I'm searching for the truth about me and my sibling's past...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you... Your honesty is a sign of your trust — both in me and the Frostmoon Scions.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, though, I won't be able to use the Moon Marrow to shed light on your past just yet.

Unknown Role (None): Our people revere the Moon Marrow as a sacred relic. I'm only permitted to retrieve it from the secret chamber in which it is hidden once a year, on Moon-{RUBY#[D]Kuunrukous}Prayer Night.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, really... So, when's the next Moon-Prayer Night?

Unknown Role (None): Judging from the tides this evening... a little less than two months.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Does that mean... the date changes every year?

Unknown Role (None): The ceremony is held on the night when the moon is closest to Teyvat.

Unknown Role (None): This is also when Nod-Krai's kuuvahki reaches its peak. Only then can the seal on the secret chamber be lifted.

Unknown Role (None): Guess we've got no choice but to wait...

Unknown Role (None): I am truly sorry that I cannot help you sooner.

Unknown Role (None): But as the Moonchanter, I swear that I will do everything I can to help you find the answers you seek.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Lauma.

Unknown Role (None): It means a lot.

Unknown Role (None): Think nothing of it. After all you've done for us, you deserve nothing less.

Unknown Role (None): *yawn*... Who'd have thought today was only our first day in Nod-Krai? Feels like so much has happened already!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #If I may be so bold... What does "family" mean to you, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): (...)

Unknown Role (None): #(Lumine...)

Unknown Role (None): If you were aware of something, a secret that could hurt your family... Would you be honest with them, or try to hide it?

Unknown Role (None): (...A secret? Surely, keeping your family in the dark is never right...)

Unknown Role (None): I'd...

Unknown Role (None): #(But... come to think of it, it's not as if Lumine hasn't been hiding things from me...)

Unknown Role (None): (...)

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I'm... so sorry. That was a strange question... I didn't mean to put you on the spot.

Unknown Role (None): ...It's okay.

Unknown Role (None): I guess... I've just never met anyone with a story quite like yours before. I just suddenly had the urge to ask...

Unknown Role (None): *yawn*... It's getting late, and you two must be rather tired, too. Would you like to stay the night here on Hiisi Island? I can have someone prepare some lodgings.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's alright! We've already got a room back at The Flagship, as it happens. Speaking of which, if you ever need us, feel free to come knocking!

Unknown Role (None): Do you need me to show you the way back?

Unknown Role (None): No worries! It's quite a way, and you should get some rest too, Lauma. We'll make sure to be careful.

Unknown Role (None): Understood, then I won't keep you. May your first night in Nod-Krai pass in stillness and peace.

Unknown Role (None): So... Whatcha thinking? Sure was an eventful day, huh...

Unknown Role (None): A lot to think about, that's for sure.

Unknown Role (None): A lot of threads to unravel... and even more conflicts to resolve.

Unknown Role (None): The good news is, we're not at a dead end in the search for your spaceship yet. We can always learn more about this place while we wait... the usual drill, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Ah... *yawn* Paimon's really getting sleepy now. If she gets too tired to fly back, you carry her, okay?

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay...

Unknown Role (None): (...)

Unknown Role (None): #(Lumine... my little sister... I wonder what you're doing right now?)

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, don't be a stranger now! We might be in Nod-Krai, but don't forget — Dori's doors are always open for you!

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): There she goes again. Some things never change... Does she really think that'll do anything to fix the mess that is Nod-Krai?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Boss? That stuff looks super tasty... Think I could grab some too?

Unknown Role (None): ...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Come night or day, may the blessings of the Moon Goddess shine down upon you.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Ineffa.

Unknown Role (None): Yes?

Unknown Role (None): Feeling comfortable?

Unknown Role (None): I am indeed. No bed in the world is as comfortable as this one.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Ineffa.

Unknown Role (None): Yes?

Unknown Role (None): Want me to increase the charging rate?

Unknown Role (None): Please, if you would. Thank you, Aino.

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm.

Unknown Role (None): Ineffa.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hm, yes?

Unknown Role (None): I'm hungry...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): In that case... Please enable Quick Charge mode.

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): (Let's give them some space so they can rest...)