(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act I A Dance of Snowy Tides and Hoarfrost Groves)

# Reunion Beneath the Moonlight

The secrets of this land are like an ancient song that lingers in your heart and cannot be easily dismissed... What song shall Nod-Krai play for you this night...?


## Talk 1

(Return to The Flagship to rest)

Paimon: Zzz... Zzz...
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: (Nod-Krai... A land steeped in ancient stories... and the "first" place I set foot in Teyvat...)
Traveler: (The Fatui... they seem to be conducting some kind of research on the Ancient Moon's Remnants... and now they're after the Frostmoon Scions' sacred Moon Marrow...)
Traveler: (And then there's The Damselette... Kuutar, the moonborn...)
Traveler: (Why did she leave the Frostmoon Scions in the first place? And why did she then abandon the Fatui?)
Traveler: (Lauma mentioned "family"...)
Traveler: #(Lumine... What happened to our spaceship back then? Why did we land in Teyvat?)
Traveler: (Ugh... My head's spinning... I won't be able to sleep like this...)
Traveler: (I'll try not to dwell on it. Just need to try to get some sleep...)
Paimon: *snore*... Hehe... Just one more... helping...
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: (Ha... I envy Paimon sometimes... She really can fall asleep anywhere...)
Traveler: (Ugh, no use forcing it... Maybe a walk will clear my head...)
Traveler (Message): "Paimon, I'm heading out for a bit. If you wake up and I'm still gone, don't panic... I'll be back soon."

## Talk 2

(Take a walk under the moonlight)

Traveler: (And Varka just happened to be away... Could it somehow be related to the Abyss...?)
Traveler: (Come to think of it... It feels like there's something different about the Abyssal phenomenon here... the one they call the "Wild Hunt"...)
Traveler: (Huh? Didn't realize I'd walked this far already...)
Traveler: (Guess I should head back soon... If I'm gone too long, Paimon will start to worry...)
The Damselette (???): ♪~♪~
Traveler: (Wait, is that... singing?)
Luonnotar: ...!
Traveler: Hey, what are you doing here?
Traveler: These flowers... I remember... When you first appeared, there were flowers like this all around you...
Luonnotar: ...
Traveler: (It's heading towards the source of the singing... Might as well follow it and see what's going on...)

## Talk 3

(Follow Luonnotar's guidance)

Traveler's Sibling: Been slacking off on your combat training? Or has no one been around to keep you in shape?
Traveler: No... I... just wanted to let you win.
Traveler's Sibling: Been too busy practicing your excuses instead, huh?
Traveler: ...
Traveler: (Wonder when the last time we bickered like this was... Miss those days, I really do.)

## Talk 4

(Enter the cavern)

The Damselette (???): ♪~♪~
Traveler: (That girl... She looks just like the Frostmoon Scions' statues... Surely that's not...!)
The Damselette (???): ...
The Damselette (???): Who goes there?
Traveler: ...!
The Damselette (???): How did you get in here?
Traveler: ...
Traveler: I am but a passing traveler... I followed your song here. I'm very sorry if I've intruded...
Luonnotar: ...
The Damselette (???): The kuuhenki... She brought you here...
Traveler: (What do I do now...? Did I just wander into her private abode? Should I... leave?)
Traveler: (But... I have questions I really want to ask her...)
Traveler: May I ask... Are you the one they call "Kuutar"? And... the Harbinger that the Fatui refer to as "The Damselette"?
The Damselette (???): ...The Fatui?
The Damselette (???): Are you here at their behest?
Traveler: (What's going on? These flowers, did they just... turn red? And that... sudden sense of impending danger!)
Traveler: Please, don't get me wrong! I have no intention of doing anything for the Fatui!
Traveler: I just wanted to ask you about Nod-Krai... and the moons.
The Damselette (???): ...The moons?
The Damselette (???): ...
The Damselette (???): ...Do not believe in what you can see. What truly matters is what you cannot.
Traveler: (That feeling of danger has gone. Guess she no longer sees me as a threat... for now, at least. But...)
Traveler: What do you mean?
The Damselette (???): ♪~♪~
Traveler: (Isn't she going to answer? She doesn't seem willing to speak...)
Traveler: (Let's give that another try...)
Traveler: #...Listen, I'm Traveler. I'm on a journey through the nations of Teyvat.
The Damselette (???): #Hello, Traveler.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: (...Is that it?)
Traveler: (...Doesn't she know how a conversation's meant to work? Or does she just not care?)
Traveler: Could you tell me your name?
The Damselette (???): ...
The Damselette: Columbina...
Traveler: (So it is her...)
The Damselette: ...Kuutar, The Damselette, the Moon Goddess... Pick whichever takes your fancy.
The Damselette: ...I do not know my own name.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: (...We're all given our name by someone else... but according to Lauma, she was born in Teyvat alone... So that must be why...)
Traveler: Then... Columbina.
The Damselette: Hm?
Traveler: (...I'd like to ask about the Fatui, but after the way she reacted last time I mentioned them... maybe not.)
Luonnotar: ...
Traveler: This kuuhenki, this Luonnotar... Did you bring her into being?
The Damselette: Come here, little one...
The Damselette: Mmm... The trace of a blessing, but not one of mine.
Traveler: (So maybe it's just like Lauma said... a blessing from long, long ago...)
The Damselette: People always assume I can do many things, assume I have done many things... but I haven't...
The Damselette: All I ever wanted was to...
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: (She's drifting off again...)
Traveler: (So many mysteries remain unsolved, but we're not getting anywhere like this. Maybe this just isn't the right moment...)
Traveler: It's about time I got going. I'm very sorry for disturbing you today...
The Damselette: ...
Traveler: (Time to head back...)
Luonnotar: ...! ...!
Traveler: (The Luonnotar... Does it want to come with me?)
Traveler: Columbina... That kuuhenki...
The Damselette: Hmm? Oh... you're leaving?
The Damselette: ...
Traveler: (Not willing to let it go...? It seems she likes this Luonnotar a lot...)
The Damselette: Go then.
Luonnotar: ...!
Traveler: Goodbye.
The Damselette: Take care... The moon can be treacherous.
Traveler: Huh? What does that mean...
The Damselette: ♪~♪~
Traveler: (...Never mind. I'll ask her next time I get a chance to see her...)

## Talk 6

Paimon: Sorry to—
Paimon: ...Huh? There's no one here. But didn't they just say Lauma came this way a few minutes ago?
Ashru (Black Cat): Meow...
Paimon: No one except for a... cat, watching over the front desk...?
Paimon: Excuse... meow? Are we supposed to check in here?
Ashru (Black Cat): Meow...
Paimon: No idea what that means... Is this Lauma's personal receptionist, or something? Pretty sure she'd be the only person who could actually understand it...
Ashru (Black Cat): Meow...
Paimon: Huh? It's heading into that room...
Lauma: But... Why not?
Nefer (???): Like I told you already, that's just— Hmm? Another client?
Paimon: Waah! So you were in this room the whole time...
Nefer (???): Something I can do for you?
Lauma: #Traveler, Paimon...
Nefer (???): Oh? You're acquainted, then?
Lauma: Yes. They visited Hiisi Island yesterday — we had dinner together.
Lauma: #Allow me to introduce you. Traveler, Paimon... This is Nefer, boss of the Curatorium of Secrets.
Nefer: Pleasure to meet you.
Lauma: They are travelers who arrived in Nod-Krai just yesterday. Greeted by the birds and beasts of this land, they are kind-hearted souls who walk in the moonlight's glow...
Traveler: (...!)
Nefer: (Hmm? Ha, interesting...)
Traveler: Actually, I, uh...
Nefer: Thank you, Lauma, but you need not have introduced them. They are great heroes, renowned throughout the nations beyond our borders.
Lauma: Oh, really...?
Traveler: I... Uh...
Nefer: Do not forget, I deal in information. Just because most people in Nod-Krai pay scant attention to foreign affairs, that does not mean the same goes for the Curatorium of Secrets.
Nefer: They're the heroes everyone was talking about before — the ones who saved Natlan during the Abyss crisis.
Traveler: (Help... I've never felt this uncomfortable being praised before... How am I supposed to explain what happened last night now?)
Lauma: I see... We Frostmoon Scions seldom leave our domain, so I had not heard of your heroic deeds. Please, forgive my ignorance.
Paimon: Hehe, it's no big deal, we were hoping to keep a low profile anyway. If we had to list all of our titles and good deeds, we'd be talking till sundown, and then some!
Traveler: Paimon...!
Paimon: Huh? What's wrong? Still not feeling great?
Nefer: So, what brings you both to the Curatorium today?
Paimon: #Ohhh, so basically, we were just eating when we overheard people talking about how the Frostmoon Scions' relic had been stolen... and then he dragged Paimon over here.
Nefer: (Mm... I see.)
Nefer: Ah, I see! So you came over here because you were worried about Lauma? A combination truly befitting of great heroes — strong at arms and pure of heart.
Traveler: (I can't take this much longer...)
Nefer: In that case, Lauma, I've got a suggestion.
Nefer: Why not ask these battle-hardened heroes to take the commission for you? Honestly, it's a little beyond the means of such a modest establishment as ours.
Lauma: Your "modest establishment," unable to handle a commission? You just don't want to take it, do you?
Nefer: You're right — I do not.
Paimon: What kind of commission is this?
Paimon: Surely it's not... to recover your stolen relic?
Lauma: Yes, that is it.
Lauma: #Recovering the relic is both my duty as a Moonchanter and a step toward fulfilling the promise I made Traveler — to help uncover the truth of the past.
Lauma: But Nefer has already declined our commission multiple times.
Lauma: And yet, just as it always has, the moon will continue to illuminate the sky above the Curatorium.
Lauma: Come night or day, may the Moon Goddess keep you.
Nefer: ...Enough of that.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I'm sorry, everyone...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: There's something I need to get off my chest.
Paimon: ...
Lauma: ...
Nefer: #(So... according to him, he never came into contact with the relic... so he suspects his sister may have taken it.)
Lauma: Mm... I understand.
Traveler: I'm truly sorry...
Lauma: ...The Frostmoon Scions' secret chamber has remained hidden from the world for generations. But the reason outsiders are forbidden entry is not only to prevent theft.
Lauma: Within the chamber lie ancient trials, challenges designed to test the worthiness of those who enter. To intrude without rightful cause is a most perilous act indeed.
Lauma: #So please, don't be too hard on yourself, Traveler. The fact that you made it through those trials proves your right to stand before the relic.
Lauma: To put it simply... the Moon Marrow itself has deemed you worthy.
Traveler: ...You're not angry with me?
Lauma: No. Your honesty tells me everything — you never sought to take the Moon Marrow for yourself.
Lauma: As for what happened at the end... I suspect the chamber's protection mechanism may have been activated. Among those who entered the final chamber, there was either someone with impure intent, or else... an Abyssal presence.
Paimon: The Abyss?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: #My sister...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...Can indeed wield the power of the Abyss.
Lauma: Perhaps that's why, then. Either way, the Moon Marrow was taken...
Lauma: ...And I believe you, so the problem remains the same. I need to recover our relic.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I'll help you.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: #I want to find my sister too...
Nefer: See? Didn't I tell you it would all work out in the end?
Nefer: #But before everyone starts celebrating, forgive me for asking just one more thing... Are you absolutely sure your sister took the relic?
Paimon: What do you mean? Weren't they the only ones inside at the time?
Nefer: #Who knows? Think about it — after your sister broke the seal with Abyssal power, what was to stop someone else from following you in there?
Lauma: Hmm... In theory, nothing.
Nefer: And as it just so happens, I received a tip-off from one of my sources earlier this morning...
Nefer: Word is, today of all days, the Fatui suddenly called off their search for the relic.
Lauma: ...What?
Paimon: Huh? Why?
Nefer: Well, either they woke up this morning and suddenly decided they'd lost all interest, or...
Traveler: They already have it.
Nefer: Exactly.
Traveler: #(But... no... Lumine couldn't possibly be working with the Fatui...)
Nefer: #Are you wondering if your sister might be in cahoots with the Fatui?
Nefer: #Which is why I asked: Are you absolutely sure your sister took the relic?
Nefer: #Or to put it another way... Do you really know your sister?
Traveler: (Huh!? I...)
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: #(She's right... The truth is, I really don't know what Lumine is trying to do here...)
Lauma: In other words... it's highly likely that the Fatui already have the Moon Marrow.
Paimon: So basically, all we need to do is find our way into that Fatui research facility, and we should be able to get to the bottom of this, right?
Nefer: Congratulations, you've found your answer! Looks like the Curatorium won't need to lift a finger this time.
Nefer: Well, Lauma, there we are... On behalf of our longstanding cooperation, and the great hero by your side, I'll waive your consultation fee — but just this once.
Lauma: ...You're really not planning on helping us?
Nefer: I think I've helped more than enough already.
Lauma: If we're to stand any chance of infiltrating that facility, we'll need the help of a specialist.
Nefer: *sigh* Just so you don't get the wrong idea, let me make myself crystal clear...
Nefer: The Curatorium of Secrets has always striven to abide by a policy of strict neutrality. We do not take sides with any faction in Nod-Krai.
Nefer: I cannot help the leader of the Frostmoon Scions sneak into a Fatui facility. That would make me their enemy.
Nefer: When one of their Harbingers asked me to help them infiltrate your territory, I gave them the same answer — "No."
Lauma: ...
Lauma: Alright, I understand.
Lauma: But I do have one final request... I promise it's my last.
Nefer: ...It had better be.
Lauma: No matter who it is, I want you to help us persuade the next person who walks through that door to join us.
Nefer: ...
Nefer: (What is she up to...?)
Nefer: You're that desperate for help? What if it's a member of the Fatui?
Lauma: It doesn't matter. You're welcome to tell them everything, even about our plans to infiltrate the Experimental Design Bureau.
Lauma: All I'm asking is for you to say one thing, just one thing to help persuade them. If you do that, I promise I won't ask you for anything else.
Nefer: ...
Lauma: Made up your mind?
Nefer: Fine, fine. I'll play along with your little game.
Nefer: Besides, as long as I'm not personally involved, no one can accuse us of taking sides...
Jahoda (???): Boss, I'm back!
Nefer: ...
Jahoda (???): You won't believe the luck I've been having today! Remember you sent me to find that runaway cat, yeah? And you said I'd only be back after dark?
Jahoda (???): Well, guess what? Right after I left the house, this big ibis flew over, and the missing cat was right in its claws! And once it got close, it loosened its grip, and—
Jahoda (???): ...Ahh! Boss, you're... meeting clients? I'm so sorry, I'll... get out of your way!
Nefer: ...
Traveler: (That ibis... must've been sent by Lauma...)
Nefer: Jahoda, dear, come here.
Jahoda: Huh? Me...? Uh... Is something the matter? Oh, uh... Hi there...
Nefer: My dear Jahoda, I have a... request.
Jahoda: (Yikes! Why does the boss sound so... scary? Did I do something wrong?)
Nefer: Would you be so kind as to accompany these three delightful clients of ours and help them infiltrate the Fatui's Kuuvahki Experimental Design Bureau?
Jahoda: (What is going on here!? Boss usually just says things like "Hey, go do this," or "You, go take care of that." Why is she being so... scarily polite?)
Jahoda: (And... Wait a sec, the Fatui's research facility!? That's basically a death sentence!)
Nefer: Made your mind up yet, my dear?
Jahoda: Uhhh... I... I...
Jahoda: (What is up with Boss today? Am I supposed to say yes to this!? Or... or maybe it's because the mission's too risky, so she's actually looking out for me...?)
Jahoda: (Why is everyone looking at me like that!? Is this... some kind of test? I—I can't let Boss down... Can I?)
Nefer: Have you... made up... your mind?
Jahoda: Ahhh! I... Uh, umm... Th—That's... Sure, why not?
Paimon: Really? You really don't mind helping us?
Jahoda: Huh? Oh, umm... Yes... I—I mean, no! Of course I... I mean, I... I guess I do...?
Paimon: Thanks so much! We owe ya big time!
Lauma: On behalf of the Frostmoon Scions, too — thank you, Jahoda, for your help.
Jahoda: (What the...!? Seriously, what just happened?)
Jahoda: (Why does the boss look so fed up? Oh no, was I supposed to turn them down...?)
Nefer: (Ha... All that mentoring, time spent teaching her how to deal with different factions... in one ear and out the other...)
Lauma: Nefer...
Nefer: You got what you wanted. You promised that was it.
Lauma: I know this goes against your principles. I won't forget the favor.
Nefer: Ha... Trying to get me to change my mind now?
Lauma: Of course not. I just wanted to say thank you.
Lauma: So... Thank you.
Nefer: ...
Lauma: Jahoda, we'll leave the planning to you. Let's discuss the details elsewhere.
Jahoda: Huh? O—Okay...
Jahoda: (What have I got myself into...?)
Nefer: Oh — by the way, Jahoda, before you go...
Jahoda: Uh... What is it, boss?
Nefer: ...You're fired.
Jahoda: ...Huh?
Nefer: Effective immediately. As in, this exact moment.
Nefer: The Curatorium will take you back, of course — but only once you've completed this commission for our three clients.
Jahoda: ...What!?
Nefer: Is there some issue? Well, here's the upside — without me taking a cut from your commission, you'll earn more.
Jahoda: ...Seriously, can someone explain what is going on here!?

## Objective 7

(Continue your walk)


## Talk 8

(Continue your walk)

Traveler: (So The Damselette has been here on Hiisi Island all along... But if it wasn't for the Luonnotar, I would've never even found the way in.)
Traveler: (She didn't seem all that concerned about the world outside. Why do the Fatui want her back so badly?)
Traveler: ("The moon can be treacherous"... What's that supposed to mean...?)
Traveler: Wait, is that—!?
Traveler: #...Lumine?
Traveler's Sibling: ...
Traveler: #(...Why is Lumine here?)
Traveler: #(She's alone... Could she be planning something?)
Traveler: #...Lumine!

## Talk 9

(#Get close to Lumine)

Traveler: #...Lumine!
Traveler's Sibling: #Aether, it's you.
Traveler: #(She doesn't seem that surprised to see me. Did she already know I was in Nod-Krai?)
Traveler: Why are you here on Hiisi Island?
Traveler's Sibling: If I told you I was here in search of the Frostmoon Scions' sacred relic... What would you think?
Traveler: ...!
Traveler: #(So Lumine's looking for the Moon Marrow too? But surely she can't be working with the Fatui... so what is she after?)
Traveler: Are you also here to uncover the truth about our past?
Traveler's Sibling: That's right.
Traveler's Sibling: What happened to us in the past, how we came to Teyvat, why our spaceship crashed here... There are things I want to know too.
Traveler: #(So even Lumine doesn't know?)
Traveler's Sibling: But I'm not about to sit around waiting for another two months to find out.
Traveler: Wait...!
Traveler's Sibling: Wait? But I still have unfinished business.
Traveler: (That's... the way to the statue of "Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar"...!)

## Talk 10

(#Catch up with Lumine)

Traveler: #(Surely Lumine's not here to...?)
Traveler's Sibling: ...
Traveler: Hold on a second!
Traveler's Sibling: What's wrong?
Traveler: That's the Frostmoon Scions' sacred relic. We can't just...
Traveler's Sibling: ...Use it to get to the bottom of all this?
Traveler: We should at least get their permission...
Traveler's Sibling: You barely even know her, yet already you hold that "Moonchanter" in such high trust?
Traveler: What do you mean?
Traveler's Sibling: She told you that the seal can only be broken on Moon-Prayer Night, when the flow of kuuvahki is at its peak, yes?
Traveler: ...You heard all that?
Traveler's Sibling: Watch this.
Traveler: Huh? But...
Traveler's Sibling: Get it now? She's been stalling for time.
Traveler's Sibling: As long as the statue's base is imbued with sufficient power, the secret chamber can be opened at any time.
Traveler: #(Lumine used Abyssal power, not kuuvahki... Yet she's broken the seal all the same.)
Traveler: (Did the Abyssal power override the seal's kuuvahki?)
Traveler: #(Or has Lumine been telling the whole truth, and nothing but...? Maybe Lauma's just afraid of breaking with tradition?)
Traveler: (Who should I trust...?)
Traveler's Sibling: Is it such a sin when I don't put all my cards on the table for you, but not when someone else is doing it?
Traveler: ...It's not like that.
Traveler's Sibling: Is it?
Traveler: #Lumine, you've got it all wrong...
Traveler: This whole time, I've wanted to ask you — what happened to make you like this? I admit, I've been having trouble accepting it.
Traveler: But after all this time apart, I've finally come to terms with who you are... willful side and all.
Traveler: I trust you, I still do. Through all the worlds we've traveled, you've always been there by my side.
Traveler: If there are things you can't explain yet... I can wait, while the journey goes on.
Traveler: I'll wait, as long as it takes... until the day you're ready to talk.
Traveler's Sibling: #Aether...
Traveler: (Probably shouldn't have said all that... Must've sounded super sentimental.)
Traveler: (But the truth is, I've bottled that up for way too long already...)
Traveler's Sibling: I'm not looking to borrow the Moon Marrow simply because of our past.
Traveler's Sibling: It holds answers... about the very origins of Teyvat.
Traveler: !
Traveler's Sibling: I've always believed that if you want the truth, you have to see the whole story for yourself.
Traveler's Sibling: #I'm not asking you to trust me, Aether. Just... don't try and stop me.
Traveler's Sibling: If this choice weighs on your heart, then let me go in alone. Forget this meeting ever took place.
Traveler: Bit late for that now...
Traveler's Sibling: But maybe this is the chance I've been waiting for all along.
Traveler's Sibling: Even if it fades with the morning light...
Traveler: ...!
Traveler: I... want to go with you.
Traveler's Sibling: You sure?
Traveler: Yeah.
Traveler's Sibling: Then let's go...
Traveler: #Lumine...
Traveler's Sibling: It's been ages since we went on an adventure together. I can't wait.
Traveler: Really...?
Traveler's Sibling: #You think I'd lie to my big bro?

## Objective 11

(Enter the sanctum of the Frostmoon Scions)


## Talk 12

(Proceed deeper in)

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NONE): Missing text (3758720986)

## Talk 13

(Proceed deeper in)

Traveler's Sibling: #Aether, do you understand how kuuvahki works? How it exacts force through push and pull?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: No problem, I've got this.
        Traveler's Sibling: Okay, I'll leave it to you then.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What do I need to do?
        Traveler's Sibling: Let's see... How about this — I'll temporarily neutralize the kuuvahki on the cliff face and move the platform into the center.
        Traveler's Sibling: Once it's in place, you'll need to utilize the repelling force of kuuvahki to reach the other side.
        Traveler: Gotcha.
        Traveler's Sibling: Okay, I'll leave it to you then.

## Objective 14

(Go to the opposite cliff)


## Objective 15

(#Help Lumine create a path)


## Talk 17

(Proceed deeper in)

Traveler's Sibling: A wide, open space... must be in for a fight.
Traveler's Sibling: Was that it? What a letdown...
Traveler: #(That look on Lumine's face... It's so... unlike her.)
Traveler: #(Was she scarred by her experiences while we were apart? Each day a mark in her flesh, until she ended up like this...)
Traveler's Sibling: #Aether.
Traveler: What is it?
Traveler's Sibling: Why are you looking at me like that? Those enemies were weak, were they not?
Traveler: ...
Traveler: M—Maybe it's because the trial's only just begun...
Traveler's Sibling: Actually, I've got an idea.
Traveler's Sibling: Why don't we have ourselves a little friendly competition?
Traveler's Sibling: Let's see if your journey has made you rusty.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: You're on.
Traveler: #I won't lose to you, Lumine.

## Talk 21

(#Speak to Lumine)

Traveler's Sibling: Fine, you win.
Traveler: Didn't feel like you really wanted it anyway.
Traveler's Sibling: Going all out in a place like this? Sounds like overkill to me.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: (Wonder when the last time we bickered like this was... Miss those days, I really do.)

## Talk 22

(Go to the next "trial")

Traveler: What is this place?
Traveler's Sibling: No sign of any monsters.
Traveler's Sibling: Feels like a ritual site... but something's missing.
Traveler: It's ahead, inside that thing that looks like a mirror. I can feel it.
Traveler: But... maybe it's sealed within?
Traveler's Sibling: Can you open it using kuuvahki?
Traveler: Apparently not.
Traveler: Do you think it might have something to do with the Frostmoon Scions' bloodline?
Traveler's Sibling: Ha...
Traveler: #Lumine?
Traveler's Sibling: If this is about strength of blood, what could possibly stop us?
Traveler: ...Mm.
Traveler's Sibling: Let me give it a try. Why don't you check around for other clues?
Traveler: Sure.
Traveler's Sibling: ...
Traveler's Sibling: #Aether!
Traveler: #Lumine!
Traveler's Sibling: Found it. This should do the trick.
Traveler: Okay.
Traveler: As expected, the stone pillars seem to resonate with it!
Traveler's Sibling: They're in your hands, then.

## Objective 24

(#Solve the puzzle together with Lumine)


## Objective 25

(Go to the next "trial")


## Objective 26

(Go to the next "trial")


## Objective 27

(Go to the next "trial")


## Talk 28

(Continue onward)

Traveler's Sibling: Looks like the final trial is just up ahead. Ready for battle?
Traveler: When have I ever not been?
Traveler: ...
Traveler's Sibling: What's wrong?
Traveler: Going on an adventure with you, side by side... It's been so exciting. But at the same time, it just feels... surreal, I guess.
Traveler's Sibling: Maybe because it's been so long.
Traveler's Sibling: You know, this is only the second time we've fought together since the day we both woke up in Teyvat.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: Maybe that's it...
Traveler's Sibling: #Aether, let the light of our blades come together once more, just like they did in the past.
Traveler: #Lumine...
Traveler's Sibling: This is a night of miracles, an adventure that belongs to us. Let's not weigh it down with worries and regrets.
Traveler's Sibling: This is our adventure.

## Objective 29

(Defeat the foe before you)


## Objective 30

(Defeat the foes before you)


## Talk 31

(#Speak to Lumine)

Traveler: It's over!
Traveler's Sibling: Nicely done. Flawless execution.
Traveler: Couldn't have pulled it off without your backup. Not too shabby at all.
Traveler's Sibling: As for what you were saying... Yes, I should've come to see you earlier. Or at the very least...
Traveler: ...Spent more time with me, going on adventures like this?
Traveler's Sibling: Something like that.
Traveler's Sibling: Instead of just running off and expecting you to follow my trail...
Traveler: Wait a sec... That's not an official apology, is it?
Traveler's Sibling: That goes without saying.
Traveler's Sibling: C'mon. Time to claim the treasure we came for.

## Talk 32

(Enter the secret space where the relic is stored)

Traveler: So this is the Moon Marrow... the treasure we've been after.
Traveler's Sibling: ...
Traveler's Sibling: #Alright... Go get it for me, Aether. It belongs to me.
Traveler: #(Huh? What's up with Lumine? She's talking like a complete stranger again...)
Traveler's Sibling: #What's wrong, Aether? After everything we've just been through, you still don't trust me?
Traveler's Sibling: Don't you want to know the truth too, just like I do?
Traveler: I...
Traveler's Sibling: Rest assured — I'll share the truth with you afterwards.
Traveler's Sibling: Now, go bring it to me.
Traveler: ...!
Traveler: What's going on? Where did this fog come from?
Traveler: #Lumine!
Traveler: ...

## Talk 33

(#Look for Lumine)

Traveler: #Lumine!
Traveler: (Huh? What is this place?)
Traveler: (That presence... it's the Abyss!)
Traveler: (Is that... the Wild Hunt? Did it show up when we entered this domain?)
Traveler: ...!
Traveler: #Lumine...!
Flins: #Huh? What are you doing here, Traveler?
Traveler: You're... Flins?
Flins: Yes, we ran into each other at The Flagship this afternoon. I'm honored you still remember.
Traveler: #(Is Lumine... gone...?)
Flins: Are you looking for something here?
Traveler: I...
Traveler: (Uh... Not sure I wanna admit that I just broke into the Frostmoon Scions' secret chamber in search of their sacred relic...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: ...Taking a walk.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...Doing a bit of moongazing.
Flins: And you just happened to end up... surrounded by the Wild Hunt?
Traveler: ...
Flins: Sorry, I did not intend to come off as pointing fingers. Indeed, perhaps our courses of action do not differ so greatly.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You're out for a walk too?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Or are you... also into moongazing?
Flins: Not exactly. We Lightkeepers are accustomed to patrolling at night — a long-held tradition, you understand. I was just passing by when I noticed that the Wild Hunt had struck, so I simply did what I am duty-bound to do.
Flins: As a matter of fact, I just saw someone leaving in quite the hurry. Was that your companion?
Traveler: #(...! Lumine...)
Traveler: That was... the person dearest to me.
Flins: ...
Flins: Perhaps I should take my leave now. After all, my patrol isn't over yet.
Flins: Nod-Krai is a dangerous place to be at night. I'd advise that you head back soon as well.

## Talk 34

(Return to your accomodations to rest)

Traveler: (Ha... Went out to clear my head, and came back with even more on my mind...)
Traveler: #(What on earth is Lumine playing at...)
Traveler: (Hm? What's this...)
Paimon (Paimon's Message): "Paimon woke up and saw you were gone, so she made you a cup of berry juice to help you sleep... Her own secret recipe! When you get back, drink it up and go get yourself some rest."
Traveler: Haha...
Traveler: (Paimon's right... I need sleep. Got another full day of adventuring ahead...)
Paimon: *yawn* Good... morning? If now still counts as morning, hehe...
Paimon: When did you get back last night? Did you sleep well?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Very well, thanks to your berry juice...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Rested up and ready to roll!
Paimon: Hehe, good to hear.
Paimon: So where'd you wander off to on your midnight stroll? Anything interesting to see in Nod-Krai at night?
Traveler: More than you'd believe...
Paimon: Ooh, really? C'mon, don't leave Paimon hanging!
Traveler: (...)
Paimon: Alright, alright... Guess we'll have to feed your stomach before we feed Paimon's curiosity...
Paimon: Let's go grab something to eat while we talk!

## Talk 35

(Go to The Flagship's main hall)

Paimon: Whew, this is just the best, huh? Free food, free lodgings... This Varka's friend-for-life material, that's for sure!
Jolanta: Hey, did you hear what happened?
Ahvo: Uh? Hear about what?
Jolanta: Y'know, all that commotion over at the Frostmoon Scions! Crazy, huh?
Traveler: (...Eh?)
Ahvo: Huh? ...Wh—What happened?
Jolanta: Pffft, see what I mean? Completely oblivious to what's going on around you!
Jolanta: The sacred relic of theirs... It's been stolen!
Traveler: ...! ... *cough* *cough*...
Paimon: Hey, slow down! Paimon knows you're hungry, but you don't have to worry about her stealing your food... at least not today...
Ahvo: What!? Was it those Fatui?
Jolanta: No idea, but the news has already spread right through Nasha Town!
Ahvo: What did their high priestess... Uhhh, what do they call her again, the Moon-something... Anyway, what did she say about it?
Jolanta: What COULD she say? She's the one who discovered it was missing!
Traveler: (...)
Jolanta: She was in Nasha Town first thing this morning, hoping to launch a joint investigation with the Voynich Guild.
Paimon: #Whoa, did you hear that, Traveler? Lauma and the others... their sacred relic's been stolen!
Paimon: Who in Tevyat would even have the nerve—!? Paimon bets it was that bunch of good-for-nothing, rule-breaking, trouble-makin' Fatui!
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: #(But Lumine and I were the only ones to enter the secret chamber last night... Could it have been her?)
Paimon: Huh? What's wrong? You feeling okay?
Ahvo: Hahaha... A joint investigation? Pff, good luck getting any takers — unless there's some reward or business opportunity to sweeten the deal.
Jolanta: Same thoughts here. So, just a few minutes back, she switched gears and headed over to the one place that might actually be able to solve this... the Curatorium of Secrets!
Traveler: !!!
Paimon: Wah! Y—You scared Paimon... What is it?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: C'mon, Paimon...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...Next stop, the Curatorium of Secrets.
Paimon: Huh? Oh... O—Okay, just— Hey, Paimon's not a baby, y'know! Quit pulling her arm!

## Talk 37

(Leave the Curatorium of Secrets)

Black Screen Text: After Jahoda is finally brought up to speed, you all agree on a plan to infiltrate the Fatui research facility the following night...
Paimon: Are we sure Jahoda's alright? She looked totally crushed just now...
Lauma: She'll be fine, she's just in shock. But one thing's for sure — the Curatorium's professional standards are beyond question.
Lauma: The fact that she only requested one day to prepare says it all.
Lauma: As an apology, I'll ask my animal friends to help her out more often in the future...
Lauma: #Also... Thank you for being honest with me, Traveler. It means a lot.
Traveler: It was my fault in the first place...
Lauma: Was it really, though?
Lauma: As far as I see it, trusting your family is never "wrong." In this case, let's call it... a misjudgment.
Lauma: But the truth is, we all make mistakes every now and then. What matters is how we deal with the consequences.
Lauma: So... In return for your sincerity, there's something I'd like to share with the two of you as well.
Paimon: Oh? What is it?
Lauma: ...Perhaps it is something best said under the moon's gentle light. Would the two of you meet me on Hiisi Island tonight?
Traveler: No problem.
Paimon: Hmm, it does sound important... You're right, there's too many people here. Somewhere quieter makes a lot more sense.
Lauma: Thank you both for understanding. Then let us meet beneath the moonlight.

## Objective 38

(Wait until the appointed time (19:00 – 24:00))


## Objective 39

(Meet up with Lauma)


## Talk 40

(Meet up with Lauma)

Paimon: Lauma, we're here!
Paimon: Huh? Lauma, are you... praying?
Lauma: I am indeed... For the moment I was born, my people exclaimed: "Behold: eyes like the moonlit tide, antlers like the crescent moon, and blood that glimmers silver as the moon's reflection..."
Lauma: From as far back as I can remember, I was revered as the "Frostmoon's Emissary" and the "Moon-Tide Maiden"...
Lauma: The first words I ever learned were prayers to the Frostmoon... the first gestures, those of our sacred rites.
Paimon: Wow, that... must have been tough.
Lauma: Back then, I didn't know any better. It all just seemed so... natural.
Lauma: The Frostmoon Scions' bloodline has long since begun to run thin. Nowadays, even those of us with antlers are few and far between, let alone those attuned to the power of kuuvahki.
Lauma: But I...
Paimon: Whoa... Your antlers are so pretty...
Lauma: They say it's an extraordinarily rare condition... once in a century, if that. I am unusually sensitive to the moonlight, as well as to the kuuvahki's ebb and flow. As a child, I could barely sleep because of it.
Paimon: Oh no... It was that serious?
Lauma: To others, fluctuations in kuuvahki are something you easily get used to — like a gentle tide lapping away at the shore.
Lauma: But to me, that same tide is a towering tsunami, a surging swell crashing against me...
Lauma: Of course, as the years went by, I learned how to suppress my senses — and my power — enough to keep it all from overwhelming me.
Lauma: But because of that... I also had to walk the path of concealment.
Paimon: Concealment...?
Lauma: From the moment I was first taught to pray, my kin would point up to the night sky, telling me: "That, Lauma, is the Frostmoon — the last of the moons, the sole surviving truth."
Lauma: But I would ask them in response: "Why? Why can't I feel anything from it at all?"
Lauma: Later, I came to understand that they simply could not tell where the real tide was coming from. They couldn't sense it... the true moon beyond the sky's veil.
Traveler: (...!)
Traveler: (Is Lauma talking about the false sky? So the true Frost Moon... lies beyond it?)
Lauma: "The moon is false"... I reached that conclusion long ago.
Lauma: But there was no one I could tell, not a single soul... At least, not until now.
Lauma: "Am I the one who's wrong? Is it the moon that is false, or my own senses?" ...I asked myself such questions, time and time again.
Traveler: (...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Your intuitions were correct.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: The sky above Teyvat... is a lie.
Lauma: ...!
Lauma: #Thank you... Traveler.
Lauma: When you called yourself a Descender, I had a feeling you might be able to confirm what I had always suspected.
Lauma: And now that you have, it's exactly as I imagined. I feel... relieved.
Paimon: Ohhh, Paimon kinda gets why you couldn't tell anyone now... It's not easy to change people's minds on something they've believed for hundreds of years.
Lauma: That's what I meant by "concealment"...
Lauma: I knew too much, so I had no choice but to keep my people in the dark... Every prayer I offer feels like a lie to keep myself going.
Traveler: (So that's what she meant when she asked me that question...)
Traveler: ("If you were aware of something, a secret that could hurt your family... Would you be honest with them, or try to hide it?")
Lauma: #Traveler... You've already met our "Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar", haven't you?
Traveler: ...Yes.
Paimon: Huh? When was that, and more importantly, when were you planning on telling Paimon!?
Traveler: That night when I went out walking alone...
Paimon: Ah, no wonder...
Lauma: What did you think of her?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: A little... up in the clouds?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: And a bit lonely, too.
Paimon: What exactly do you mean by "up in the clouds"...
Lauma: I understand what you mean. She is quite indifferent to the world outside herself. But... I find it hard to hold that against her.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Does that mean...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...You've met her too?
Lauma: Yes. It was shortly after the fall of the Ancient Moon's Remnants.
Lauma: I asked her what the Frostmoon Scions meant to her, and why she left in the first place.
Paimon: Yeah, so, why did she...?
Lauma: Perhaps... it's better if you ask her yourselves. Things tend to get lost in translation when you speak on someone's behalf.
Lauma: What I can say for certain is this. Even when I had no one to confide in, I still had a family... I still had the Frostmoon Scions.
Lauma: But that girl, born beneath the moonlight... perhaps she's never felt she had either.
Lauma: The truth is, though, she might have had it all — if only the Frostmoon Scions hadn't let her down.
Traveler: (Last time I saw her, she kept looking up at the sky... Was she staring at the real moon beyond the false firmament?)
Lauma: The Frostmoon Scions now walk a path of error. They offer their prayers to a false moon, and to a goddess who can no longer answer them.
Lauma: I want to change all that.
Lauma: But with the Fatui closing in on us day by day, the Frostmoon Scions must stand united — now more than ever. I just... need to wait for the right moment.
Kapy: Lady Lauma, Lady Lauma!
Lauma: Kapy...? Has Kaarina's condition deteriorated again?
Lauma: #Traveler, Paimon, we'll have to continue this conversation later.
Paimon: Wait up, we'll come too!

## Talk 42

(Check on Kaarina's condition)

Kaarina: ...
Lauma: ...
Kapy: Why...? Did I do something wrong? I've been praying to the Moon Goddess every day... Why isn't she getting any better...
Traveler: (The Moon Goddess is powerless to answer her prayers, just like Lauma said...)
Lauma: Kapy, I need you to wait outside. I'm about to start her treatment.
Kapy: ...
Paimon: Is there anything we can do to help...?
Lauma: Just... don't be alarmed by what you're about to see. And please, don't let her mother see it...
Traveler: (Is that... a knife!?)
Paimon: ...!
Lauma: ...
Traveler: (Silver blood, and... medicine powder?)
Lauma: Shh... Please... Help me keep this a secret...
Kaarina: ...
Paimon: She looks much better now... But Lauma, was that...?
Lauma: ...A medicine prescribed by a local doctor. For ordinary people, my blood has the power to counteract any adverse reactions to kuuvahki.
Traveler: (Lauma's hands are covered in scars... Has she been secretly treating people like this all along...?)
Lauma: *sigh* So now you know another of my little secrets...
Lauma: I had hoped to guide the Scions out of error before Kaarina's illness reached this stage. But clearly... I was too late.
Traveler: (Changing old beliefs is never easy... Some are simply too deeply ingrained, just like this girl's mother's...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: This isn't your fault.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: It isn't anybody's fault.
Lauma: My life... is as hidden from sight as the far side of the moon. Yet people only look to the bright side for guidance.
Lauma: If the day ever came when the two sides were reversed... could they truly accept it?
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: #(Why am I thinking of Lumine right now...? Has she been forced to keep a part of her life hidden too?)
Traveler: #(If it was Lumine...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If it was family...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...They'd understand.
Lauma: Hearing you say that... puts my heart at ease.
Paimon: Mm-hmm! And if there's anything we can do to help the Frostmoon Scions, just let us know!
Lauma: Our priority right now is reclaiming our relic from the Fatui.
Lauma: But I now understand... that the day I will tell everyone the truth is no longer far off.

## Talk 43

(Leave the Frostmoon Enclave)

Paimon: Wow... Paimon would never have guessed Lauma had all that bottled up inside...
Vilemina: Hey! Watch your step!
Paimon: Aaah! Wh—What's wrong? You scared Paimon...
Vilemina: Whew... You scared me there, too. Almost stepped right into one of my traps...
Paimon: A trap? Why would you leave a trap somewhere like this!?
Vilemina: Well, it's not like this is a main path... and besides, we Frostmoon Scions would recognize it instantly.
Traveler: What are you trying to catch?
Vilemina: Hmm... Alright. You don't seem like you're with the Fatui, so I guess there's no harm telling you.
Vilemina: Lauma asked me to set up these traps to keep the Fatui at bay.
Paimon: Ohhh... Come to think of it, their three-day ultimatum is almost up now...
Vilemina: Yes... Hopefully, they'll back off when they realize we won't go down without a fight.
Paimon: Oh, you've done a lot for the Frostmoon Scions too, just like Lauma...
Vilemina: ...
Vilemina: I...
Paimon: ...Vilemina?
Vilemina: Ah! It's nothing, I... I was just wondering... if any of this is really worth it.
Paimon: What do you mean?
Vilemina: Our people... so many are stubborn, stuck in their ways... clinging to a "truth" they refuse to even question.
Vilemina: Do they... really deserve everything Lauma's doing for them?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: They're not all like that...
        Vilemina: Well, yes, but even so...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...They're just afraid of change.
        Vilemina: Afraid... Huh. I suppose... maybe you're right.
Vilemina: No... I—I shouldn't be saying this. Just... forget it, okay? Bye!
Paimon: Huh?
Vilemina: (Why did I say all that... or really... why am I still doing any of this...)
Vilemina: (*sigh*... Either way, this will be my final night with the Frostmoon Scions...)
Paimon: Well, she sure took off fast... So, are we heading back to The Flagship for a break, or what?
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: There's still somewhere I wanted to go...
Paimon: Wait, you're not thinking of visiting that "Damselette" up in cloud cuckoo land, are you...?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: She must know so much...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: But if she just refuses to talk again...
Paimon: Given who she is, pushing her won't get us anywhere. Hmm... Hey, why don't we...
Traveler: ...Mm?
Paimon: ...Let's bring her something tasty!
Paimon: If she doesn't wanna talk, we'll have to win her over with food!
Traveler: You really think it'll be that easy?
Paimon: Hey, no harm in trying! At the very least, it shows we're trying to be friendly.
Paimon: Hmm, let's see... How about Ineffa's "9.12/10" Berries and Fried Meat, the Frostmoon Scions' boon of the day, and one of your signature dishes — your choice...
Paimon: Should be a good mix of meat and veggies... there's bound to be something she likes!

## Talk 44 (alternative/additional)

(Leave the Frostmoon Enclave)

Traveler: (Let's give them some space so they can rest...)

## Talk 44

(Leave the Frostmoon Enclave)

Paimon: Alright, food's packed and ready. This is the place, right?
Paimon: Why does it feel like we're going to visit a patient... Ugh, no, no, take this seriously, Paimon...

## Talk 45

(Meet The Damselette)

The Damselette: ♪~♪~
The Damselette: ...Hm?
The Damselette: Remind me... Who are you again?
Traveler: (She forgot me after a single day...?)
The Damselette: ...A different one floats by your side today.
Paimon: ("A different one"!? What's that even supposed to mean? Ugh, there goes Paimon's perfect conversation starter...)
Paimon: #Uh, h—hi there... Paimon is Paimon, and this is Traveler...
The Damselette: Oh, there you are. Hmm. Between the two, I suppose you're cuter.
Paimon: (Wait, what does she mean Paimon's less cute than that... floaty thing!?)
Traveler: Columbina...
The Damselette: ...What is it?
Traveler: What's your favorite kind of food?
The Damselette: Hmm? Is this... a treat? Or... an offering?
Paimon: #Uhh, let's go with "treat"! Anyway, this is all Traveler's cooking — so please, help yourself!
The Damselette: ...
Paimon: (That wasn't exactly a "yes," but she didn't turn it down either. What could she be thinking?)
Traveler: (Now you see what I've been dealing with...)
The Damselette: So... What do you want to ask?
Traveler: !!!
Paimon: (Hey, she's actually playing along... Quick, now's our shot!)
Traveler: You know the moon in the sky isn't real, don't you?
The Damselette: I know there is only one moon in the sky. It is simply that some can see it... and some cannot.
Traveler: ...What does it mean to you?
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: The missing prologue.
Paimon: What?
The Damselette: ♪~♪~
Paimon: Huh?
Paimon: (What does that mean? Isn't she going to explain herself?)
Traveler: Can you tell me more about that melody? You were humming it last time, too. It must be important to you.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: It is all I remember from the moment of my birth — a melody, a few lines of lyrics, like a lullaby from a foggy dream.
Paimon: Oh... So, who was singing it?
The Damselette: I do not know.
The Damselette: I have nothing else. Just that song.
Paimon: Eh...?
The Damselette: And the Frostmoon Scions who found me... they had nothing either, but hope.
The Damselette: Before I even knew what was happening, they were already calling me their "Goddess." And I... had no reason to decline.
The Damselette: Like two lost infants unknowingly exchanged, I adopted their faith, and in return, they adopted me.
Traveler: ...
The Damselette: But my adoption drops you into the story halfway through. What came before was scribbled onto the wrong pages... never even bound into the book.
The Damselette: That sense of something missing only served to nurture their greed and doubt. And thus, I came to realize that this place was never truly my home.
Traveler: Greed and doubt?
The Damselette: "O Moon Goddess, forge weapons for us, drive out our enemies, and expand our lands..."
The Damselette: "O Moon Goddess, heal our wounds, ease our suffering, grant us strength..."
The Damselette: They asked for everything, and I obliged... until the day came when no answer could be given.
The Damselette: If mortals can turn to the gods when they are powerless... then who do the gods turn to when they have nothing left to give?
Paimon: Uhh, you've... got Paimon there...
The Damselette: In those days, the Frostmoon Scions cared more for "faith" than for "truth."
Traveler: (So that's why she chose to leave...)
The Damselette: Reality rewrote the sky in words I could not understand. I did not want to read a tampered version, so I simply stopped looking.
The Damselette: The real beginning of my story lies up there on the moon, forever beyond my reach — like a message carved for blind hands, sealed away where no fingers can find it.
Paimon: Oh, so that's how it is...
The Damselette: Mph...!
Paimon: Wh—What's wrong!?
The Damselette: ...
Traveler: (The flowers... they've turned white?)
The Damselette: *pant*... You should go...
Paimon: What, now? But, you really don't look well... Did something just happen?
Traveler: Is there anything we can do to help?
The Damselette: No... Aside from answers, I have nothing else to give you in return.
The Damselette: This is the price... of running away from home a second time.
Paimon: Running away from home...?
The Damselette: ...
Paimon: (Uh... Is she heading towards the food? Did all of Paimon's questions make her hungry...?)
The Damselette: Do you still have many questions?
The Damselette: I know I should offer more in return for your kindness, but I'm feeling a little worn out.
Paimon: Ohhh, we're... so sorry about that!
The Damselette: The Tsaritsa was right. Freedom always comes with a price.
The Damselette: She said I could treat the Fatui as a second family, a second home... but in the end, they were no different. All they wanted in truth was my "power" as the Moon Goddess.
The Damselette: ...I'd rather not dwell on such unhappy memories.
Traveler: (Seems the Fatui can't afford to let go of such a valuable chess piece — so now they're coming for the Moon Goddess, their "Damselette in distress"...)
The Damselette: I have fulfilled my promise to the Tsaritsa, though it has used up much of my power. So you see... this has nothing to do with betrayal.
Paimon: So... you're just staying here for now, resting and recovering your strength?
The Damselette: Yes.
Paimon: What about these flowers...?
The Damselette: They have grown in Nod-Krai for many generations. They're highly sensitive to the ebb and flow of kuuvahki.
Traveler: (Kuuvahki...)
Traveler: (So... they turn white when she's feeling weak. And when they went red that day, that was because... she was drawing upon her strength?)
The Damselette: At times, I thought about using that relic the Frostmoon Scions had hidden away. I could sense the power within it.
The Damselette: But going out is such a hassle... People might see me, and I promised Lauma I wouldn't show myself to anyone. Besides, I know it's gone now anyway...
Paimon: Really? Lauma asked you to stay in hiding...?
The Damselette: ...
Paimon: (Uh-oh, she's looking back at the food again!)
Paimon: P—Paimon's still got some little krumkakes here! You could have these for dessert if you wanted...?
The Damselette: Lauma said she wishes to "change" the Frostmoon Scions... Which is why she asked me to stay out of sight.
The Damselette: I don't really understand what she meant — and to be honest, it's not something that concerns me. But I wasn't planning to see anyone, anyway. If they found their way here themselves, that's hardly my fault.
Traveler: (If The Damselette appeared in front of them now, the Frostmoon Scions might very well think that their Lady Kuutar has returned to save them...)
Traveler: (When you look at it that way, I guess Lauma's actions do make sense.)
The Damselette: Lauma, the Maiden of the Grove... She is quite unlike any Frostmoon Scion I've ever met before.
The Damselette: After hearing my story, she actually apologized for how the Frostmoon Scions treated me back then.
Paimon: She told us she feels like she's been living on the far side of the moon...
The Damselette: Is that so? I actually got the opposite impression...
The Damselette: She's been keeping her true power hidden away, afraid that people might be dazzled by its brilliance... and that they'd no longer be willing to look her way.
Traveler: (Just like Kuutar back then... Maybe her light was simply too bright for anyone to see her as family?)
Traveler: ...
Traveler: So, what do you wish for now?
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: I wish to return to the moon... to the home where my story is written.
The Damselette: Right now... that is all I wish for.
Black Screen Text: And with that, The Damselette looks up to the sky and falls silent.
Black Screen Text: You and Paimon return to The Flagship, reflecting on everything that's happened as you prepare for tomorrow's mission...