(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1036)

# Fulminations and Undercurrents


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Make Drinks

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): The Wild Hunt assault on Starsand Shoal, you mean? Huge wave. First I've ever seen of that size. Good thing it was so brief.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, I mean there's been another, to the north of Nasha Town.

Unknown Role (None): What? How many does that make in the last couple of days now? What are the Lightkeepers playing at...

Unknown Role (None): Can't be helped. There were only a handful stationed on our side in the first place, and the cannon hasn't been fixed yet either. They've been strained to breaking point for a while now, I'll bet.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I'm bugging out if this goes on much longer. And here you all told me this was a good place to do business... Fool me once, I say!

Unknown Role (None): Hey now, this could be our big break! My second-eldest brother made his fortune off Wild Hunt attacks, you know. C'mon, let's get moving. There won't be anything left for us if we're late.

Unknown Role (None): Left for us to... scavenge? Mm... I did hear about an overturned cargo vehicle over there...

Unknown Role (None): Hey.

Unknown Role (None): *clears throat*...

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Should've told them that those are dangerous thoughts.

Unknown Role (None): Forget it...

Unknown Role (None): I doubt they're the only ones thinking like that.

Unknown Role (None): Guess you're right. Even if we solved this Wild Hunt problem, they'd probably just jump head-first into some new danger if they thought they could earn some quick Mora...

Unknown Role (None): Some self-reflection might not be unwarranted, y'know...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... Paimon'll have you know that when it comes to staying outta trouble, greed and cowardice make the perfect match!

Unknown Role (None): Should you really be proud of that...

Unknown Role (None): (Still, the Wild Hunt's been getting wilder ever since we foiled that mysterious phantom's plan at Starsand Shoal.)

Unknown Role (None): (The two of them seem closely connected, and that phantom may very well attack again... even though we know almost nothing about it.)

Unknown Role (None): (...In fact, where would we even begin with such an investigation?)

Unknown Role (None): Hey, look — Aino and Ineffa are here in Nasha Town. Ooh, considering what those people said earlier, d'you think they're here to fix that cannon up?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go say hello.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, dying to know something, aren't ya? You totally zoned out just now...

Unknown Role (None): It's like you can read my mind.

Unknown Role (None): Hah! Paimon can even guess what you want for dinner... She'll place the orders tonight, don't you worry!

Unknown Role (None): I was wondering if you'd be willing to carry around the Moon Marrow instead...

Unknown Role (None): What? No! Paimon doesn't wanna spend her days running from that thing!

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, let's just go, shall we?

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): #Ah. Familiar faces identified — our good friends, Traveler and Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, free manual labor detected!

Unknown Role (None): Those evaluations could not be more different!

Unknown Role (None): Might I ask who this is?

Unknown Role (None): This is Sousi, Sergeant Major of the nearby Lightkeepers. He's stationed here in this town.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, that means...

Unknown Role (None): He is Flins's superior, as far as position is considered.

Unknown Role (None): A pleasure to meet you all.

Unknown Role (None): #This is Traveler and Paimon, friends of ours. They're experienced adventurers who are new to Nod-Krai.

Unknown Role (None): Hi there!

Unknown Role (None): Pleased to meet you. Were you talking about the cannon, by any chance?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. The sooner we can get it firing again, the quicker we can ease our current... predicament.

Unknown Role (None): Two more Wild Hunt incursions have come sweeping in at different locations after the last one at Starsand Shoal. Our manpower is already stretched, as it is — this is more than we can handle.

Unknown Role (None): Hasn't Flins gone back to your HQ to ask for reinforcements? When will they arrive?

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Has he now?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... That's what he said he was gonna do, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... He hasn't contacted me about that yet. As per standing orders, he should be leading a team to root out the Wild Hunt, but I haven't received any reports for a while now.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Well, he does act outside the remit of his orders sometimes. I'm his superior, yes, but I wouldn't say I have much control over his actions.

Unknown Role (None): So he made the call for backup on his own initiative?

Unknown Role (None): Hard to say. Contacting HQ's a tricky business. I should know, I've tried. They either refuse my requests outright, or end up dragging their feet.

Unknown Role (None): And all the while, we're the ones who have to deal with the Wild Hunt — which, by the way, can strike anywhere in Nod-Krai without warning, sweeping across vast swathes of land. This has been a real test of our endurance, to say the least...

Unknown Role (None): We need to send our personnel where they're needed most. A single missive will not do much to change HQ's attitude, I fear.

Unknown Role (None): Flins understands this well enough, I'm sure.

Unknown Role (None): (He sounds nice enough, but it feels like he's hiding something. This whole spiel sounds like a smokescreen.)

Unknown Role (None): We usually sort our foes ahead of time into ones that our Ratniki will take care of, and ones that we'll target using the cannon.

Unknown Role (None): I've finished the preliminary dispatch work already, but this cannon...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay, okay! "Hurry up, Aino." "Fix this, Aino." You fix it if you're in such a hurry! That, or bring me some snacks. This is tiring work over here!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... Could you at least tell me how long we'll be delayed? We're way past our scheduled firing time.

Unknown Role (None): Well that's your fault for firing too often recently! Machines get overworked too, you know? You could try thinking about their feelings for once, maybe?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, what? A machine's... feelings?

Unknown Role (None): In layman's terms, this refers to wear and tear. As such, a machine is more liable to fail the "unhappier" it becomes. The exact probability here would be...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright. I'm not good at this stuff, I know that. But let me stress that we Lightkeepers are the primary financial backer of this cannon — and our backing does cover the fees for subsequent repair and maintenance.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. And I'd say that was a good deal for you! You should thank the Krumkake Craftshop — that means me, by the way — for making you such a huge and powerful weapon for such a measly price!

Unknown Role (None): Do you even know how much it would've cost you if you'd bought all the parts legit and fresh off the assembly line?

Unknown Role (None): Reminder: Your future snack budget will have to be halved without the long-term commission payment, Aino. Calculating: A viable and cheaper option... Lavender Melon Candy.

Unknown Role (None): What? No! Absolutely not! I... L—Let me think, alright? It should take, maybe... three more hours?

Unknown Role (None): Wouldn't this place be crawling with more monsters than there are Fungi in Sumeru by then!?

Unknown Role (None): That might not be the concern you think it is. The monsters of the Wild Hunt are only active in the immediate vicinity of its attacks. They will not spread any further... on their own initiative, at least.

Unknown Role (None): We Lightkeepers will also keep an eye on those areas, both to monitor the monsters and to prevent people from entering the cannon's blast radius.

Unknown Role (None): That said... I'm afraid I can't wait three hours before dispatching manpower to the locations that the cannon won't be firing on.

Unknown Role (None): And here's where my need for "manual labor" comes in. There are some checks I haven't finished yet, but with your help, I can get the repairs done sooner.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, but we don't know a thing about this stuff. How much help will we be?

Unknown Role (None): You'll be fine, trust me! Just take this — oh, and this.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, uh, this book is... so heavy... and what is this?

Unknown Role (None): You can use this Beep-Boopitta to run diagnostics on the cannon. It'll tell you what to do. Oh, and this book will help you understand Beep-Boopitta.

Unknown Role (None): This cannon was built using more than 50 components from different factories and manufacturers. Aino has bound the manuals into one volume. Also, please note: the device's name is "Birgitta."

Unknown Role (None): S—So it's manuals all the way down, huh...

Unknown Role (None): Yup. And if you're quick about this, we might just cut our time-to-fire down by a whole two thirds.

Unknown Role (None): We'll do what we can.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go with you.

Unknown Role (None): Nice! So, you'll check the outside, and Ineffa, inside. Come find me in the control room once you're done. Cool? Cool.

Unknown Role (None): Instructions received. Please go about your work seriously as well, Aino. No snacking while I am away.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! A little snacking will also improve my efficiency by two thirds!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Aino's explanations for things that don't interest her are a bit... "meh," aren't they? Or is that just how geniuses are?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't Beep-Boopitta just following us around? Sure doesn't seem as smart as she said it is. How are we even supposed to know what to check?

Unknown Role (None): We might not be at the right spot yet...

Unknown Role (None): There's probably some condition we haven't triggered.

Unknown Role (None): I've watched Ineffa perform routine repairs before. It seems some sort of maintenance port must first be found, and then this small robot will automatically interface with it.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you're in the know. Nice! What does that port look like?

Unknown Role (None): Now that I'm not so sure of. Let's search around together and see what the robot reacts to.

Unknown Role (None): Works for Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Is this it? Hmm, probably not... Or this one? Oh, ew! Stinks of machine oil!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Nope, not here, either...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, that thing over there looks promising.

Unknown Role (None): Where? Ooh, yeah, it does. Let's try it out.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! It's flying...! Does that mean we got it right?

Unknown Role (None): So, uh... What do we do now?

Unknown Role (None): Lemme give it a try.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Well, whaddya know? Aino was right. We got this working without understanding a thing Beep-Boopitta said!

Unknown Role (None): Still, it's impressive how you figured things out right away.

Unknown Role (None): Benefit of experience, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): I've figured out puzzles a hundred times more complex before.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's up next, along with this stupidly heavy book. Let's see... Should be just like checking a dictionary, right?

Unknown Role (None): The matching result for this symbol is... "Check passed. All systems normal." Wait, is that it?

Unknown Role (None): Well, as they say, "no news is good news."

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, guess you're right. Just feels like we did all this stuff for nothing, that's all... On to the next spot, then.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Paimon's getting the hang of this now. It's this thing, right?

Unknown Role (None): I'll handle it.

Unknown Role (None): And this time... Huh? Why are you angry? Oh... Huh, looks like its expressions are also prompts of a kind. Which page is that on...

Unknown Role (None): We need to take note of the order in which its eye colors change — purple, red... Hey, slow down! Paimon didn't catch that!

Unknown Role (None): Beep-deep— bee-dee-deep—

Unknown Role (None): Wha... So now we've got musical prompts too? Weren't you only supposed to be a "beep-boop" machine?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, one final stop. This was quite a trip, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Agreed. I must say, you two have a talent for maintenance work. A bit shaky at points, but not bad for your first job...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, good eye! Paimon's the real deal when she deals for real, y'know!

Unknown Role (None): Really, I'd have liked to share the load, but you were really getting into it, and I didn't want to interrupt.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, couldn't you have mentioned that earlier?

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's get this all done in one go.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Apologies. If you wish to return to your room while the Banquet is on, please use the side door.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Weren't you in a hurry to go check stuff?

Unknown Role (None): Go on, now... No dawdling!

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Beep-boop-dee-deep!

Unknown Role (None): What does that mean? Does the book say anything about it?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, a pictorial prompt this time... Don't worry, Paimon's just about gotten the hang of which prompts are listed where.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, we gotta take note of the flashing patterns... "1 yellow flash, nothing for 2 seconds, then 2 yellow flashes" means... the components here are overdue for regular maintenance.

Unknown Role (None): "Maintenance is a high-priority task. The device will be rendered inoperable until it is complete. Switch Beep-Boopitta to Input Mode to send out a signal to unlock components."

Unknown Role (None): The description of Input Mode isn't on this page. Ugh, more page-flipping...

Unknown Role (None): After more page-flipping, then even more page-flipping, Paimon manages to adjust the little robot as instructed.

Unknown Role (None): Phew, that was a real struggle... Well, Paimon needs a break now.

Unknown Role (None): Good work, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Good work indeed. But it seems this Input Mode requires some additional work to operate.

Unknown Role (None): Allow me.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Checking snack stock... Lower than expected. Please explain, Aino.

Unknown Role (None): Later, later! Can't you see I'm busy... Y'know, saving the poor, anxious inhabitants of this town?

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we're all good. We can remove this thing now.

Unknown Role (None): What is it, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): No clue, frankly. But whatever — I got a feeling we've all given up trying to figure this cannon out.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go get the replacement component. We should be done once we pop it in here.

Unknown Role (None): What do you think? Maintenance work's easier than running errands, wouldn't you say?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that's for sure. We're counting on you, Sousi!

Unknown Role (None): Y'know what? Paimon took him for the stony type at first, but he's actually a pretty nice guy.

Unknown Role (None): Let's wait for him here, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Are your tasks complete?

Unknown Role (None): Yep. Sousi's gone to get the replacement component — we'll be done here once we put it on.

Unknown Role (None): Allow me to check against the recorded data... Yes. This component is approaching its replacement deadline.

Unknown Role (None): The cannon will generate immense recoil when fired. If this is not controlled, the firing platform will become misaligned. This part is designed to anchor the cannon and ensure accuracy when aiming.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. So if the cannon isn't fixed in place... will it start spinning around like some kind of massive firework?

Unknown Role (None): A novel analogy... but an apt one. The large-scale damage that might follow would be undesirable by anybody's standards.

Unknown Role (None): This component is currently easily damaged. The materials are not up to par, and there are still some design flaws. But Aino and I are working to improve it.

Unknown Role (None): Estimated waiting time remaining: 7 minutes. Would you like a krumkake?

Unknown Role (None): Yay! Dessert's just the best after a hard day's work!

Unknown Role (None): Certainly. It will be ready shortly.

Unknown Role (None): *ding*

Unknown Role (None): Observation: Freshly-baked krumkake results in the most efficient improvements upon human happiness indices. As such, I activated an internal heater before starting repairs.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, thanks for the treat! Aino's lucky to have you.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for the food.

Unknown Role (None): Sure enough, Sousi returns seven minutes later on the dot. You finish installing the spare part before returning to the control room.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks! Things went great over here too. So, as we agreed, I'll have the cannon up and firing in no time!

Unknown Role (None): Understood. I will inform the inhabitants of Nasha Town and have them make preparations for the shock and noise that will inevitably ensue.

Unknown Role (None): And I will inform the Ratniki stationed around Wild Hunt anomalies to make sure they fall back in a timely fashion.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your kind assistance. I'd better make a move — Ratniki from other sites should have sent reports back here, and I'll need to sort them out promptly.

Unknown Role (None): Righty then. Seeya!

Unknown Role (None): Bet this huge cannon's a real sight when it fires.

Unknown Role (None): That is correct. A huge crowd tends to gather on its own accord on such occasions.

Unknown Role (None): Pure, bright energy rays have never failed to inspire obsessed admirers. If you are interested, you can come back later to behold it in all of its glory.

Unknown Role (None): #Sure. We did help fix it, after all, Traveler. It'd be weird if we didn't want to see it in action.

Unknown Role (None): A reasonable thought. But before that...

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to investigate the Wild Hunt first.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah. Wonder where that strange phantom went, never mind what it's doing...

Unknown Role (None): Let's try our luck at The Flagship. See you later, guys!

Unknown Role (None): Heheh! Just be sure not to miss my masterpiece in action!

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Is it just Paimon, or are there more people here now? Just as well, since we're sniffing for intel and all...

Unknown Role (None): Might as well go in and ask around.

Unknown Role (None): And maybe — just maybe — let's get some of their Berries and Fried Meat too, huh? We still haven't had it yet!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, now you show your true motives.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, c'mon... Why so uptight?

Unknown Role (None): Excuse me, are you guests? Ah, if you wish to return to your room while the Banquet is on, please use the side door.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, no, we're not heading back to our room. Are we not allowed in here right now?

Unknown Role (None): That is correct. Only those invited to the Banquet may enter. Our goal is to ensure that our regulars can enjoy peace of mind and comfort, so that they can speak freely with one another.

Unknown Role (None): How does one get invited, then?

Unknown Role (None): Name your price.

Unknown Role (None): Haha. Familiar with our ways already, I see.

Unknown Role (None): But here in Nod-Krai, "channels" hold equal value to Mora. I am but a lowly employee, so you'll have to forgive my inability to help in this matter.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. Can't be easy being you.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Looks like we'll have to switch "channels," then...

Unknown Role (None): And I know just the person.

Unknown Role (None): Nefer, right? The Curatorium does seem to already have an amazing intel network up and running.

Unknown Role (None): B—But if we ask her straight up, she'll likely squeeze us for all we're worth...

Unknown Role (None): Good point.

Unknown Role (None): Let's not be quite so forward then.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon's got a plan! Lauma got Nefer to help her prep some medicine, right?

Unknown Role (None): We'll be heading to Hiisi Island later anyway to ask Lauma to help us use the Moon Marrow... Couldn't we deliver the medicine while we're at it?

Unknown Role (None): If Nefer doesn't mention a payment, we can cash our services in as a favor. If she does... then we can use it to haggle!

Unknown Role (None): A cunning plan if ever I heard one.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, the thought of Mora made it worth the effort of thinking up, hehe... C'mon, let's go!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Hey Black Cat, we're here— Oh, it's you this time.

Unknown Role (None): Hello, you two. What's up?

Unknown Role (None): Not much, just here to say hi! Also, we'll be going to Hiisi Island later... so we can deliver the medicine to Lauma for you, if you need?

Unknown Role (None): (How "thoughtful" of them... Bet they want something from me in return.)

Unknown Role (None): Well... The faster the delivery, the better, naturally. And we're lacking free hands right now, so that would be a great help.

Unknown Role (None): Jahoda's gone to get the medicine, and she should be back any moment now. If you have nothing else to do, feel free to wait here — I'll have someone bring you some snacks.

Unknown Role (None): Don't mind if we do, then. Thanks!

Unknown Role (None): You all seem busy. What's the occasion?

Unknown Role (None): Let me guess... the Wild Hunt?

Unknown Role (None): Oh yes, I'm sure you've all heard about what's going on. Nasha Town's in turmoil, and right now, everyone wants intel — whether it's to strike it rich, save their lives, or escape whatever predicament they've found themselves in.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you're busy making Mora. How nice...

Unknown Role (None): It's not all good news, I'm afraid. We're stretched so thin that our clients have taken to competing for our services via "auction."

Unknown Role (None): The price for taking priority slots has all but skyrocketed... In other words, we've had to suspend "free" intel handouts for now.

Unknown Role (None): (She...! Ugh, she cornered us right away. Did she guess what we really wanted from the start?)

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything we can do for you, then?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* If there's anything that worries me right now, it's the Wild Hunt. It affects everything we do, yet the number of people who can ensure "cargo safety" in the face of such a threat is vanishingly small.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? That doesn't sound too hard. If you need something delivered, hit us up and consider it sent!

Unknown Role (None): Is that so? But... Ah, no, no, forget I said anything. I mean, you're great heroes. How could I waste your precious time on trifles like these?

Unknown Role (None): As a matter of fact...

Unknown Role (None): There is something we'd like to know...

Unknown Role (None): Is there, now? You should've said so sooner! Far be it for me to extort you, of all people, for intel... But seeing as you so kindly made me an offer, I suppose I'll accept.

Unknown Role (None): (Agh! What's there left for us to say here...!?)

Unknown Role (None): On account of our previous cooperation?

Unknown Role (None): More like... our common perspective.

Unknown Role (None): Most who live here only wish to defend their own interests — but we are different, are we not? We both seek to resolve the chaos that the Wild Hunt has caused.

Unknown Role (None): (Hmph... More like "make a profit off the Wild Hunt"! Paimon doesn't believe a word she says!)

Unknown Role (None): Dissatisfied, are we?

Unknown Role (None): The number of commissions over at the Adventurers' Guild spikes during tumultuous times too. Would you call taking those jobs for Mora a sin?

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh... That's...

Unknown Role (None): We might squeeze some advantage out of chaos, but equally, chaos could uproot everything we've built at any time. Such is the threat of the Wild Hunt today.

Unknown Role (None): And what business would there be left, should it end in some great slaughter, or put to flight many who call Nasha Town their home?

Unknown Role (None): And as I understand, the two of you are here in Nod-Krai to follow a trail of clues yourselves, no?

Unknown Role (None): Well, yeah...

Unknown Role (None): In that case, we should keep Nod-Krai the "paradise" people say it is. At least, until our respective goals have been accomplished.

Unknown Role (None): You must understand. No force exists here that would inspire unconditional unity amongst all parties.

Unknown Role (None): I do get it...

Unknown Role (None): But I'm not doing this just for me.

Unknown Role (None): After that incident with Lauma, I'm inclined to believe you. Your selflessness is admirable, to be sure, and rare around these parts.

Unknown Role (None): (Though it's rare for a reason, kid...)

Unknown Role (None): Just a shame that our mysterious phantom has hidden itself well. Between that and its ability to shift shapes, it will no doubt be a most slippery customer.

Unknown Role (None): Really, I'd be all too glad to pass on any additional intel I gain. We make a good team after all, don't you think? You front and center, me behind the curtain.

Unknown Role (None): That... does make sense. Sorry, Nefer. Paimon took you for someone who only cares about profit.

Unknown Role (None): A well-placed "only" indeed, Paimon. Nothing is wholly divorced from profit of some kind.

Unknown Role (None): Wait. So you were ready to work with us from the start?

Unknown Role (None): Why, of course. In fact, I was wondering when I might bring this up the moment you entered.

Unknown Role (None): B—But...!

Unknown Role (None): Hey Boss, I'm back—! Huh? You guys are here too?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed they are. In fact, they've volunteered to deliver the medicine to Lauma on our behalf, and totally free of charge. Such kind souls, aren't they?

Unknown Role (None): Really? Great! In that case, guess I'll be clocking out now—

Unknown Role (None): Ah, ah, ah... Got a few more places for you to visit right here, dear.

Unknown Role (None): (Huh? Haven't I already worked a few days' worth of overtime already...? Eh, well, guess the extra Mora's pretty nice...)

Unknown Role (None): Well, we'd better get this medicine delivered, pronto.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a sec... Is this salt?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Surely not? The special medication from before wasn't salt, was it?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, that can't be! Let me see... Agh! This... This isn't right. How could it be salt!?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, it was raining back there, so... Could it have happened while I was resting in the store...!?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry! Sorry, Boss! I'll get it back right now. Trust me, I'm super fast!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, hey! Slow down, you might get hurt!

Unknown Role (None): Well, then. Any plans? If not, what say we go into town and ask around about the Wild Hunt?

Unknown Role (None): We were thinking of doing that, but we didn't get much out of it... The townspeople are a bit wary of us, and we can't get into The Flagship right now...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes. The Banquet is on today. Perfect timing — that's where we'll go.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Can you get us an invitation?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, come now. What are we, sticklers for the rules?

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Lady Nefer, a pleasure to see you. Oh? And our guests from earlier, I see.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. My apologies, consider it my fault for not having explained the Banquet's rules to them beforehand.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no, it was no trouble at all. Please, do come in.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Yeah, sure. Thanks.

Unknown Role (None): (Not even an invitation check? Paimon didn't realize Nefer was such a big shot... Guess "channels" really do take you places.)

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): After you enter, Nefer brings you and Paimon to a spot near the bar before walking into an inner room to talk business with The Flagship's manager.

Unknown Role (None): As you wait, you notice that everyone seems wary of the two of you, and the volume of the chatter lowers significantly.

Unknown Role (None): This stifling atmosphere persists until Nefer returns...

Unknown Role (None): Finally! Now, what do we—

Unknown Role (None): Pardon me. I'm sure we're all having a good time, but I would like you all to meet a mysterious guest I invited for just this occasion.

Unknown Role (None): I give you tonight's special guest, a renowned mixologist from Mondstadt!

Unknown Role (None): A—Are you serious!?

Unknown Role (None): Ladies and gentlemen, it is an honor.

Unknown Role (None): N—Nice to meet you all...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure that no more needs to be said about Mondstadt's wine industry — after all, we are all connoisseurs of fine drink here.

Unknown Role (None): The special drinks menu is being set before you as we speak. Now then, for a time, let us set aside our worries and enjoy these exotic spirits from afar.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I see. A new face for the bar.

Unknown Role (None): And here I was thinkin', "that ain't a familiar face." No wonder...

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's a rare occasion to be sure. Wanna order a glass or two?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, sounds intriguing...

Unknown Role (None): I spoke to the owner. The bar is all yours.

Unknown Role (None): The recipes are available for your perusal here. Not to worry, I've taken the liberty of removing the more... challenging options.

Unknown Role (None): I guess we'll just have to give this a shot.

Unknown Role (None): Previous experience coming in handy. Who'd have thought it...

Unknown Role (None): How'd you set this all up so quickly?

Unknown Role (None): Well, as long as you know what both sides need, negotiations are essentially just a process of confirming the deal. No one would turn a beneficial offer down now, would they?

Unknown Role (None): The Flagship already had plans to invite a professional mixologist from Mondstadt anyway — so consider this a trial run, with the list of drinks brought out in advance.

Unknown Role (None): Demyan will assist you. Serving guests with drinks will be the perfect opportunity for you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, every guest will have their quirks, so you'll have to be careful not to arouse their suspicions.

Unknown Role (None): Got it. We'll give it a try.

Unknown Role (None): In the meantime, I'll go mingle with some of the guests who... pique my interest. There'll be a little event during the Banquet's second half, by the way. See you then.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Hello. How may I assist?

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Make Drinks

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Leave

## Talk 18

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600721 could not be retrieved

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait. What are you angling for, exactly?

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Seems like they're all talking about the cannon already. Guess that's why Sousi was so anxious...

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600728 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600724 could not be retrieved

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Make Drinks

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so this order was yours, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. So, any notable news?

Unknown Role (None): Not for the moment.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you two must be Nefer's friends. A pleasure to meet you. If you've got a moment, let's have a drink — on my tab, of course.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't recall there being any other orders right now. Sure then, we can take a break.

Unknown Role (None): Haha. Then come, sit! Demyan, two Wildberry Trails, if you would — without alcohol. Much obliged!

Unknown Role (None): Hintsa's the name. I help out at the Rossum Workshop in town — they usually put me in charge of making and repairing simple machines.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's name is Paimon. Pleased to meet'cha!

Unknown Role (None): #I'm Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): They call me the Honorary Cocktail Knight.

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, I've heard. Lots of knights over there in Mondstadt. I imagine your title's an impressive one back home, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Um, w—we were just messing with you there...

Unknown Role (None): ...Anyway, help me keep an eye out, alright? Valuable intel will be suitably compensated.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, come on, is that how it is between us? I mean, I wouldn't even have this job if it hadn't been for your help back then.

Unknown Role (None): So you've known each other a long time?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I came to Nod-Krai with nothing at all. Would've starved on the streets if I hadn't met Nefer.

Unknown Role (None): She lent me money to study a craft, and even introduced me to Aino and the Voynich Guild, which is how I slowly carved out a living for myself.

Unknown Role (None): That's... Yeah, that's a huge favor.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so Nefer can be a nice person sometimes huh?

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Well, I'd also say she needed a willing and able machinist at her disposal.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, don't we already have Aino for that?

Unknown Role (None): Come now, Aino's talents are better spent on issues bigger than basic machine repair and component manufacture.

Unknown Role (None): I did think myself a dab hand at such work at first, but compared to her, I might as well be a trainee who couldn't weld a wire to save his life. Got the scoldings to show for it, too.

Unknown Role (None): It took me a long while, but I finally got to the point where I could make my own machines and even maintain some of Aino's relatively complex ones, like kuuvahki detectors or mechanical arms.

Unknown Role (None): He's the one responsible for maintaining Jahoda's robotic arm.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, speaking of that, didn't Sousi have a mechanical arm too?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, one of Aino's masterful designs. I could never design one of those in my life, but if you gave me its blueprint, I could hammer one out.

Unknown Role (None): Nowadays, I've got regular customers, which makes for a decent keep. Even got a kid, if you can believe it — I wouldn't have, had you told me my future when I first arrived here.

Unknown Role (None): On the flipside, being a family man means I can't just flee this place whenever I feel like it... so I'm afraid I'm counting on you to help solve this Wild Hunt crisis.

Unknown Role (None): All the more reason to be proactive and do your part. Wringing our hands in despair does us no good in times of crisis.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, wait. Just another question that's been bothering me. Have you heard anything about people seeing illusions within Wild Hunt anomalies? People they know, perhaps?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. I have heard of humanoid shapes being sighted, but familiar faces... No.

Unknown Role (None): Most would think they'd lost their wits from fright if they started hallucinating. After all, no ordinary person could survive an assault from those monsters.

Unknown Role (None): Does this have anything to do with our current Wild Hunt crisis?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps, perhaps not.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, alright, I get it. I'll keep my ear to the ground for you — and naturally, my lips will stay tightly sealed.

Unknown Role (None): Then we'll take our leave. Enjoy your drinks.

Unknown Role (None): He's a social man. You can often find him here chatting with friends, and he's had contact with all manner of clients.

Unknown Role (None): Since he's never heard of the Wild Hunt exhibiting the power to imitate familiar faces, might it be safe to assume that our phantom wants to keep that a secret?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, that does sound worth noting... How about we go talk to a few more people?

Unknown Role (None): A good idea, and one our upcoming activity will facilitate. Let me show you how it's done.

Unknown Role (None): Come, back to the bar.

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for waiting, everyone. The Roulette Showdown is ready to begin.

Unknown Role (None): Finally! Haha.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, let's go try our hand.

Unknown Role (None): #Joining us, new guy?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, we'll pass...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, no you won't. The one who'll be mixing the Roulette Special has to take part — those are the rules.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, but...

Unknown Role (None): (There's Nefer's hand-signal again. Let's go with it.)

Unknown Role (None): Sign me up.

Unknown Role (None): Haha! That's more like it!

Unknown Role (None): Since we have a new friend with us today, let me go over the rules in brief.

Unknown Role (None): The wheel before you is divided into an inner and outer circle. Participants must take turns to spin the pointer of the inner circle. Whatever beverage it stops at, our lucky contestant will drink.

Unknown Role (None): The drinks are divided into juice, tea, and alcohol, with that last further divided into three levels by intensity.

Unknown Role (None): Spin your way to a non-alcoholic beverage, and you'll score no points. Otherwise, you get 1 to 3 based on alcohol content.

Unknown Role (None): During a round of drinking, one participant may choose another with less points than them, and pose a question, which the other party must then answer.

Unknown Role (None): This sounds like it might favor those who score higher, but push your luck, and you might not recall any answers you were given the next day. Defeats the purpose, wouldn't you say?

Unknown Role (None): And that's why the person mixing the drinks has to take part. Y'know, just in case they decide to pour heavy, then sit back and watch the show.

Unknown Role (None): (Not that our newcomer looks like the drinking type. Either way, looks like we're in for a show.)

Unknown Role (None): Anything you drink will be replenished — and additionally, I have decided to sponsor a "grand prize" for this grand occasion...

Unknown Role (None): ...A single serving of "Dark Horse."

Unknown Role (None): What? Do my ears deceive me? A chance to drink "Dark Horse" in Nod-Krai?

Unknown Role (None): "Dark Horse," eh... Guess we'll have to take part now, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Indeed, the "Dark Horse" could be yours to enjoy, so long as your luck holds — and so long as you can remember its taste the day after.

Unknown Role (None): And if our lucky winner can drain the whole serving in one go, they will gain the right to ask everyone a question, regardless of their score.

Unknown Role (None): High-risk, high-reward... That's gotta be some strong alcohol.

Unknown Role (None): Now, if there are no other questions, let us begin. Allow me to get the ball rolling.

Unknown Role (None): Intensity 3? Looks like I'll have to put my back into it today.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, this is kinda intense...

Unknown Role (None): My turn, my turn! Alright, man, 'fess up. You've been making a killing lately — where's it all been coming from?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, bro, I heard you met up with some big shot from the Voynich Guild! Mind introducing me sometime?

Unknown Role (None): Tch... A normal drink, huh? Must be my lucky day.

Unknown Role (None): We've reached the final round of the Roulette Showdown. Let's see who gets the last laugh.

Unknown Role (None): Gotta shay, you Mondstadters really know your alrcohol... Those rrecipes are... superr good... teash me, would ya...

Unknown Role (None): Hahah, I wuz wantin' to ask 'bout yer waif... Err, your wife...

Unknown Role (None): (I've rolled non-alcoholic drinks without fail the last few rounds. This zero-point game is no accident...)

Unknown Role (None): (Similarly, Nefer's been maintaining an ever-so-slight lead, and has been using it to ask ever-so-slightly probing questions. That can't just be luck.)

Unknown Role (None): (I can tell that Dobrawa was lucky enough to survive stumbling into a Wild Hunt. But Nefer's turn is...)

Unknown Role (None): You're up.

Unknown Role (None): (...!)

Unknown Role (None): (...Ahhh. She left him to me.)

Unknown Role (None): Whooooa! Newface here just drew the "Dark Horse"!

Unknown Role (None): Bottoms up! Bottoms up!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #H—Hey. Will you be alright, Traveler? You wanna just give this one to Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): #Whoa, he actually downed it in one gulp!

Unknown Role (None): Nice job! No wonder you Mondstadters have such a reputation!

Unknown Role (None): What did you see while you were inside the Wild Hunt anomaly?

Unknown Role (None): Me? Well, what do you think? Monsters, of course!

Unknown Role (None): Only monsters?

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely. If there was something else, I didn't stop to see it. Just took off as fast as I could...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and guess who showed up just as I'd gotten out of there? Those good-for-nothin' Ratniki, that's who.

Unknown Role (None): If my luck had been just a little worse, they'd have found nothing but my corpse — or whatever was left of it, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): ...Either way, there's nothing in there you'd want to see.

Unknown Role (None): (Even those who have had a personal encounter with the Wild Hunt know nothing about the strange phantom we saw. It seems Nefer's judgment was on point.)

Unknown Role (None): I see some downcast faces. Why, have we all hit our limit?

Unknown Role (None): Says who? I'm still raring to go!

Unknown Role (None): Cuz you... din' drink... Dat mush...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, in that case, let me raise another glass — to a blast of a Showdown, and a wonderful evening.

## Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Are they playing cards? Paimon spies some Elemental Dice...

Unknown Role (None): Same as usual, then? One die, 100,000 Mora.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not here to do business with you...

Unknown Role (None): Come now, I've already ordered us drinks. Or are you looking to add another line to your ledger of arrears?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): O—Oh, so this is a business deal?

Unknown Role (None): So, let's go over this again. One die, 100,000 Mora.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, then we have a deal. Come, you two, take a seat as well.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* What are we even doing here?

Unknown Role (None): I can give you three things: The features of the Wild Hunt, the exact locations where it has appeared, and the intel we've received from the Lightkeepers.

Unknown Role (None): The Wild Hunt is in fact a phenomenon linked to Abyssal power. Fog and monsters follow in its wake, posing a lethal danger to ordinary people.

Unknown Role (None): On the flipside, these monsters cannot leave the fog, so the disaster cannot spread quickly—

Unknown Role (None): We already know all that.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Fair enough. Then I won't beat around the bush.

Unknown Role (None): Here's a map of current Wild Hunt anomalies that I snagged from the Lightkeepers, including the locations they'll soon be bombarding.

Unknown Role (None): That's... a lot.

Unknown Role (None): We've never seen anything like this either. That's why everyone's so worked up.

Unknown Role (None): That's not enough. Four dice.

Unknown Role (None): Cool it, alright? I'm not done...

Unknown Role (None): Now, the Lightkeepers don't want you to know this, but weirdly enough, more Wild Hunt sites have disappeared than their involvement would indicate.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that normal? They're not the only ones fighting the Wild Hunt, after all. Adventurers do that too... and maybe some just go poof by themselves?

Unknown Role (None): I'd agree. And really, we've always had a small, stable discrepancy between reported anti-Wild Hunt ops and anomalies cleared. That variance... has become a gulf lately.

Unknown Role (None): What could that even mean...

Unknown Role (None): I've got two theories. One, that some new force is clearing the Wild Hunt out in secret... or two, that some Ratniki are not reporting the work they do on purpose.

Unknown Role (None): The odds of the former happening is low. Not many organizations can even engage the Wild Hunt, never mind keep those operations a secret.

Unknown Role (None): If you're interested, I'd recommend following the latter train of thought.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, Paimon doesn't really get it... What would anyone gain from doing that?

Unknown Role (None): Let's just note it down first.

Unknown Role (None): Now that's what I call interesting intel. No wonder you've been doing well for yourself lately — even if you've mostly just been reselling my intel.

Unknown Role (None): Please... stop. This is all I've got for you.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, stop that. Why, people might start thinking me a bully.

Unknown Role (None): Let me give you an opportunity, instead — out of respect for your independent intelligence-gathering. An answer to a simple question, for 50,000 off your debt.

Unknown Role (None): Have you heard of people seeing familiar faces within a Wild Hunt anomaly, or experiencing something akin to, say, an illusion?

Unknown Role (None): No, nothing like that. Nothing at all but ghostly shadows...

Unknown Role (None): Nothing at all, hmm? Not even for 50,000 Mora? Either you don't take your debt seriously, or you're confident you can pay it off...

Unknown Role (None): H—Hey, no means no, alright? This is about my dignity as an intel broker — Mora doesn't factor in here at all.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, well that puts me at ease.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, you really are the same as ever...

Unknown Role (None): And you've learned quite well. Go on, then. I'll swing by again — sometime soon, perhaps.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): So... You're his creditor?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed I am. He's resold my intel quite a few times now, pocketing the difference afterwards. Rather dishonest dealing, if I may say so.

Unknown Role (None): As luck would have it, he would only purchase information from me when he was just about done negotiating with his buyer, so I arranged a little something just for him. A painful lesson, you might call it.

Unknown Role (None): Ergh, that sounds brutal...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I was downright beneficent in charging for that betrayal. It was more about the message, really.

Unknown Role (None): Good thing we're on the same team...

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I believe that's all we'll get here. Let's go through what we've learned outside.

## Talk 27

[Missing Talk]: Talk 600727 could not be retrieved

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Most of our intel seems quite dispersed, so let's try piecing it all together.

Unknown Role (None): Well... First, no one else has seen that weird phantom, apart from our encounter on Starsand Shoal.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. And we have that from multiple accounts, so each statement corroborates the others.

Unknown Role (None): What in Teyvat could that phantom be planning...?

Unknown Role (None): The Wild Hunt anomaly that occurred at Starsand Shoal seems quite unique.

Unknown Role (None): Agreed. Instances of the Wild Hunt afflicting Nod-Krai in general have increased in frequency, but the phenomenon itself hasn't changed much.

Unknown Role (None): What you encountered must have been something special, with our mastermind concealing themselves within... in order to target the Moon Marrow.

Unknown Role (None): In which case, two questions arise: Who is this mastermind? And why would they want the Moon Marrow?

Unknown Role (None): (Additionally, that intel broker mentioned that some Lightkeepers might be withholding information. Given the inconsistencies in Flins's words and deeds, he might be a likely suspect...)

Unknown Role (None): (But... let's not share that with Nefer for now.)

Unknown Role (None): I'll continue investigating along these two lines. We can reconvene again if any progress is m—

Unknown Role (None): I—I—I'm back!

Unknown Role (None): Luckily, the store owner kept the medicine bottle I left on the table safe for me. Here you go!

Unknown Role (None): Thanks a bunch, Jahoda! Take a break, you've earned it.

Unknown Role (None): Oh no, I've got work to do later, and anyway, isn't the cannon about to go off?

Unknown Role (None): I was watching it the whole way back, praying it wouldn't fire — not until I got back, y'know? Again, lucky me.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so you're interested in that big gun?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! I mean, just think about it. Something that size is bound to be comprised of thousands, even tens of thousands of parts, fused in such a way that it can operate smoothly and fire off a super-giant, super-strong beam!

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that just so cool— I mean, miraculous? Like, a miracle created through countless careful calculations?

Unknown Role (None): Mmm. It has been a while since the last time it fired. Go on, feel free to go watch. Work can wait — for a while.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, thanks, Boss! Anyway, y'all wanna come? It'll be worth the while and worth your wait, I swear!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, might as well. Fruits of our labor and everything, y'know?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): We're pretty much going that way, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Woohoo, let's go! Kaboom!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, what a crowd! People seem pretty excited, too. Just goes to show how big a deal this cannon is, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, for sure! One shot, one kill — problems solved! Simple and practical, just the way we like it.

Unknown Role (None): And even if that wasn't how it worked, just listen to how it roars! If that isn't "power," I don't know what is...

Unknown Role (None): If only I had that kinda strength...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, don't think like that! Your skills and smarts have been a big help to us too!

Unknown Role (None): (R—Really? They think that? Ohh... I'll do my best next time we work together, for sure!)

Unknown Role (None): Hey, look, it's starting!

Unknown Role (None): Whoo!

Unknown Role (None): Nice one!

Unknown Role (None): Finally, all fixed up. Nothing to fear now, hahaha!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, awesome. Felt that one in my bones!

Unknown Role (None): Whew... That sure was powerful... and pretty dazzling, too! Guess that's why everyone's been counting on this thing. Surely the Wild Hunt doesn't stand a chance!

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps we should use it more often.

Unknown Role (None): It would certainly save the Lightkeepers a whole lot of running around.

Unknown Role (None): Ahhh! I feel so... alive right now! Overtime? Hah. It's gonna be a piece of cake!

Unknown Role (None): Y'know, Paimon's been wondering... If you're so interested in machines, why don't you go work for Aino?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. That's what we call drawing a line between your work and your hobbies.

Unknown Role (None): I've got some mechanical talents, sure, but this job I have now? No one can do it but me — not even Aino or her silly robots!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, gotta go. Seeya later—!

Unknown Role (None): Says the person who got salt and medicine mixed up...

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Looks like the crowd's breaking up as well. Let's head over to Hiisi Island — best not keep Lauma waiting.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*

Unknown Role (None): Ah, guests invited by Nefer, then? Welcome to The Flagship.