(Quest is part of chapter: Interlude Chapter: Act IV Paralogism)

# Crimes One and Two

The Windblume Festival should be a joyous affair, but not all is as it seems in Mondstadt...


## Talk 1

(Go to Mondstadt)

Jean: The second trial is set to take place in two days. I hope you consider attending this one as well.
Paimon: Of course, we'll be there. In the meantime, we should all just... stay positive.
Jean: Well said. When the time comes, I'll carry out my duty to the best of my ability.
Jean: ...
Jean: Miles...

## Objective 2

(Go to Mondstadt)


## Talk 3

(Go to Mondstadt)

Katheryne: I'd be grateful if you could keep an eye on things during the festival.

## Objective 4

(Go to Mondstadt)


## Talk 5

Quinn: Beatrice... *sigh* What's going on with her...?

## Talk 6

(Talk to Katheryne)

Paimon: Wow, the city is all decked out! Aww, it's beautiful!
Paimon: Festival season means no commissions, which means no Mora... But, Katheryne's always looking out for us, so we should still drop by and say hello!
Traveler: Sure, let's go.
Katheryne: #Greetings Traveler, Paimon.
Paimon: Hey, Katheryne! Still doing the whole "no commissions during Windblume" thing?
Katheryne: In general, yes. The people of Mondstadt don't delegate their work to others this time of year. But...
Paimon: But?
Katheryne: Feel free to take a look around. I think you'll pick up on something unusual.
Paimon: Take a look around, huh...
Beatrice: ...*sigh*. It's finally Windblume, and here I am, ruining everything...
Quinn: You're a bit tired, no big deal. Give it some time. How about doing something fun tonight? We could take a stroll or go star-gazing?
Beatrice: Star-gazing? Like we'll find a spot... You know people start reserving places on Starsnatch Cliff the moment the sun goes down... *sigh* Sorry, I'm just... not in the mood. I should go.
Paimon: Whoa, something's off with Beatrice. She would never give up a chance to talk to Quinn. This is weird.
Quinn: Oh, you're leaving? I can walk you home...
Beatrice: No, it's okay... thank you. I just need some time to myself. Besides, there's still something... I need to do.
Beatrice: The truth is, Quinn... Not long ago, I...
Quinn: What is it? Is there something wrong?
Beatrice: ...Never mind. It's nothing. Actually, Quinn, I... I think we should stop seeing each other for now.
Quinn: Huh? Wait... are you saying we can't be friends anymore? I thought we were best friends!
Paimon: Did you see that? Beatrice ran off without looking back... We go adventuring in other nations for a bit, and one of Mondstadt's best love — er, friendship — stories is already over?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I can't believe it...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Maybe they're just working out the kinks...
Paimon: So, is this what you meant by "unusual," Katheryne?
Katheryne: This is just one example. Beatrice has been feeling down for days. But, that's not all.
Miles: Oh, it's the Honorary Knight and Paimon...
Paimon: Is something wrong? You don't look so good...
Miles: *sigh* I know, a Knight should be stronger than this. But, I haven't been feeling right lately. I—I just can't focus...
Miles: I started sleepwalking out of nowhere. Sometimes, I'd even wake up in the middle of the night standing in a random location outside.
Paimon: You should see a doctor!
Miles: I did! But, all the tests came back normal. The doctor said I'm fine.
Traveler: Strange...
Miles: Yeah... I even consulted Miss Barbara at the church, but her conclusion was the same. In any case, she was kind enough to pray to Lord Barbatos for me to get better.
Miles: ...Is it because I saw something I wasn't meant to see?
Miles: Ah, sorry. This is for me to figure out. It is Windblume, after all. Anyway, I have a patrol to finish. Until next time, you two.
Paimon: Huh, is it something in the air, maybe?
Donna: ...*sigh*.
Katheryne: It appears Miss Donna is also out of sorts...
Donna: *sigh* Where can I find a truly fascinating man...?
Paimon: Wait, but Donna is the one who has a huge crush on Diluc, right?
Katheryne: That's what I thought, too, but she seems to have changed her mind.
Donna: Hmm? Is that... Captain Kaeya?
Donna: Huh... Now I look at him, he's exactly my type. How come I never felt this way before?
Kaeya: I'm flattered, Miss Donna. Although, I do wonder whether that was intended for outside ears...
Donna: Oh, no. Of course not, I... I'm sorry, Captain. Just pretend I didn't say anything! And, um... Have a happy Windblume!
Kaeya: I intend to, my dear. But, first a question, if you don't mind. Why the sudden change of heart? I was under the impression Master Diluc was the object of your affections...
Paimon: (Good question, Kaeya!)
Donna: So, you knew about that... Well, Master Diluc came into the city not too long ago, but when I saw him, it was like... the butterflies just weren't there anymore.
Donna: If I had to compare it to something, it would be like... waking up and realizing you're married to a man you don't love.
Donna: But, then I saw you, and it wasn't that something was different about you. I can't really explain it. It was just... a feeling!
Kaeya: I understand, and I'm flattered I was able to bring back the butterflies. But, I do need to see to some business, so I'll take my leave.
Paimon: Oh! Here he comes. Hehe, well? Surprised to see us?
Kaeya: #Not at all. You are the exact two people I've been trying to find. So, Traveler, Paimon, how have you been?
Traveler: All good. How about yourself and the rest of the Knights of Favonius?
Kaeya: The answer to that... requires a private conversation. Katheryne, do you mind?
Katheryne: Not at all. Have fun, you three.
Paimon: So, you said you were looking for us?
Kaeya: Yes, Jean sent me to find you when she heard you were back in Mondstadt. But, let's discuss the finer details back at headquarters.

## Objective 7

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)


## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Wagner: So many people seem out of it lately.
Schulz: Really? It's been business as usual for me...

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Lawrence: Welcome to Mondstadt, traveler. How can I help you?

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Donna: Should I turn my attention to Captain Kaeya? *sigh*... But, it's not like Master Diluc did anything wrong...

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Marjorie: It's festival season again! I wonder what this year's Windblume is going to be.
Eury: I know! I can't wait to find out!

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Sara: Happy Windblume! What can I get for you?
Norma: Hm, let's see...

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Swan: Hi. Anything the Knights can do for you?

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Raymond: If you discover anything of concern, you can always report it to me.

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Athos: Welcome to the Knights of Favonius!

## Talk 8 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Porthos: ...Welcome!

## Objective 8

(Go to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)


## Talk 9 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Jean)

Eula: Ah, Kaeya. You found them.
Kaeya: Yep. I managed to track them down.
Eula: Good. With what's about to happen, it's great to have you in town.
Paimon: Whoa, headquarters are packed... What's going on?
Note: Honorary Knight, Paimon, it's an honor to meet you. I believe introductions are in order.
Kaeya: Allow me. You have Note, Captain of the 2nd Company. Skeiron, Captain of the 3rd Company. Eula, Captain of the 4th Company. And me, of course, Captain of the 9th Company.
Paimon: Whoa, you're all captains?
Skeiron: That's right. Master Jean is waiting for you inside. She'll explain everything.
Paimon: Jean!
Jean: #Traveler, Paimon, thank you for coming.
Traveler: Is everything alright? There are tons of people outside.
Jean: Ah, yes, that would be the captains. You know a few of them already, but I'm sure there are some new faces.
Jean: There have been a number of... incidents in Mondstadt. In order to wrap up the case, I gathered all the captains of the Knights of Favonius together to hold a trial.
Paimon: A trial? But, this is Mondstadt, not Fontaine...
Jean: I can understand the confusion. You've never participated in one of our trials before. In truth, we haven't had to conduct one in quite some time...
Jean: The Knights of Favonius oversee most matters of law and order in Mondstadt. Of course, in the interest of fairness, major cases are tried jointly with the Church.
Jean: Under the guidance of Barbatos, the Knights uphold chivalric justice in the spirit of our order, and the Church carries blessings and goodwill wherever the wind can reach.
Jean: And today's case... requires a joint trial by both parties.
Paimon: Which means it's a serious one. So, do you need our help?
Traveler: (Hold on. The group of people we saw in the corridor just now... There was someone missing...)
Traveler: Where's Albedo?
Paimon: Right! He's the Captain of the Investigation Team! But, we didn't see him out there.
Jean: #...A keen observation, Traveler.
Jean: That happens to be exactly why I called you here.
Jean: In the upcoming trial against Captain Albedo, we will do our utmost to understand the facts of this case and deliver a fair and impartial verdict.
Paimon: Albedo is the one on trial!? What did he do?
Traveler: ...
Kaeya: Jean, it's time.
Jean: #Understood. Traveler, Paimon, come with me.

## Talk 9 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Jean)

Miles: Don't worry. I'll find a way and work things out.

## Objective 9

(Talk to Jean)


## Talk 10

(Go to the courtroom)

Jean: Please, sit wherever you like. I only ask that you remain calm, no matter what you hear. I need to head over there.
Jean: Don't worry. The trial will be fair.
Jean: ...Now that everyone is gathered, let us begin.
Jean: With Grand Master Varka away from Mondstadt for the time being, I, Jean Gunnhildr, will oversee today's proceedings.
Jean: Mr. Dahlia, Deacon of the Church of Favonius, will serve as assessor. As representatives of our respective organizations, we will ensure a just verdict in this case.
Paimon: Oh, that's a new face. Deacon of the Church... Does that mean he works with Barbara and Rosaria?
Jean: The defendant in today's case is the Captain of the Investigation Team, Albedo.
Traveler: (Albedo... What did you do?)
Jean: Certain aspects of this case are classified, and it remains uncertain whether the alleged victims are citizens of Mondstadt. As such, this trial is not open to the public.
Traveler: (The identities of the victims are still unknown? Strange.)
Jean: If guilt is established in this case, all facts will be made public after the final verdict is delivered.
Jean: Now, the Captain of the Logistics Company, Miss Hertha, will present the charges. The court appoints Mr. Kaeya to speak on Mr. Albedo's behalf. Are both parties ready to proceed?
Kaeya: Yes.
Hertha: Ready to proceed.
Jean: Miss Hertha, the floor is yours.
Hertha: Prior to this trial, the Knights of Favonius, in conjunction with the Church, launched an investigation into Mr. Albedo for suspected murder and unlawful disposal of human remains.
Paimon: Murder!?
Albedo: ...
Hertha: A witness stated that, eleven days ago in the middle of the night, she saw the defendant southeast of the city gates, dragging a large object she later identified as a human body.
Paimon: No... There's no way...
Hertha: We now call that witness to the stand. Beatrice, please tell us what you saw.
Traveler: (Beatrice... So, is that what she was trying to tell Quinn earlier?)
Beatrice: Well, I was out late that night on business. And, when I came back, I saw someone in the moonlight that looked like Mr. Albedo. He... He was dragging a huge bag of some kind.
Beatrice: I thought it was strange, so I followed him. Then, there was a sudden flash of golden light. The bag opened, and inside there was... there was a body.
Beatrice: Mr. Albedo's Vision allows him to manipulate the ground with ease. So, he buried it and then removed any traces on the ground.
Beatrice: Before he left, it seemed like he looked in my direction. Maybe it was just my imagination, but I was terrified, thinking he might kill me too... Luckily, he didn't see me.
Jean: I now turn to the defendant. Describe your whereabouts that night.
Albedo: I was working in my office on the second floor of the Knights of Favonius headquarters.
Kaeya: That's right. The next day, the defendant submitted his latest environmental report on the Dragonspine region. Considering the length of the text, it must have taken a considerable amount of time to finish.
Hertha: Can anyone attest to the fact that the defendant was working in his office that night?
Kaeya: No.
Hertha: Then, the length of the report is not a sufficient alibi.
Dahlia: This isn't looking good.
Kaeya: If the crime did occur as you described, then what about the body? You mentioned the joint investigation. Well, was the body recovered?
Hertha: ...Not yet.
Kaeya: In other words, you dug up the location Miss Beatrice described and found nothing. You don't find that suspicious?
Beatrice: I know what I saw!
Beatrice: I'm telling the truth, Miss Hertha, I swear! Also, didn't you say that speaking out would help protect the people of Mondstadt? Otherwise, I... I'd never put myself out here like this...
Hertha: You're doing the right thing. Besides, the investigation wasn't fruitless. A single men's shoe and a torn piece of fabric were found in the bushes near the crime scene.
Hertha: The same location the witness described. If no crime occurred, then is all this just a coincidence?
Kaeya: And, yet, no victim has been identified, correct?
Hertha: It's true, no one has been reported missing. However, Miss Beatrice harbors no ill will toward the defendant. Her testimony clearly points to a crime, and she has no reason to lie.
Jean: Does the defendant wish to say anything in response?
Albedo: You may believe otherwise, Miss Hertha, but I did not kill a single person.
Albedo: As a Knight and the Captain of the Investigation Team, I have a duty to protect Mondstadt and its people. You accuse me of murder, but there's no body... or motive.
Hertha: The defendant raises an important point — motive. Yet, I must be frank... not all murders are premeditated. Spontaneous conflict can also have unforeseen consequences.
Hertha: Nevertheless, I don't intend to prosecute this case on circumstantial evidence alone. Which brings me to the second charge against Mr. Albedo.
Paimon: Second charge!?
Jean: Please proceed.
Hertha: Seven days ago, at dawn, a witness saw the defendant dispose of the body of an adult male in the area between Dragonspine and Dawn Winery.
Hertha: I now call the second witness to the stand.
Paimon: Wait! That's...
Jean: ...Diluc Ragnvindr.
Kaeya: Please tell the court what you saw.
Diluc: At around 3:40 in the morning, I saw Mr. Albedo dispose of a body beneath a cliff. It was dark, but he used the power of Geo to illuminate his surroundings.
Diluc: From what I could tell, it looked like the body of an adult male — tall and thin, but I couldn't make out the age. He buried the body underneath the cliff and smoothed out the ground to remove any traces.
Hertha: We now have accounts from two separate witnesses that describe the same modus operandi. Would you call that a coincidence?
Kaeya: I would only inquire as to what Mr. Diluc was doing in that area so early in the morning. Not the most opportune time for a stroll...
Diluc: Is there such a thing? Dawn Winery is my home. It's not unusual for me to take walks in the area.
Diluc: I just happened to be in the right place at the right time... that's all.
Kaeya: Master Diluc is a well-respected figure in Mondstadt. I see no reason for him to frame Mr. Albedo. Yet, the question remains... Where are the bodies?
Hertha: Before you suggest a lack of evidence, Mr. Kaeya, you should know — after the defendant left that morning, the witness found this where the body was buried.
Kaeya: And this is...
Diluc: What looks like the teeth and femur of a human. Now, it does beg the question... If the burial was fresh, why is this all that remains of the body? But, I suppose Mr. Albedo is the only one who can answer that.
Kaeya: ...Careful now, Master Diluc. I do believe I hear a presumption of guilt in there somewhere.
Hertha: These remains suggest an accelerated rate of decomposition. Considering the defendant's profession, there's reason to suspect that alchemy is at play here.
Hertha: Both witnesses saw golden light — a known by-product of alchemy. That's how the defendant destroyed the bodies. The light also explains how the witnesses were able to get a clear view of the events in the dark.
Albedo: So, that's your angle... Alchemy.
Kaeya: A logical assessment, but we have a witness of our own. The afternoon before the alleged second murder, Mr. Albedo had a lengthy intellectual exchange with his student, Sucrose. The two were in the library until the next morning.
Jean: Why did the discussion last so long?
Kaeya: Miss Sucrose was presenting the results of her research. She noticed some flaws in the data, and insisted on reviewing her calculations until the next morning, with Mr. Albedo present.
Sucrose: That's right! We were in the library together!
Hertha: You're certain Mr. Albedo was present the whole time?
Sucrose: Yes! And, I... I know Mr. Albedo would never kill someone! He could never be that cruel!
Hertha: Nevertheless, the other witnesses have no reason to lie. Tell me, Miss Sucrose — that meeting in the library... Were you awake the whole time? Sounds like a considerable duration to go without sleep...
Sucrose: Oh, um... I...
Hertha: I do hope you can be truthful with us — it concerns the safety of countless Mondstadt citizens. A crime like this cannot go unpunished.
Sucrose: I... I...
Albedo: I'll take it from here... During our meeting, Sucrose did fall asleep not long after midnight.
Albedo: It's alright, Sucrose. You don't have to lie for me. This is a sacred place of judgment — the truth is paramount.
Sucrose: Mr. Albedo...
Jean: I see. Then, I'm afraid your alibi cannot be substantiated. Do you understand?
Albedo: Yes. I know claiming innocence without proof isn't enough.
Albedo: But, the prosecution's argument has its own holes. There's been no mention of a motive, or what exact method could reduce a human body to those remains.
Dahlia: Hm, no conclusive evidence of guilt, but the witness accounts do match to an extent that can't be dismissed... This is a tricky one.
Hertha: Allow me to submit another piece of evidence. The investigators intercepted one of Mr. Albedo's correspondences. I will now read the pertinent parts to the court.
Albedo: A correspondence...
Sucrose: (Oh, no... That envelope does look like it belongs to Mr. Albedo...)
Hertha: "I have never abandoned the subject of human research. In fact, delving deeper into Dragonspine has led me to realize that the concept of 'life' could be further expanded and transformed into that of 'birth.'"
Hertha: "The mystery of human birth is often linked to death. As such, death is the most suitable material for the creation of new life. To that end, we must engage in a process of putrefaction and refinement."
Jean: Putrefaction ... and refinement...
Dahlia: ...Is that in reference to an alchemical process?
Hertha: The letter continues, "Experimental trials have been carried out in the northwestern part of Dragonspine and the area southeast of Mondstadt's main gate. The data is as expected."
Hertha: "Just as you endeavored to do, I, too, shall take up the path of creation and break through current limitations to reach a new realm of 'living beings'."
Jean: ...
Jean: I trust the investigators have confirmed this to be the defendant's handwriting, and that the letter makes more than passing mention of "putrefaction" and "refinement."
Hertha: Correct. Not to mention, the locations indicated in the letter match both crime scenes. What more can we trust than the defendant's own words?
Kaeya: ...
Paimon: No... It can't be true...
Sucrose: I... I can't believe it...
Dahlia: A guilty verdict cannot be delivered without sufficient evidence. In order to protect all parties involved, that is what our principles demand. My original assessment was that we lacked said evidence.
Dahlia: But, now, it seems the only remaining questions are the identities of the victims and the specific alchemical process used in this case.
Albedo: Hah.
Jean: ...Then, we are in agreement.
Jean: ...
Jean: The evidence is conclusive. On the charges of murder and unlawful disposal of human remains, the court finds the defendant... guilty.
Black Screen Text: The people in attendance appear shocked. No one can believe a kind and well-mannered person like Albedo could commit such a crime.
Black Screen Text: Jean stipulates that those unsatisfied with the verdict will have time to submit an objection or appeal. But, most appear hopeless in this moment.
Black Screen Text: As you watch Albedo being taken back to headquarters, you get a strange feeling that something hidden is about to come to light...
Black Screen Text: It all comes back to the letter... a secret that you and Albedo know all too well, but the people of Mondstadt have yet to discover.
Paimon: Why would Albedo do something like that? This has to be a nightmare...
Traveler: (Albedo told me his secret once — that he was a synthetic human created through alchemy. Could that have something to do with this case?)
Traveler: (But, what? Following in Rhinedottir's footsteps just because he's an alchemical creation? That would only make him more suspicious...)
Rosaria: Well, this took a turn for the worse.
Paimon: Rosaria! When did you get here?
Rosaria: I've been here the whole time. I happen to have a message to pass along.
Traveler: For us?
Rosaria: Yes. You're needed at Starsnatch Cliff. He's waiting for you there.
Paimon: Who is "he"?
Rosaria: You'll know when you get there. Go on, now. Time is like the wind — it waits for no one.

## Talk 11

(Go to Starsnatch Cliff)

Venti: #Ah, Traveler, Paimon. I could hear your arrival upon the wind. Were you looking for me?
Paimon: Venti! Did you send us that message?
Dahlia: No, I did.
Paimon: Whoa, where did you come from? Wait, Venti, do you know this guy? His name is... Um... what is his name again?
Dahlia: Didn't think I was that unmemorable... I'm Dahlia, Deacon of the Church of Favonius and Herald of the Anemo Archon, Barbatos. Not gonna forget next time, right?
Traveler: So, you called us here so we could meet with Venti?
Dahlia: That's right. I noticed you during the trial... the legendary Honorary Knight. You seemed to have a lot of thoughts on your mind, so I thought we should have a chat.
Dahlia: After all, I AM the Herald of Barbatos... If the people of Mondstadt are in danger, I should keep the Anemo Archon in the loop.
Paimon: Wait, then... You know about...
Dahlia: Hahaha... About what? The fact that my tavern-hopping, nomad of a friend is Barbatos himself?
Venti: Don't worry — Dahlia and I are close. He knows everything.
Venti: Besides, a god needs someone to communicate their will in a formal setting, and no one does that better than Dahlia.
Dahlia: Not that I saw that coming when we first met... But, back to the matter at hand. I believe you two already know about Albedo's background.
Traveler: If you mean his true identity, then yeah, we do.
Paimon: So, you know, too, Venti? That's surprisingly Archon-like of you...
Venti: Ah, well, I knew from the moment Rhinedottir and Alice brought Albedo to Mondstadt. When those two are in town, no one can afford to slack off.
Venti: The Kreideprinz, a perfect specimen of synthetic life... At this stage of the case, there are countless questions surrounding Albedo's motive. His true identity is a potential weakness.
Dahlia: A synthetic being loses control of their sanity and goes on a killing spree... That's how a novel would frame the story, and people are inclined to agree.
Paimon: Albedo has told us before that humans often value the "ordinary" over the "transcendent" and "miraculous."
Dahlia: And the slightest "difference" is perceived as "other" — a very common phenomenon.
Venti: Which means, we need to find a way to help your friend.
Traveler: What do you know about the situation, Venti?
Venti: Me? Well, I know that Albedo is a synthetic being, and that a lot of strange things have been happening in Mondstadt, even though Windblume should be about drinking and having fun.
Paimon: We noticed that, too! The minute we got here, something was off.
Black Screen Text: You share your observations with Venti and Dahlia...
Dahlia: I've picked up on most of those, too. Miles is out of sorts, Beatrice seems anxious... Although, I didn't know Donna stopped being interested in Master Diluc.
Venti: "When no love remains for the songs to tell, the world becomes naught but an empty shell. Cruel is said fate, cruel it may be, were it not for a hero who could set us all free..."
Paimon: What are you getting at, Tone-Deaf Bard?
Venti: Oh, just making a comment. There are always unavoidable trials in life. At least, that's what Barbatos would say.
Venti: A certain someone is going to need to overcome a trial like that. In such cases, even The Seven know better than to tamper with fate.
Venti: *sigh* If only there was a brave soul willing to aid their friend in his time of need? Should he meet a terrible fate, all of Mondstadt could be worse for it.
Paimon: If you wanted our help, you could've just asked, y'know...
Venti: Haha, well, even if Albedo wasn't at the center of this case, protecting Mondstadt is part of being an Honorary Knight, right?
Venti: You'll still have help, of course, which is why I prepared a little surprise, hehe... Behold!
Paimon: A bomb!?
Paimon: Eek! Paimon remembers that Jumpy Dumpty!
Venti: Don't worry — I removed the fuse, so it's not going to explode. Say hello to the Dodocommunication Device.
Paimon: So, this thing belongs to you now?
Venti: Hehe, we're old pals. Don't think she'd care if I borrowed it for a few days.
Venti: Anyway, this invention, with a little help from a trick of mine, will allow us to keep in touch. Just take it out, and we can chat.
Traveler: We'll do our best to uncover the truth.
Venti: That's all I ask. No matter what comes, you have the wind on your side.

## Talk 13 (alternative/additional)

(Return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Wyratt: This office is now off limits. You need Master Jean's permission to enter.

## Talk 13 (alternative/additional)

(Return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Dahlia: I suppose we're old pals, too, at this point.
Venti: Indeed. Your companionship is like a breeze that lingers in the air, warm and familiar.
Dahlia: In all this time, I've never witnessed Lord Barbatos approach anything in a serious manner. Perhaps, this time, I'm in for something special...
Venti: Barbatos, serious? Haha, you give him too much credit.
Dahlia: Hardly. It's not blind faith, you know. I've always had unwavering belief in the Anemo Archon.
Venti: Is that so? I wonder what Barbatos thinks about that... You should pray to him and find out.
Dahlia: Good idea! I'll tell him I still haven't deciphered his drunken musings from our three trips to the tavern last month. His wisdom is sure to reveal itself in time...
Venti: Oh, um... You know what? Forget about Barbatos, Dahlia. Treat me to a drink instead! You wouldn't refuse me, would you?
Dahlia: A dear friend like you? Never.

## Talk 13

(Return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Jean: I know you all must be shocked, but the evidence is solid. Albedo's situation... is not looking good.
Skeiron: I still don't believe Albedo would do something like that... Using living people as alchemical test subjects? It's like something out of a novel!
Eula: Perhaps it's best for me to remain impartial, but I've worked with Albedo before... He's an alchemist, not a sadist.
Jean: This version of events is as hard for me to accept as anyone. But... Varka once said Albedo is very different from the rest of us. Perhaps there are things we still need to learn about him...
Jean: Let's see what Albedo has to say for himself first. Would you mind giving me a moment, everyone? A private matter requires my attention.
Paimon: Hey, Jean!
Jean: #Traveler, Paimon, perfect timing. Kaeya has a favor to ask.
Kaeya: Like Jean said after the verdict, we have time to submit an appeal, and I will do my utmost to convince Albedo to accept.
Kaeya: He's been acting strange, and I can't read him for the life of me... But, I need you two to start investigating the case.
Traveler: Investigate the case?
Kaeya: Yes, it's also time for you to get involved.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Do you want us to join the joint investigation?
        Kaeya: No — we'd like you to launch an investigation of your own. I'll continue working on his defense in the meantime. If you find anything that might help his case, just let me know.
    Option 2:
        Paimon: Um, are you sure? We're just adventurers, after all...
        Jean: As well as honorary members of the Knights of Favonius and Albedo's friends... Kaeya and I already have an official involvement in this case — we need a pair of fresh eyes.
Jean: I know it's against the spirit of the season to task you with this... But, Albedo is a trusted member of our ranks. We owe him the benefit of the doubt.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Understood.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I'll look into the case on my own.
Jean: #I know you'll get to the bottom of this, Traveler. You've never failed us in our time of need.
Paimon: But, what if the accusations turn out to be true?
Jean: Then, you will have done Mondstadt a great service all the same.
Jean: I'm expecting a retrial. Until then, you're welcome to have a look around Albedo's office on the second floor. I'm counting on you.

## Talk 14

(Go to Albedo's office)

Wyratt: Wait, Captain Kaeya! Surely, I can't just—
Kaeya: These two are here on Jean's orders. She asked them to investigate Albedo's office.
Wyratt: Oh, in that case... Head on in!
Paimon: So, this is Albedo's office... Pretty much exactly how Paimon pictured it.
Kaeya: Alright, I have some work of my own, so I'll leave you to it. Good luck, you two.
Paimon: Right back at you!

## Objective 15

(Investigate Albedo's desk)


## Talk 16

(Talk to Venti)

Venti (Dodocommunication Device): Dodo! Dodo! Dodoco!
Paimon: Oh, Venti's calling! Let's answer!
Venti: How's the investigation going? Find anything?
Paimon: We found stuff alright... Stuff that only makes Albedo look even more suspicious.
Venti: I see... So, Albedo's researching something that doesn't help his case, huh...
Black Screen Text: You share what you learned with Venti...
Venti: Not promising... We should be grateful Albedo's true identity remains hidden. If it gets out that he's one of Rhinedottir's creations... there'd be no separating him from her past.
Venti: As we both know, Rhinedottir's approach to alchemy and ethics was pure madness, and the evidence you just found... Let's just say it could convince even those closest to him of his guilt. Perhaps, even you...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I don't think the handwriting was faked...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: And the notes also sounded like him.
Venti: Then, it comes down to trust... Do you trust Albedo?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I don't know, but I want to.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Absolutely I do.
Paimon: Yeah! He's our friend! We should keep the faith!
Paimon: And, if he really is the culprit, he must have had a reason, right?
Paimon: Maybe he's just not allowed to talk about it... Yeah, that must be it!
Venti: ...
Venti: Either way, a fair investigation means coming to a conclusion presented by the facts.
Traveler: (Does that mean even Venti no longer believes in him?)
Venti: Remaining objective has its own value. Remember — none of this is your fault. Just report back with an honest assessment of the facts.
Paimon: Yeah...
Paimon: Well, let's go find Jean and tell her what we learned.
Paimon: Wait, that's... Miles! What's he doing here?
Miles: Oh, ahem, sorry! I heard voices and wasn't sure if I should check who was inside...
Paimon: It's okay — we're here on Jean's orders.
Miles: Ah, I see. I'll leave you to it, then.
Paimon: Hold on, you didn't hear what we were saying, did you?
Miles: Oh, uh... Not really. Nothing that made sense, anyway...
Paimon: Well, do us a favor, and just forget anything you might've heard, okay?
Miles: Oh, sure. You got it.

## Talk 17 (alternative/additional)

(Go to the location marked out on the map)

Jean: Thank you for agreeing to investigate. We're counting on you.

## Talk 17

(Go to the location marked out on the map)

Carefully examine the ground: Although everything is covered in snow, as a seasoned adventurer, you notice a spot on the ground that looks quite different from its surroundings.
Carefully examine the ground: You remove the snow and find a sizeable hole underneath, large enough to fit a human body.
Carefully examine the ground: But, the hole is completely empty, and the surrounding markings make it look like something was dug up.
Traveler: (...Did an animal do this? Or some monster?)
Paimon: Weird... There's a hole but no body...
Paimon: The prosecution's argument is that Albedo used alchemy to destroy the bodies, but this location is different from the other two.
Paimon: Why not fill the hole or smooth out the ground like the other places?
Traveler: (If one person did all this... why not remove the traces like the others? And if Albedo isn't the one responsible, why was this location marked in his notes?)

## Talk 18 (alternative/additional)

(Return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Paimon: Alright, let's see what we can find.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Investigate the test tube.
        Traveler (Investigate the Test Tube): There's a test tube on the shelf with some black powder residue at the bottom.
        Traveler (Investigate the Test Tube): Next to it lies a neatly written note:
        Traveler (Investigate the Test Tube): "'Chalk' is the next stage after 'soil,' but the current available materials are still insufficient to construct a stable structure."
        Paimon: Nope, no idea what that means... Not sure if it's too hard for Paimon, or too hard for anyone outside this line of work...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Investigate the book
        Traveler (Investigate the Book): There's a stack of books on the desk, mostly relating to alchemy, environmental science, and life science.
        Traveler (Investigate the Book): Some of the pages have been marked with alchemical symbols, and others have s-shaped or triangular symbols drawn on them. Any potential meaning is unclear.
        Paimon: Wow, these books are so... fancy. Albedo must have gone to great lengths to get them...
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Investigate underneath the book.
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Book): After moving the book, the desk looks almost empty.
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Book): Your hand slipped while moving the book, causing the hardcover book to strike the desk. The resulting noise is a bit unusual.
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Book): It's subtle, but to an experienced adventurer, it sounds too hollow. Almost like... there's a compartment within the desk.
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Investigate the lock box on the desk
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): A lock box sits on the desk. The latch bears signs of wear, suggesting the importance of whatever lies within — the box likely remained locked most of the time.
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): But, now, the lid remains wide open, as if the owner was forced to leave in a hurry and didn't have time to lock it.
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): Perhaps the letter intercepted by the investigators was once stored here. The remaining contents shouldn't hold much weight as conclusive evidence, but you still get a strange feeling after reviewing them.
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): In elegant penmanship, the letter reads, "...In addition, I do happen to have some information on the subject of our last discussion — the materials and arcane formation required for human transmutation."
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): "The formations in these records likely originate from the Khaenri'ahn art of Khemia. But, relevant documentation has not been well-maintained over time, so I cannot guarantee there are no errors or omissions. As thanks for your past assistance, I've enclosed the records with this letter."
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): "But, that does not mean I support your pursuit of this research. Ethics aside, I'm not convinced it's even possible to create a 'human' whose existence is identical to our own."
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): "The idea that the dynamic of creator and creation could exist within the same species is cause for concern. Even with a talent like yours, I must urge you to proceed with caution."
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): The signature belongs to an unfamiliar name, one that also appears on an alchemy book nearby. You skim the preface and learn that the author is an old and accomplished alchemist.
        Traveler (Investigate the Lock Box on the Desk): The person is likely a friend from Albedo's academic circle — someone who owed Albedo a favor, but also urged him to refrain from conducting dangerous research.
        Paimon: Human transmutation? Is Albedo seriously looking into that?
        Paimon: Ugh... Paimon doesn't want to think about that...
        Traveler: (It doesn't look good, but this letter can't directly prove that Albedo did anything.)
        Traveler: (Besides, a technique like that must be too dangerous to share with the public, right? That's why it wasn't brought up during the trial.)
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Investigate the research notes
        Traveler (Investigate the Research Notes on the Desk): Albedo's notes lie on the table. They resemble the ones you've seen before, but the contents are different this time.
        Traveler (Investigate the Research Notes on the Desk): As always, the penmanship is impeccable, careful and neat with a certain elegance in its uniformity — much like the man himself.
        Traveler (Investigate the Research Notes on the Desk): One of the notes reads, "Putrefaction should be regarded as a counter-simulation to the process of life — like a highly efficient and destructive spell of rot."
        Traveler (Investigate the Research Notes on the Desk): "Upon use, the target will decay within an extremely short period of time, turning into dust that is nearly invisible to the naked eye before dissipating into the air."
    Option 6:
        Traveler: Investigate underneath the desk
        Paimon: Wait, it looks like there's a hidden compartment under the desk!
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Desk): There does appear to be a compartment added to one side of the desk. It was very well-hidden.
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Desk): The lock mechanism is complex and seems to involve elemental power in some way. Perhaps you could try using the power of Geo...
        Traveler (Investigate Underneath the Desk): The hidden compartment opens. Inside lies a piece of paper with more information.
    Option 7:
        Traveler: Investigate the paper
        Traveler (Investigate the Paper): "Festering is also a manifestation of rot."
        Traveler (Investigate the Paper): "When festering forces and a sufficient amount of life energy collide, the two will repel each other, triggering a powerful side effect. When I tested this in an alchemical experiment, the results of the refinement were startling."
        Traveler (Investigate the Paper): "Breaking through the shackles of life, the simulation of the ■■■■ Project... I must take advantage of this opportunity."
        Paimon: The name of the project is blotted out in ink... What could it be?
        Traveler: (The note mentioned "festering forces," which suggests that Dragonspine could be involved somehow.)
        Traveler: (If this has something to do with creating synthetic life... Would Albedo go that far for one of his experiments? No, that can't be!)
        Traveler (Investigate the Paper): Amid the notes is a map with a few markings on it. Two of the marked locations correspond to the crime scenes, and the third appears to be in Dragonspine.
        Traveler (Investigate the Paper): It's a hard pill to swallow, but if the results of the joint investigation are correct, there could be a body hidden in that last location... Or, at the very least, what remains of one.
        Paimon: Huh, what does this mean? Do you think something might also be buried at the last location?
Paimon: Alright, that seems to be it for this place.
Paimon: We should go tell Jean what we found.

## Talk 18

(Return to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters)

Jean: You're back. Did you find anything?
Paimon: Yeah, but... none of it helps Albedo's case.
Black Screen Text: You tell Jean about your findings from Albedo's office...
Jean: I see...
Jean: A complicated result, but your efforts are appreciated.
Traveler: Did Albedo submit an appeal?
Jean: Yes, he asked for a retrial.
Jean: There are still questions surrounding the identities of the victims and the disappearance of the bodies...
Jean: The minimal remains that were uncovered have been sent for forensic analysis, which should provide some answers. It's just...
Paimon: What's wrong?
Jean: ...
Jean: If the victims turn out to be Mondstadt citizens, the situation becomes all the more serious. The second trial would likely have to be opened to the public.
Jean: And I doubt public sentiment will be in Albedo's favor.
Paimon: Yeah, not when the charges are so serious... *sigh*...
Jean: The second trial is set to take place in two days. I hope you consider attending this one as well.
Paimon: Of course, we'll be there. In the meantime, we should all just... stay positive.
Jean: Well said. When the time comes, I'll carry out my duty to the best of my ability.
Jean: ...
Jean: Miles...

## Objective 19

(Wait until two days later)


## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Jean)

Jean: Ah, you two. Let me know if you're ready, and we'll head out.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Ready.
        Jean: Alright, follow me.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I have something to take care of first.
        Jean: Of course. Let me know when you're done.

## Talk 20 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Jean)

Wyratt: Since you have Master Jean's permission, you're free to investigate the office any time!

## Objective 20

(Talk to Jean)


## Talk 21 (alternative/additional)

(Attend Albedo's trial)

Jean: Ladies and gentlemen, we now convene for the second trial against Mr. Albedo. I, Jean Gunnhildr, will once again oversee the proceedings.
Jean: Representatives on both sides remain unchanged, and Mr. Dahlia will continue to serve as assessor.
Jean: Miss Hertha represents the prosecution, and Mr. Kaeya speaks on behalf of the defense.
Jean: The defendant in this case is Mr. Albedo, Captain of the Investigation Team. With that, I now bring this trial to order.
Jean: Miss Hertha, have the investigators made any new discoveries?
Hertha: Yes. We sent the teeth and the femur bone found at the scene to the Church's medical office and were able to conclude that these are, in fact, human remains.
Hertha: In addition, the investigators were able to identify several Mondstadt citizens who appear to have been missing for quite some time.
Hertha: Forensic analysis of the remains allowed us to pinpoint the age and gender of the deceased. Interestingly, one of the missing individuals matches that profile to a tee.
Hertha: The medical office couldn't spare the personnel, so Miss Rosaria is here to present the results to the court.
Rosaria: Hanselmann, male, forty-six years old. Marital status — single. Occupation — hunter. Consistent with the conclusion in the last trial, his disappearance went unreported, likely due to his lack of relatives.
Rosaria: In addition, medical records show that he sustained a mechanism-related injury to his leg three years ago. The damage on the femur bone Mr. Diluc found is consistent with such an injury.
Rosaria: Therefore, we can conclude that one of the victims in this case is Hanselmann. A specialized technique was likely used to accelerate the rate of decomposition.
Hertha: Is it reasonable to assume this technique to be alchemical in nature?
Rosaria: Alchemical or magical... Both are possible.
Hertha: Thank you for your testimony.
Dahlia: The identity of one of the victims is now confirmed. But, what about the defendant's motive?
Hertha: Considering what he wrote in the letter, we can deduce that the defendant needed subjects for an alchemy experiment — who better than individuals whose disappearance would go unnoticed?
Hertha: In other words, he sacrificed the good people of Mondstadt for his own gain... A truly vile act.
Albedo: ...Hmph.
Hertha: In addition, another witness has agreed to testify. Miss Donna, if you would...
Kaeya: ...Not good.
Paimon: Wait, Donna from the flower shop?
Donna: I... I'm sorry it took me so long to come forward, but the night Master Diluc saw Mr. Albedo, I... was there too.
Donna: I was camping with a friend, and we decided to stop near Dragonspine. I couldn't really get comfortable that night, so around dawn, I decided to go for a walk, and that's when I saw Master Diluc.
Donna: I... thought it might be nice to, y'know, chat, so I headed in his direction, and then I saw it... Someone at the bottom of the cliff was getting rid of a body.
Donna: I was terrified the person might see me. Even after I fled, I couldn't shake that fear, and I... started to wish I never had a crush on Master Diluc in the first place.
Donna: If I hadn't wanted to talk to him, I would never have been in that situation...
Donna: I didn't want to come forward because I was scared. But, Miss Hertha convinced me it was the right thing to do. I... I'm sorry it took so long.
Kaeya: I see...
Diluc: Just stepping forward was brave enough, Miss Donna.
Donna: ...!
Jean: The court thanks you for your courage and commitment to justice.
Donna: Ah... yes! Thank you.
Dahlia: The two witnesses corroborate the same sequence of events. That just leaves the question of how the defendant disposed of the bodies.
Hertha: I believe the answer lies in the alchemical technique mentioned in the letter. The defendant is the most accomplished alchemist in Mondstadt — he has the skill, no question.
Jean: A special investigator also uncovered some relevant evidence on that subject. I will now present it to the court.
Paimon: Wait, does she mean...?
Traveler: (The evidence we found in Albedo's office...)
Jean: The following are pieces of evidence uncovered in Mr. Albedo's office. The most important of which... is this map.
[Missing Dialog 6001339]

Jean: This map was found with the defendant's notes. The markings correspond with the description in the letter and the locations of the crime scenes.
Kaeya: Does this map belong to you?
Albedo: ...
Albedo: Yes.
Jean: Were you the one who marked these locations?
Albedo: Yes.
Kaeya: You do realize that's basically an admission of guilt, don't you? The evidence against you is nearly insurmountable.
Sucrose: No...
Albedo: Since you uncovered that compartment, I might as well expound on the matter.
Hertha: We have witnesses and physical evidence, what could you possibly say in your defense?
Albedo: What I always have. I never killed a single person.
Hertha: Ugh, you have some nerve, saying that when the evidence is stacked against you.
Albedo: Miss Hertha, you've presented a meticulous and convincing case, I'll give you that. But, I will not admit to something I didn't do.
Hertha: So, what? You're just going to bombard the court with excuses?
Albedo: That's a rather dismissive way to refer to an innocent man speaking in his own defense. Besides, I'm not making excuses — I'm exercising patience.
Hertha: That won't make the charges against you disappear, Mr. Albedo.
Albedo: Perhaps not, but patience comes with its own reward. It's easy for things to remain buried in snow... until someone comes along and brushes it away.
Traveler: (Albedo seems serious, but unfazed. Does that mean he really didn't do anything untoward?)
Traveler: (He mentioned, "brushing off the snow"... Is that supposed to be a hint?)
Albedo: #Traveler, you were the one who uncovered this map, right? Then, I'm assuming you've visited the third location as well.
Traveler: Yes.
Jean: Can you tell us what you found?
Black Screen Text: You nod your head and give an honest account of the scene you found on Dragonspine.
Black Screen Text: Whatever was kept in the hole was gone, and the surrounding area bore the markings of an unknown creature. With everything covered in snow, no one knew there was something to discover in the first place.
Hertha: Then, there must also have been a body!
[Missing Dialog 6001365]

Traveler: (If it was a hint, then it must have something to do with Dragonspine. Which reminds me, one of the locations marked on the map we found was in Dragonspine, wasn't it...)
Kaeya: I see...
Diluc: Just stepping forward was brave enough, Miss Donna.
Donna: ...!
Jean: The court thanks you for your courage and commitment to justice.
Donna: Ah... yes! Thank you.
Dahlia: The two witnesses corroborate the same sequence of events. That just leaves the question of how the defendant disposed of the bodies.
Hertha: I believe the answer lies in the alchemical technique mentioned in the letter. The defendant is the most accomplished alchemist in Mondstadt — he has the skill, no question.
Jean: A special investigator also uncovered some relevant evidence on that subject. I will now present it to the court.
Paimon: Wait, does she mean...?
Traveler: (The evidence we found in Albedo's office...)
Jean: The following are pieces of evidence uncovered in Mr. Albedo's office. The most important of which... is this map.
[Missing Dialog 6001339]

Traveler: (I need to think about this. What clues am I missing...)

## Talk 21

(Attend Albedo's trial)

Traveler: (I'm guessing Albedo has a plan. So, I should help him out.)
Traveler: (But, what does he want me to do? Announce a break in the case? No... I should play it safe.)
Traveler: (Since I made an honest assessment of the facts, I should be honest about my doubts, too. It's only fair...)
Traveler: (Besides, I think I understand what Albedo was trying to tell me just now.)
Traveler: I'd like to address the court, if I may... I was the one who investigated the office, and I believe the results raise a few questions.
Traveler: Regarding the two cases addressed in the previous trial, it was established that, after disposing of the bodies, the defendant used alchemy to restore the ground to its original state.
Traveler: But, that wasn't the case at the third location. The hole was still there, with dirt scattered around the perimeter — it looked more like something had been dug up.
Traveler: If this was all done by one person... Why wasn't the third scene given the same treatment as the others? Why weren't the traces removed?
Traveler: In addition, the markings around the third location weren't fresh, which suggests that the Dragonspine incident happened at a different time.
Traveler: For those reasons, I believe there's still reasonable doubt in this case, and I hope the verdict reflects that. Thank you.
Albedo: #Astute as ever, Traveler.
Hertha: Questions there may be, but allow me to point out... There is no evidence to suggest that anyone besides the defendant knew about the third location, and the map was found in his notes.
Hertha: That fact alone makes him the most plausible suspect. Unless Mr. Albedo suddenly plans to deny that the map belongs to him?
Albedo: #Allow me to respond to Traveler's point.
Albedo: If all I cared about was proving my innocence, I would indeed do as you described, Miss Hertha, and deny any connection to that map.
Albedo: But, that is not what I intend to do... The map does belong to me, and I did hide things at those three locations.
Paimon: What!?
Albedo: There were indeed bodies at each location, and I did kill and bury someone on Dragonspine.
Hertha: Hah, so you admit it! Let the record reflect that the defendant has confessed to his crimes!
Albedo: You're mistaken, Miss Hertha. The story doesn't end there.
Albedo: Some time ago, I encountered an uninvited guest on Dragonspine, someone who wanted to take advantage of the deserted nature of the region to eliminate me in secret.
Albedo: His desire to kill me led to an altercation where I killed him instead... and buried the body on the mountain — the third location marked on the map.
Eula: #Actually, Traveler, Amber, Bennett, and I were with Albedo that day.
Eula: The Adventurers' Guild was holding an event on Dragonspine. After it ended, we all left the area.
Eula: If the person Albedo is referring to is different from the one we encountered on the mountain, then... the altercation must have occurred after we left.
Hertha: This only proves that the defendant is guilty on all counts! Those innocent people... Their blood is on your hands!
Albedo: No, you're wrong.
Hertha: You deny it? After admitting to murder for the whole court to hear? You've clearly lost your mind!
Albedo: If you would let me finish, Miss Hertha... I could get to the important part.
Albedo: The man who attacked me on Dragonspine was my height, with blond hair and blue eyes, dressed in clothes nearly identical to mine...
Kaeya: So, someone who happens to look exactly like you?
Sucrose: Exactly like him...?
Traveler: (So, I was right! It does come back to what happened back then!)
Donna: It's one thing to look similar. But, for the clothes to be the same...?
Beatrice: What's going on...? I don't wanna be here anymore...
Hertha: Regardless, the important thing is that you admit to killing someone on Dragonspine.
Albedo: Yes, I killed someone that day... someone who looked nearly identical to me.
Albedo: But, I never said that someone was a "person."
Diluc: I see. Then, it appears I need to withdraw my testimony.
Hertha: What!?
Note: Everyone! I brought her!
Hertha: Wait, you—
Paimon: Uhh... The person who just came in... Isn't that Hertha?
Sucrose: Wh—What's going on?
Hertha (Hertha...?): Who are you? Wh—Why do you wear my face?
Hertha (???): Hello to you, too.
Albedo: As you can see, this is Hertha, the Logistics Captain of the Knights of Favonius.
Hertha (Hertha...?): I see what's going on here... It's all been leading up to this, hasn't it? Your confession... It was all an elaborate stunt to set me up!
Hertha (Hertha...?): You want to undermine my credibility? Fine! It doesn't eliminate the mountain of evidence stacked against you! All I want is justice for the people of Mondstadt!
Jean: Order in the court!
Albedo: I've been stationed on Dragonspine all these years because that is where the subject of my research lies — the dragon, Durin.
Albedo: Several hundred years ago, the Dragon of the East, Dvalin, defeated Durin in battle and, with help from Barbatos, sealed his remains on Dragonspine.
Albedo: Durin was created through alchemy — one of the finest specimens of artificial life. As such, death was not a true end for him. His heart still beats and grows more revitalized by the day.
Albedo: My imposter on Dragonspine was a failed specimen abandoned in Durin's stomach, an unsuccessful iteration of the Homunculus Project.
Beatrice: Homunculus!?
Hertha (Hertha...?): Are you trying to insinuate that I'm some kind of... homunculus? Because it looks to me like the artificial one is standing right there, some kind of imposter you dragged in from Dragonspine!
Hertha (???): Haha, so this is what I look like when I fly off the handle...
Hertha (???): Y'know, they say imitation is the best form of flattery, but your impersonation has overstayed its welcome.
Hertha (Hertha...?): Master Jean, what are you waiting for? We've known each other for so long. You recognize the real me, don't you?
Jean: The two of you look identical, but judging based on demeanor...
Jean: The new arrival actually seems more like the Hertha I know.
Hertha (Hertha...?): That means nothing! By that logic, I could just as easily accuse the Albedo in this room of being an imposter!
Hertha (Hertha...?): How do we know he isn't the fake one? A cold-blooded killer who replaced the real Albedo long ago!
Hertha (???): Then, how about something only the real Hertha would know? The longest scar on my body... The Knights who fought alongside me that day should remember where it is.
Hertha (Hertha...?): ...!
Eula: I remember. Let's hear your answer.
Hertha (???): I'd like to hear Miles answer first.
Miles: Huh? Oh, um...
Hertha (???): You don't know? Or, you don't remember? I heard you've been acting strange these days — disoriented, confused...
Hertha (???): You were closer to me than anyone during that battle, and yet you don't remember a thing... Strange indeed.
Miles: No! I... Argh! My head... It hurts...
Hertha (???): The scar is right here.
Albedo: Why the nerves? I can't imagine this comes as a surprise.
Albedo: Unless your informant in the Knights of Favonius failed to mention the scar on Hertha's left arm...
Hertha (???): Albedo has done a lot of research into beings like you. If you deny it, then show us your arm.
Hertha (Hertha...?): ...
Albedo: No need to panic. You can just add it now. You excel at changing your appearance, don't you? Or, I should say, all spawn of Durin's life force have that ability.
Albedo: A powerful life force, an appearance you can change at will... Yet, here you stand, formless one, paralyzed to act... Because you're worried using that power could affect your accomplices...
Sucrose: Accomplices... Then, Miles must be one of them!
Albedo: There are others, too. Most of the beings under the influence of Durin's life force have gathered here. And, yet, their presence is what impedes her from taking action.
Albedo: Once you attempt to transform, all who surround you will be affected by your power. You can't control it, because in this network of living beings, you serve as the core.
Hertha (???): Show us your arm!
Hertha (Hertha...?): ...Ugh... Have it your way!
Beatrice: Whoa!
Miles: Come on, let's go!
Paimon: Hey, they're shielding the imposter!
Jean: She's trying to get away. Stop her! Don't let anyone stand in your way!
Note: There are others trying to get in! Must be more people under her control!
Kaeya: Time to get moving, everyone!
Paimon: Whoa! She just leaped across the room!
Note: After her!
Albedo: It's time.
Jean: All units move out! 3rd Company, keep on the imposter's tail!
Note: Roger that! We'll follow the plan!
Albedo: We finally have a chance to talk. But, before I explain the events of the past few days, I'd like to make a few things clear.
Albedo: First, I never killed any of my fellow citizens, and I never used human remains as part of an alchemical experiment.
Albedo: Second, the events of the past few days were all part of a plan. Most of the members of our order were in on it. As for the witnesses, Master Diluc picked up on the situation long before today's proceedings.
Traveler: Wow, that's quite an... involved plan.
Albedo: Indeed. Follow me.

## Talk 22

Traveler: Goodbye.
Lawrence: Goodbye, traveler. Hope you have a good time in Mondstadt.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Traveler: Tell me about Mondstadt.
Lawrence: Known as both "The Crown of the North" and "The City of Pastoral Song," there are no words that can truly describe the beauty of this city.
Lawrence: A new bard arrived in the city not long ago. You should seek him out if you want to feel the true essence of Mondstadt.
Lawrence: But the songs he plays are... a bit archaic?
Lawrence: ...Those songs date back thousands of years. No clue as to how he knows them...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Are there any legends about Mondstadt?
        Lawrence: You've come to the right person.
        Lawrence: It's said in Mondstadt, a righteous hero often appears at night.
        Lawrence: But no one knows his true identity...
        Lawrence: I should stop there, or else I'll keep talking about him. If the Acting Grand Master catches me chatting on duty again...
        Lawrence: Sorry, guess I'll talk to you next time.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Are there any anecdotes about Mondstadt?
        Lawrence: Anecdotes...? Not sure if this counts as one.
        Lawrence: When I'm on my shift here, I'll sometimes notice the weather change very suddenly.
        Lawrence: Um... Rather than a natural phenomenon, it feels more like someone is manipulating the weather. But who has that much power to do that?
        Lawrence: Even the higher-ranking knights in the Knights of Favonius don't seem to have the ability to do that. How strange.

### Additional Talk 2

Traveler: Who are you?
Swan: I'm Swan. I mostly perform sentry duty.
Swan: I also provide any necessary assistance to our business visitors in accordance with the Knights of Favonius Handbook.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Knights of Favonius Handbook?
        Swan: Yes. The Knights of Favonius Handbook is our instructional guide, and also the cornerstone of peace and prosperity in Mondstadt...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Is there anywhere good to go in Mondstadt?
        Swan: ...
        Traveler: ...
        Swan: ...
        Swan: ...
        Swan: ...Sorry, I can't find anything at all about that in the Knights of Favonius Handbook...

### Additional Talk 3

Traveler: Goodbye.
Swan: Bye-bye!
Swan: May Barbatos and his gentle wind protect you!

### Additional Talk 4

Traveler: Is there anything worth visiting in Mondstadt?
Raymond: If it's your first time here, I recommend visiting the Mondstadt Cathedral.
Raymond: If you're tired, go have some of Mondstadt's famous wine at a tavern called "Angel's Share."

### Additional Talk 5

Traveler: Goodbye.
Raymond: Goodbye, traveler.
Raymond: May the Anemo Archon protect you.

### Additional Talk 6

Traveler: What is this place?
Athos: This is the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
Athos: Here you can find the Grand Master's office, the Library, and all manner of other facilities.
Athos: As much as I would love to give you the grand tour, I'm afraid I have to stay at my post.

### Additional Talk 7

Traveler: Goodbye.
Athos: I hope you find what you need here.

### Additional Talk 8

Traveler: What is this place?
Porthos: The Knights of Favonius Headquarters... You don't look like a troublemaker, so you can go in.

### Additional Talk 9

Traveler: Goodbye.
Porthos: Best wishes to you.