(Quest is part of chapter: Unknown Chapter 1038)

# Echoes of Fate


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Lord Sangemah Bay. How lovely to see you.

Unknown Role (None): I must thank you for the device you provided, it was an enormous help. Would I be right in thinking that it was developed by the Akademiya?

Unknown Role (None): Why come and ask me when you clearly know already?

Unknown Role (None): I mostly came to thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, that's more like it. A little gratitude goes a long way with Lord Sangemah Bay... Play your cards right, and you might even stand a chance of becoming my long-term supplier.

Unknown Role (None): The chance to work with such a kind and charitable investor as yourself would be a great honor for the Curatorium.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Charitable? Who said anything about charity? First I'm hearing about it.

Unknown Role (None): Let's see... The first plot of land you purchased in Nod-Krai, your desert interests, and—

Unknown Role (None): Pshh, tshhh, stop! What do you think you're doing, exposing my investment history!?

Unknown Role (None): It's nothing to hide from. They're all perfectly legitimate investments. And some of the land you purchased was with the intent of building a sanctuary... Yes, I heard about that too.

Unknown Role (None): How... How did you...

Unknown Role (None): You're a curious case, Lord Sangemah Bay. You don't like people finding out about your good deeds, do you?

Unknown Role (None): But I'm afraid no matter how hard you try to keep things under wraps, where there's a will, there's a way.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): You did it for Sumeru, didn't you?

Unknown Role (None): It was empty land that was gonna go to waste otherwise. I figured if I built something there, it might at least get some use in an emergency.

Unknown Role (None): Disasters are capricious things. They strike without any warning. I've lost family to a disaster before, and I don't want to lose any friends or business partners if I can help it.

Unknown Role (None): My elder sister used to dream of finding a sanctuary. Somewhere with plenty of food, water, and medicine, where everyone could live happy lives.

Unknown Role (None): It was something I looked into. But after discussing things with the Dendro Archon, I decided on a more effective strategy.

Unknown Role (None): The tech people handled the tech, and moneybags provided the Mora. It just made the most sense.

Unknown Role (None): It's a pity that so few people know the truth about you. Everyone says that you view everything in terms of Mora, and all you care about is growing your own wealth.

Unknown Role (None): So? What's the problem with that? Everyone wants to be rich — it's human nature. So yes, I love Mora, and it's nothing to be ashamed of.

Unknown Role (None): But surely you have dreams of your own beyond just making Mora?

Unknown Role (None): You don't get it, do you? My dream is to invest in other people's dreams. And, y'know make a nice little slice for myself along the way.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, just thinking about it makes me happy... that sweet, sweet sound of Mora...

Unknown Role (None): ...Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): For the device?

Unknown Role (None): And the pendant.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that... I was just returning a favor. Don't worry about it.

Unknown Role (None): Seems like we've both been away from home for a very long time.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... so long that I barely remember what my family even look like.

Unknown Role (None): That would be your mother, father, and sister...?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, though it's been years since my sister passed away.

Unknown Role (None): It's not like I want to forget them, obviously. But memory can be even more ruthless than the most calculating businessperson. Beyond a certain point, if something isn't helping you, it just gets rid of it.

Unknown Role (None): My sister can't help me now. Slowly but surely, her face is fading from my mind's eye. It's become a vague impression.

Unknown Role (None): Not everything will fade. When loved ones pass away, the beautiful memories are the ones that last the longest.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's true. If you ask me, that's the one silver lining in all of it.

Unknown Role (None): Well that, plus... I'm sure that life is much better now than it was back then?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, absolutely. I have tons of Mora, a big, beautiful house, business is booming, and I'm as happy as can be!

Unknown Role (None): You've got a lot going for you, too. Boss of the Curatorium of Secrets? I'm sure there's plenty of Mora to be made in that line of work!

Unknown Role (None): I appreciate the vote of confidence.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): It's nearly showtime... Let's go rendezvous with the others. You know the place!

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Something on your mind?

Unknown Role (None): Miss... Columbina, was it? I believe that's how the others addressed you.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Names are funny things... Have you always been called Dainsleif?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... I take it your own name has a more complicated history?

Unknown Role (None): I have a different relationship with names than other people. To be honest, I'm not even sure that "Columbina" is my name... at least, not in the same way that "Dainsleif" is yours.

Unknown Role (None): But it's what everyone calls me, and I go along with it. A lot of my life has been that way... I get so used to things that I forget to question why they are so.

Unknown Role (None): I never used to think much about where names come from, or what they mean to people... Maybe something's wrong with me.

Unknown Role (None): You're different from other people. I sensed it the first time we met.

Unknown Role (None): You're more perceptive than most. I'm sure your long life and rich range of experience explains that.

Unknown Role (None): Do you ever find yourself missing Khaenri'ah, Mr. Dainsleif?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Difficult to answer. I have dreamed of the past many, many times. Sometimes I'm fighting tooth and nail, other times I'm lying on the ground, defeated.

Unknown Role (None): I don't recall any happy moments from that time. It has been too long.

Unknown Role (None): Is that because hatred survives longer than love and affection?

Unknown Role (None): That would not be for me to say. I make no excuses for the grudges I bear. But whatever the reason, I remember little that was beautiful or sentimental.

Unknown Role (None): ...Thank you for your help with the Rerir situation. Without your efforts, I never could have learned the hidden truth of his story.

Unknown Role (None): You're welcome. I know he's your friend.

Unknown Role (None): Friend? Huh...

Unknown Role (None): He betrayed me... and I never really understood what he was going through in life... Some friendship that is.

Unknown Role (None): Okay. So, do you plan to fight him with us?

Unknown Role (None): I...

Unknown Role (None): You see? You're torn. Now you know what really happened, you see the things he's done in a new light.

Unknown Role (None): I need some time.

Unknown Role (None): Of course — I completely understand. Anyone else in your position would feel conflicted too.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, I went through something similar myself recently. Something happened that changed my perspective on a situation. A situation I took for granted at the time, but now I feel very grateful for it.

Unknown Role (None): You mean the Harbingers who still support you, even though you've left the Fatui.

Unknown Role (None): Yes.

Unknown Role (None): I always thought they were only helping me because Harbingers are forced to work together. But then I abandoned them. A warrant was even put out for my arrest...

Unknown Role (None): Yet even now, they support me. Which means, I was wrong about them all along.

Unknown Role (None): Clearly, they view you as a friend.

Unknown Role (None): I feel a little guilty now. I regret not seeing their help for what it was... and not treasuring it.

Unknown Role (None): I see the guilt that you're feeling now, because I feel it too. Hopefully, talking about it will do us both some good.

Unknown Role (None): #...Have you noticed that Traveler and Paimon are over there? I think they've been listening.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Shall we say hello?

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): Hello.

Unknown Role (None): Aah! They caught us!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry... We were just concerned about you...

Unknown Role (None): I apologize for making you worry.

Unknown Role (None): No doubt you wish to know where I stand on the plan to take down Rer... the Rächer of Solnari. I'm afraid I need a little time. But I will seriously consider joining you.

Unknown Role (None): You will? Thank you so much! Everyone will be so grateful to hear that.

Unknown Role (None): They needn't be. This was something that I was going to have to face up to eventually.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't matter to them. They're grateful to you regardless.

Unknown Role (None): You can't control their gratitude, so just accept it. And then, have a think about whether you're willing to join us.

Unknown Role (None): ...

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Nefer! Your eyes are bleeding!

Unknown Role (None): Hah. Soon, you will be powerless to resist.

Unknown Role (None): And then, I will reduce you to dust.

Unknown Role (None): But that dust will plague your memories.

Unknown Role (None): (Come on, keep holding on...)

Unknown Role (None): Any other tricks up your sleeve? Let's see them.

Unknown Role (None): As entertaining as they are... You've backed yourself into a corner.

Unknown Role (None): You don't fool me. I see your fear, clear as day.

Unknown Role (None): (I have to stoke his rage! Make him unleash everything!)

Unknown Role (None): You fear what you could never defeat. You fear the thought of never being able to save your beloved.

Unknown Role (None): You cannot win the fight against fate, Rerir.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Is that what you think?

Unknown Role (None): Well, now it's your turn to feel afraid.

Unknown Role (None): The only way to defeat Rerir is to borrow his own power.

Unknown Role (None): That means Columbina will have to disappear while you two bear the brunt of his attacks.

Unknown Role (None): You have to hold on. Find a way to keep him focused on killing the two of you.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Dori! How are things going, feeling ready?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I was born ready. We only have two days — you think Lord Sangemah Bay would let an opportunity like this slip by?

Unknown Role (None): Don't forget, when something's in high demand, the people with the goods on hand get to charge the highest price of all! Even higher than the sellers taking advance orders.

Unknown Role (None): Ta-da! See, it's right here.

Unknown Role (None): That's so pretty! Did you make it?

Unknown Role (None): I had no idea you were so skilled with your hands!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, no, I have a supplier. We go way back, so he made me a very attractive offer.

Unknown Role (None): Aha! No wonder you were talking about lucky charms at the meeting... You've been getting Kaveh to make them for ya!

Unknown Role (None): Ehh, that's not the full story. It actually started a while back as a project between me and the Dendro Archon.

Unknown Role (None): Mage Alice once warned me that this world won't stay safe forever. There may come a day when everyone faces a great crisis.

Unknown Role (None): I passed this onto the Dendro Archon, and she secretly brought together a research team made up of Sumeru's top scholars to invent a technology that could keep people safe. I won't go into the details, because it's all very complicated — but if you wanna know more, you can ask the Dendro Archon about it some time.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, point being, it was the Dendro Archon who asked Kaveh to build this little contraption. As one of the top Kshahrewar talents, he was the obvious choice.

Unknown Role (None): Took him long enough. He stressed over it for ages. Must have gone through at least a dozen designs before producing a final product... *sigh* But that's Kaveh for you.

Unknown Role (None): Mehrak delivered it to me a couple of days ago, along with a letter from Kaveh... "Could I ask why I'm sending this technology to you? What's your proposed use case? Has it been approved by the relevant authorities?"

Unknown Role (None): So nosy! Ugh, my fault for sending him the research permit to begin with!

Unknown Role (None): Surely, Nahida must've told him you were involved in this project? He was probably just nervous 'cause you're always so secretive about your business.

Unknown Role (None): Could be, could be. Anyway, I just replied: "Let's hope there never has to be a use case, because it would involve grave danger."

Unknown Role (None): Fair enough. But it sounds like he was just being cautious. He probably felt responsible as the one who made it.

Unknown Role (None): Or maybe he was asking as a favor for his housemate — he's done that before. Not sure why though. His housemate doesn't seem to really care that much about this kind of stuff.

Unknown Role (None): Either way, all's well that ends well. I'm just glad to finally have my hands on the product. I wouldn't want to be without it given the potential dangers that lie ahead.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh? What does that look mean?

Unknown Role (None): Uhh, Paimon's just... super surprised! This must be the first time we've ever seen you actually get serious about something...

Unknown Role (None): This is not the Lord Sangemah Bay we're used to...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Well, a long time ago I made a promise to myself: I promised that I was gonna live every day of my life with a big beaming smile. Obviously, Mora plays a biiiig part in that... Ahem, buuut...

Unknown Role (None): There are always gonna be times in life when you have to give something back. That could mean paying back a debt, returning a favor, or showing some kindness.

Unknown Role (None): Alice has been a huge help to me over the years. She was the first investor I ever had, and I want my investors to know that Lord Sangemah Bay is the best in the business.

Unknown Role (None): And more than that, no one knows what the future will bring. Whatever happens, I want to make sure the Dendro Archon and all of Sumeru is prepared to face whatever comes.

Unknown Role (None): So, back to the pendant...

Unknown Role (None): ...You never intended to ask for it back, did you?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that? I was just making sure Nefer and I are square.

Unknown Role (None): Don't be thinking it was some sort of benevolent act. I'm no saint, so don't treat me like something I'm not.

Unknown Role (None): My priority is doing the business that I wanna do. So long as my conscience lets me, but... it usually does. That's the Lord Sangemah Bay business model.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, if you say so.

Unknown Role (None): I do say so, and that's the whole point. I'm a businesswoman. Don't go trying to figure out what kind of person I am, you'll exhaust yourself! Muuuch easier for everyone involved if you just take my word for it~

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and could you two help me get this stuff where it needs to be? Thanks so much! You're my favorite assistants.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon. Good to see you.

Unknown Role (None): Everything going smoothly over here?

Unknown Role (None): ...Sort of. As you're probably aware, Varka, Durin, and I captured some Abyssal creatures from the Wild Hunt.

Unknown Role (None): Per the plan, we dissected and analyzed some samples of these creatures. The process went very smoothly... The findings, however, come with some troubling implications.

Unknown Role (None): What!? You can actually dissect the Wild Hunt?

Unknown Role (None): That depends on your definition of "Wild Hunt" and "dissection."

Unknown Role (None): Harmless... lifeless... These words are accurate descriptions.

Unknown Role (None): The Wild Hunt is an interesting phenomenon. In and of itself, it doesn't seem to possess anything akin to a human personality. But taken as a collective, the medium through which the Wild Hunt is summoned does appear to have a soul.

Unknown Role (None): Master griped a lot about "The Wise" Hroptatyr, and seemed somewhat fascinated with "The Foul" Surtalogi. But she barely mentioned Rerir at all.

Unknown Role (None): I don't think that was because of his lower social standing, though. Anyway, it's a pity — I should like to hear her thoughts on the nature of the lifeform he has become today.

Unknown Role (None): It's a strange mix... the furious energy of an Abyssal being channeled through a fractured physical existence, a consequence of being torn apart by an unknown power...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps the only explanation for his survival in this state is that he sacrificed a degree of individuality in exchange for a continued existence...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, sorry. Once I get talking about interesting research, I have a tendency to go on indefinitely.

Unknown Role (None): Back to our research findings. Essentially, they confirm my hypothesis: Rerir's corpse is completely contaminated by the Abyss, and the effects are irreversible.

Unknown Role (None): You could think of this as Rerir in mutated form — but in my view, even that would be inaccurate. In reality, his whole being has been consumed by the Abyss. In other words, he is now nothing more than a manifestation of Abyssal power.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, at present, we have no means of completely eradicating Abyssal power. Hence, we cannot fundamentally destroy the Rächer of Solnari either.

Unknown Role (None): That's terrible news... So that's it, we can't defeat him? Not even if we get the power of the three moons?

Unknown Role (None): Miss Columbina's situation is a difficult one. She can never achieve wholeness when the world does not accept her presence.

Unknown Role (None): It's as if her creator banished her to a place she can never be accepted... It means, she spends most of her energy just on her own survival.

Unknown Role (None): Given the circumstances, it's only natural to despair. But we must see this plan through to the end.

Unknown Role (None): Time to kick off the backup plan.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon almost forgot — this is for you. Dori asked us to bring it.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, how wonderful. Well, thank you for making the trip. Durin and I will be heading off shortly.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry I won't be there to protect you in person this time... Please be careful.

Unknown Role (None): We will.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then. Stay safe.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): I see you've recovered?

Unknown Role (None): #You bet! Snoozed his way to a full recovery...

Unknown Role (None): I'm doing much better. Thanks for checking on me.

Unknown Role (None): Glad to hear it.

Unknown Role (None): A healthy body is paramount — nothing else in life is possible without it. So take it slow. You can't afford an injury.

Unknown Role (None): I'm so grateful that you decided to help us in the end.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon too! You really saved the day when you swooped in to open that gateway!

Unknown Role (None): I came to accept that although Rerir was my friend in the past, here and now, he was an enemy that must be defeated.

Unknown Role (None): Though I will never fully understand what happened between us, I could not let this crisis deepen any further.

Unknown Role (None): We fought a very necessary battle. And you played your part admirably.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I know it was hard, but you'll get through this.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! And if you ever need to talk, just remember, we're always here!

Unknown Role (None): I'll do that.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Hello you. Recovered from the battle?

Unknown Role (None): Mostly recovered, thanks. I'm touched that you'd ask.

Unknown Role (None): Come on, what do you mean? Of course I'm gonna ask! I care about my friends' wellbeing. And we are friends, aren't we?

Unknown Role (None): Get yourself a drink, you've more than earned it! In fact, today, your drinks are on me. Lord Sangemah Bay's got you covered!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, really? What about Paimon, has she earned it, too? Has she, pleeease?

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm... Well, you haven't been through quite as much as Traveler, but... Ah, what the heck! Sure!

Unknown Role (None): Yay! Wow, drinks on Dori — what a historic day!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Keep your voice down, or everyone else is gonna want in, too!

Unknown Role (None): You, you... Have you heard anything I've been saying recently!? Doing business in Nod-Krai has been an absolute nightmare! If I'm buying for everyone, I'll—

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay, Paimon will speak more quietly. Geez...

Unknown Role (None): That's more like it.

Unknown Role (None): Don't you forget, Lord Sangemah Bay doesn't just go around buying drinks for anyone and everyone...

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Ah. You're earlier than I expected.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Flins. Been waiting here long?

Unknown Role (None): Not too long. I came a little early so I'd have some time to think.

Unknown Role (None): Are you nervous about the battle?

Unknown Role (None): Quite the opposite... I'm reminiscing on my past battles.

Unknown Role (None): When I was awakened by the Ratniki, I had not touched a weapon in many years. I felt like the battlefield was not where I belonged.

Unknown Role (None): But after waging war against the Wild Hunt for so long, I came to realize something... A life of absolute peace is simply not a possibility for me.

Unknown Role (None): My restless flame indicates that somewhere inside of me, there is a deep yearning to root out the evil in this world.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't sound like such a bad thing...

Unknown Role (None): I agree.

Unknown Role (None): Well, in the past, when I was a fae whose primary concern was hibernation, it was hardly ideal.

Unknown Role (None): But it certainly serves me well here in the present. And I am delighted to be able to join forces with you in this endeavor.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like I'm not the first to arrive.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Miss Lauma.

Unknown Role (None): Did you sleep okay last night?

Unknown Role (None): I struggled to settle down at first because of the nerves... But don't worry — I got enough sleep in the end. I'll be just fine.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for everything.

Unknown Role (None): Please. I'm just doing my part.

Unknown Role (None): Nefer! Over here!

Unknown Role (None): The goods have been delivered.

Unknown Role (None): And the backup plan is underway.

Unknown Role (None): Aino asked me to relay a message. She said, Ineffa will be on high alert and keep a close watch over all secondary districts where defense is required, providing support as necessary.

Unknown Role (None): Meanwhile, Aino herself will provide ranged support to us directly, using her latest invention.

Unknown Role (None): Excellent. My thanks to all involved.

Unknown Role (None): Uhh... The chess set's looking a little unstable...

Unknown Role (None): It won't hold him much longer. We should be prepared to engage at a moment's notice.

Unknown Role (None): No sense sitting around waiting. Let's make the first move while we still have the option.

Unknown Role (None): I agree. Paimon, find a safe hiding place.

Unknown Role (None): #G—Got it. Uhhh... be careful, Traveler!!!

Unknown Role (None): I will.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone, take your positions as soon as the battle starts.

Unknown Role (None): Every ounce of strength we have in our bones, let us bring to this fight.

Unknown Role (None): Ready?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, I've seen all your futile ploys before. You have become the authors of your own demise.

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't be so sure about that.

Unknown Role (None): You are merely a moment of sport before I tear down the moon.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): ...That's the only reason you're here?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I've thought a lot about it, and I've realized that you, me, and Arlecchino should be friends.

Unknown Role (None): I think this is very important, so I felt I had to come and tell you.

Unknown Role (None): Well, this is a new one. I'm so moved, I can't even hold my teacup... If that's all, you can leave now.

Unknown Role (None): Do you not want to be friends with me? Or is it that you prefer being coworkers?

Unknown Role (None): What is this, Columbina? Are you deliberately testing my patience threshold? Right now, my politeness module is active, but if you say another word, I swear I'll shut it down!

Unknown Role (None): ...If your politeness module was active, wouldn't you say the word "please" at some point?

Unknown Role (None): Pulonia, please see Lady Columbina to the door.

Unknown Role (None): Will you still invite me to your next tea party?

Unknown Role (None): ...What?

Unknown Role (None): ...Yes, I think you will. Bye-bye, dear Sandrone.

Unknown Role (None): Catching up with a friend?

Unknown Role (None): Hope I'm not interrupting...?

Unknown Role (None): Last time, the Wild Hunt escorted you out. Would you rather I handled it myself this time?

Unknown Role (None): We just wanted to... y'know, see how you were doing now that it's all over...

Unknown Role (None): Why? Out of concern for my safety? Hah. I hope you didn't seriously think that the Rächer of Solnari would be able to lay so much as a finger upon me, given how prepared I was.

Unknown Role (None): Mostly 'cause you kinda helped us out, so we just wanted to check you were okay. Looks like all your robots are fixed, huh?

Unknown Role (None): I spy books and teacups on the table...

Unknown Role (None): Afternoon tea. So we are interrupting, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, don't you worry about that, teatime is already a write-off. The visitor before you managed to kill my appetite.

Unknown Role (None): If you're in the mood for tea, go ahead and help yourself. Otherwise, it's going to waste.

Unknown Role (None): My coasters are still missing in action, though. Use this notebook instead.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, pretty hefty notebook... Look at all those calculations...

Unknown Role (None): You can ignore those. They're just dumb scribblings.

Unknown Role (None): I doodle and write in my free time. Sometimes, I remember the distant, dreamlike past, sometimes, I imagine the far-flung future.

Unknown Role (None): And other times, I grit my teeth and note down all the crazy nonsense going on in the present. Some people do the crosswords in the newspaper — this is my equivalent of that.

Unknown Role (None): Trying to predict the future is like daydreaming, and writing about the present just makes me furious. The past is my favorite. If nothing else, it's already set in stone, so I don't have to rack my brains trying to figure it all out.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Although, having said that, the only vaguely interesting memory in my past is probably that guy they call Lord-Artificer.

Unknown Role (None): Lord-Artificer? You mean...

Unknown Role (None): ...Alain Guillotin?

Unknown Role (None): Who else? Pretty much all the meka in Fontaine are his personal handiwork.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, are you saying you know him? Like, personally? As a friend?

Unknown Role (None): Umm... I mean, I guess we were friendly enough.

Unknown Role (None): So you've actually met him?

Unknown Role (None): But he lived hundreds of years ago...

Unknown Role (None): Yup. In fact, I'm probably the only "normal" person left who knew him at all.

Unknown Role (None): We used to chat occasionally back when he was still around. Before he passed away, he asked me to destroy all his manuscripts.

Unknown Role (None): I honored his request. But, I did read through everything first before destroying them.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, I couldn't let the genius of Lord-Artificer Alain Guillotin disappear like that. Would have been such a waste.

Unknown Role (None): So... that's where the formulas in your notebook are from...?

Unknown Role (None): I just told you, those are my equivalent of crossword puzzles. They're just dumb formulas that I solve for fun when I'm bored.

Unknown Role (None): Alain's work was like epic poetry. The formulas in my notebook are just silly little riddles in comparison.

Unknown Role (None): Not that there's anything bad about them. I mean, at least... solving those riddles isn't going to hurt anyone. Except me, 'cause I lose a few brain cells in the process.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, while we're on the topic, I might as well tell you about what happened to him and his friends.

Unknown Role (None): Alain Guillotin had two close buddies, Rene and Jakob. They spent their childhood years together in the Narzissenkreuz Institute.

Unknown Role (None): They were all quite competitive, so there was some rivalry between them, but it was a friendly rivalry.

Unknown Role (None): But beneath the friendship and the rivalry ran something deeper: a sense of nostalgia for the past.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, childhood would end, the prophecy would come true, the apocalypse would arrive, and the future would never be.

Unknown Role (None): A mad dream, that would normally only capture the minds of lunatics, began to take root in their hearts: A dream of saving the world...

Unknown Role (None): ...And if Rene and Alain had been people of lesser wits, that dream would probably have ended up as something for them to joke about in their older years.

Unknown Role (None): But alas, they were some of the sharpest minds around. They nurtured that dream with the full power of their intellect, and it grew into something that ate away at their souls.

Unknown Role (None): The first of them to fall under its spell was Rene.

Unknown Role (None): Against Alain's wishes, he persisted in experimenting on a mutual friend of theirs to try and save their life. Alain did not approve, and parted ways with Rene.

Unknown Role (None): It's complicated... Alain wanted to believe that Rene only did what he did for the sake of their friendship. But when he told me about what happened, I could tell that he still had some suspicions about Rene's motives.

Unknown Role (None): ...Perhaps the seed that would grow into a nightmare had already sprouted in Rene's mind, even then.

Unknown Role (None): The next time they met, Rene's soul had been completely engulfed by the dream of salvation. His futile attempt to change the tide of fate only resulted in a wave that swallowed up the world even before the apocalypse came.

Unknown Role (None): And although that wave died down eventually, I hear that it just recently came back with a vengeance.

Unknown Role (None): As I understand, Rene wanted to live out his dream of salvation once more.

Unknown Role (None): But I'm told that the attempted resurgence finally died out for good. At long last, Rene awoke from his deluded dream... Though of course, by then, it was far too late.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, what do you think of Rene?

Unknown Role (None): Do you admire his transcendent genius? His view that any price was worth paying to achieve the lofty goal of saving the world?

Unknown Role (None): Or do you despise him? Dismiss him as an evil madman, who wrought havoc on the lives of everyone around him as he pursued his delusional dream?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, same difference, really. Just a matter of perspective.

Unknown Role (None): I admire him.

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't surprise me. You share one thing in common, after all. You both want to be the savior.

Unknown Role (None): The only difference is, your dream came true, and his... well, he wasn't the one who made it come true.

Unknown Role (None): I don't admire him.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Hmm. I can't tell whether that's because you disapprove of his deeds, or because he failed... or maybe you have some other reason.

Unknown Role (None): Rene no longer exists in this world, and the dream he started went on to be realized by someone else.

Unknown Role (None): I don't know.

Unknown Role (None): What a cop-out. But I suspect you'd have a more incisive and insightful answer if we dug into it further.

Unknown Role (None): What about you? What's your take on Rene?

Unknown Role (None): I don't like fanatics who give up their whole lives for their ideology. Nor do I like fools who let their delusions take control.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe I could understand if Rene had just been an ordinary person... but he had a sage-like intellect, and still managed to get himself lost in the labyrinth of his own desires...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, that's enough about Rene. Now, moving on to Alain Guillotin, the Lord-Artificer.

Unknown Role (None): He managed to put a stop to the first storm whipped up by Rene. But after that, Alain lost his friends and family.

Unknown Role (None): To his credit, I suppose, the loss of his family and friends was purely a tragic accident. It's not like Alain sacrificed them for his cause, or anything.

Unknown Role (None): After that, the only thing supporting his work was the same dream that had dragged his closest friend down to the Abyss.

Unknown Role (None): But although the desire to save Fontaine drove him to found the Fontaine Research Institute, Alain continued to reject any form of transcendental knowledge or power. He was suspicious and fearful of it, having seen the way it had affected his closest friend.

Unknown Role (None): I think that formulas and machines derived solely from human intellect were the only thing that gave him a sense of spiritual comfort.

Unknown Role (None): Yet Alain's intellect was simply too great. It barely left him space to breathe in his lifetime.

Unknown Role (None): Once he realized that the end of his life was approaching, he finally accepted the truth: The Narzissenkreuz Institute needed someone, and a human being, to see its story through to the end.

Unknown Role (None): He quit working on his formulas, trading them in for the fairytales that had played such a formative role in his childhood, but which he'd barely touched in his adult life.

Unknown Role (None): He told me that the director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute used to read those fairytales to the children as bedtime stories. Apparently, they worked wonders at sending kids off to sleep.

Unknown Role (None): I think that all he wanted at that time in his life was to be able to sleep deeply without being plagued by depression. By that point, nothing else really mattered.

Unknown Role (None): At the very end, he laid down to rest in the ruins of the former Narzissenkreuz Institute orphanage, while the Fontaine Research Institute he had founded continued tirelessly with its work.

Unknown Role (None): Many years after that, tensions over competing dreams would once again cause a rift, this time between members of the Fontaine Research Institute... but the actions of those fools had nothing at all to do with Alain.

Unknown Role (None): And that is the story of two people from the Narzissenkreuz Institute who both wanted to save the world.

Unknown Role (None): One went all in on his fantasy of salvation without ever looking back, and ended up calmly sinking to the bottom of the deepest sea.

Unknown Role (None): The other sought desperately to burn bright in his life, even though he wasn't sure where he was going.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... I do sometimes wonder, why is it that people like them have such grand hopes of saving the world?

Unknown Role (None): Even the grandest tree starts as a tiny seed. So perhaps, for each of them, their mission to save the world began with a very simple desire: to save themselves.

Unknown Role (None): They were young children with friends and family who mattered to them, desires to explore the meaning of life, ambitions to have a successful career... They didn't want to see all of that taken away in one fell swoop.

Unknown Role (None): Or maybe they just wanted to find something to anchor themselves within the chaos, to stop them getting quietly swept away by the storms of life.

Unknown Role (None): But instead, the search for their own salvation took them down the rocky road laid out by fate.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, do you think the desire to save oneself is enough of a justification to try and save the world?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. It's enough.

Unknown Role (None): The way you said that sounded just like Alain... I asked him the same question back when he was in his prime, putting all of his energy into his work.

Unknown Role (None): He gave the exact same answer as you did.

Unknown Role (None): No elaboration, just a quick, short answer before getting right back to his work. He was always that way.

Unknown Role (None): No, I don't think so.

Unknown Role (None): Sensible answer. Glad to know you've got your head screwed on straight.

Unknown Role (None): Alain would disagree, though. I asked him the same question back when he was in his prime, putting all of his energy into his work.

Unknown Role (None): "Yes. It's enough."

Unknown Role (None): No elaboration, just a quick, short answer before getting right back to his work. He was always that way.

Unknown Role (None): I don't know.

Unknown Role (None): You don't know...? Huh. I guess that's a fair answer. At least you're not trying to hide your confusion.

Unknown Role (None): Alain was much more straightforward about it. I asked him the same question back when he was in his prime, putting all of his energy into his work.

Unknown Role (None): Yes. It's enough.

Unknown Role (None): That was all he said before getting right back to his work. He was always that way.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, teatime's over.

Unknown Role (None): I owe Arlecchino a favor for telling me these stories. I'll have to bring a whole sack of gifts the next time I visit the House of the Hearth.

Unknown Role (None): I'm gonna go tinker with Pulonia now. You guys can do whatever you want, as long as it doesn't involve interrupting me.

Unknown Role (None): Pulonia, exit hibernation mode. Begin diagnostics.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): How've you been holding up? Any adverse reactions? If you start to take a turn for the worse, make sure you tell me right away.

Unknown Role (None): You don't need to worry about me, Grand Master. I'm fine. I mean, I barely did anything, so...

Unknown Role (None): What? Hahaha, you're too humble, young man.

Unknown Role (None): You played an indispensable role in the battle for Nod-Krai. We can't thank you enough for your support.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, when people praise you, it's because you deserve it. The best thing is to accept it calmly and with grace. It's important to learn how to respond to words of admiration.

Unknown Role (None): Let's do a quick demonstration: "Albedo, that was an incredible feat of alchemy! The pressure was on, but you worked flawlessly at lightning speed to get the job done!"

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I can't take all the credit, though — Durin played a big part in forming the alchemical array.

Unknown Role (None): See? Did you catch that? A masterclass in how to take a compliment.

Unknown Role (None): Umm... Okay, yeah, I did work pretty hard to help prepare for the battle. No point denying that.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you guys!

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, great work everyone. You all outdid yourselves.

Unknown Role (None): #Hey, look who's bounced back! Looking good, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Seems like you've recovered. You won't need to take any more medication.

Unknown Role (None): Can I get you a drink?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You know how to order at a bar now? You've sure learned a lot recently!

Unknown Role (None): Handling a drinks order is ridiculously simple compared to alchemy. Don't worry, I'll blend into society yet.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon believes it! You're clearly a fast learner, just like your brother.

Unknown Role (None): To be totally honest though, Paimon didn't quite follow all the details when you first explained the plan to us... Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, that's completely understandable. Unless you're a student of alchemy, it's hard to grasp the principle and how the process works.

Unknown Role (None): To put it in the simplest terms, we saw how our enemy stole the power of kuuvahki, and that gave us the idea of stealing his power to turn it against him.

Unknown Role (None): When facing an enemy you have no hope of defeating, it's best not to engage them in battle.

Unknown Role (None): So, instead of looking for a way to overpower him, we decided to help Columbina get strong enough to at least stand up to him in a fight.

Unknown Role (None): For this to work, we had to analyze his modes of attack, confirm who his main target was, and make sure that he wouldn't go beyond the range of the alchemical array.

Unknown Role (None): For added security, we prepared a total of four arrays, but to mitigate the impact of the battle, we identified one location in particular as the ideal spot, which is where the confrontation took place.

Unknown Role (None): The alchemical array absorbed his Abyssal power, then Durin processed it to render it usable by Columbina.

Unknown Role (None): That power enabled her to do what would otherwise have been nigh on impossible.

Unknown Role (None): What surprised me was that Dainsleif actually agreed to join us.

Unknown Role (None): Given his history with Rerir, he had every right to sit this one out... But we're extremely grateful for the decision he made.

Unknown Role (None): Confronting a former friend in battle...

Unknown Role (None): That can't have been easy.

Unknown Role (None): It must have been a painful choice to make. But I'm sure that making a decision was far better for him than staying in limbo.

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely.

Unknown Role (None): He was torn between two paths, but in the end, he made his choice and stuck to it resolutely. He doesn't strike me as the sort of person who'd stay trapped in limbo for long.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, however you cut it, everyone gave a stellar performance! And now it's time to kick back and celebrate!

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): *panting*...

Unknown Role (None): Nefer, how are your eyes?

Unknown Role (None): They're fine. Apart from the blindness, of course.

Unknown Role (None): It's not too late.

Unknown Role (None): Let me handle it.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Miss Nefer... It's not like you to lose your composure. That was the most reckless thing I've ever seen you do.

Unknown Role (None): Reckless how? The situation was critical. Our lives were at stake. We had to do something.

Unknown Role (None): Even so...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Okay, I guess you're right. Under the circumstances, it was a wise decision. You traded your eyes for an incredible victory.

Unknown Role (None): In business terms, I suppose that's a huge return on investment.

Unknown Role (None): I'd be hard-pressed to argue otherwise.

Unknown Role (None): Still, I don't like this outcome. And I don't want you to lose your sight for good.

Unknown Role (None): People suffer when they make sacrifices they shouldn't have to make. Whether that means faith, strength... or in this case, your ability to even see.

Unknown Role (None): I had hoped you could win without sacrificing so much as a single hair on your head.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. Really.

Unknown Role (None): All done.

Unknown Role (None): Don't try and open your eyes just yet. We'll see how you're doing in a couple of days. Until then, please follow your recovery plan to the letter.

Unknown Role (None): I'll send full details through Jahoda. For now, just get yourself home, relax, and rest.

Unknown Role (None): My dear friends, we have fought bravely and achieved a spectacular victory. A dark cloud has been lifted from the skies of Nod-Krai... All in this land will be grateful for what you have done.

Unknown Role (None): The moon will remember this day. Thank you both.

Unknown Role (None): Jahoda shows up and helps Nefer get home. And you, of course, have Paimon to escort you back.

Unknown Role (None): The sight of Nefer navigating the road with her eyes closed is a new one for you. She proceeds cautiously, but as her silhouette disappears into the distance, you notice she seems almost smug.

Unknown Role (None): There's something I want to let you know.

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): When Durin connected everyone's minds so I could access their powers, I also felt everything they felt.

Unknown Role (None): And since Nefer's eyes were injured, my eyes are hurting now, too...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Hold on, let me try—

Unknown Role (None): I only feel the pain, there's no actual damage. I just thought I should tell you.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh. You're right, there's no damage. That's a relief.

Unknown Role (None): But I must say, I'm surprised to hear the Kuutar share something like this with me. In the past, you never used to open up about yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Things are a little different now from how they were. I'm learning to share how I truly feel with my friends.

Unknown Role (None): Friends... You have no idea how glad I am to hear that.

Unknown Role (None): You can't help but break into a smile at the word "friends," as a warm and fuzzy feeling fills your chest.

Unknown Role (None): One by one, your fellow teammates report in to inform you that everything is under control. At Lauma's insistence, you lie down. You fought on the front line against Rerir, and now you need rest.

Unknown Role (None): ...

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): ...This is a thorough plan, but I do have one last question before we take action: How can we be sure that our enemy won't leave the designated area?

Unknown Role (None): Great question. Albedo's been hard at work analyzing Rerir and the Wild Hunt's behavioral patterns. His conclusions are as follows.

Unknown Role (None): Firstly, from the earliest known confrontation until now, Rerir has never displayed any ability to manipulate the dimension of space. So it's unlikely he has any power in that domain.

Unknown Role (None): Secondly, he seems to have a particularly strong vendetta against our group. If we put him in a fight-or-flight situation, he'll choose to fight every time.

Unknown Role (None): Thirdly, finally, and most importantly: He is consumed by hatred, both for the moon, and for his enemies.

Unknown Role (None): Turns out, we tick both of those boxes. We have a reincarnated moon in our ranks, and a spy who accessed his private memories without permission. He'll be baying for blood, not looking to escape.

Unknown Role (None): As someone who's had their fair share of interactions with the Wild Hunt, those all seem like valid observations to me.

Unknown Role (None): Understood. Then I will defer to the verdict of the group.

Unknown Role (None): Well everyone, that's the plan in full detail. Albedo and Durin are carrying out their part as we speak.

Unknown Role (None): Plan approved. Scheduling...

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Any firepower you need, I got you covered. Let's light this baby up!

Unknown Role (None): The Frostmoon Scions are behind you as well.

Unknown Role (None): And the rest of you?

Unknown Role (None): ...No objections? Alright, then it's settled. This is the plan we're going with. Next up, an old tradition of mine: Anyone who wants to back out, now's your chance.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, we can still back out of this!?

Unknown Role (None): Everyone says things they regret, right? I don't want anyone feeling trapped because their mouth said "yes" before their brain had time to think things through.

Unknown Role (None): A very "people first" approach. I hear that's common practice in the Knights of Favonius.

Unknown Role (None): Heh, who'd you hear it from? Diluc?

Unknown Role (None): Shh. We don't use people's real names at work. This contact will be known only as "Owl," please and thank you.

Unknown Role (None): This plan can only work if everyone does their part. Flins and I will absolutely support it.

Unknown Role (None): We shall indeed. You'll be glad you accepted our help.

Unknown Role (None): Also — you are the last person I expected to see here, Miss Dori.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it's not often I get called Dori in a work context. My peers usually call me Lord Sangemah Bay.

Unknown Role (None): Sooo... the longer your name, the higher your net worth? Is that the idea here?

Unknown Role (None): Ahahaha, in that case, Mr Flins here must be worth a fortune! That's right, I know your full name. It's—

Unknown Role (None): The walls are thin here. I'd appreciate you keeping that a secret.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay, fine. Ugh, I'm actually only here as a favor for someone else. Do you have any idea how much it would cost to hire me otherwise!?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... Does this mean someone out there actually has the power to boss Dori around?

Unknown Role (None): It most certainly does not! We have a longstanding and mutually beneficial business partnership. She's actually the mom of a friend of yours.

Unknown Role (None): Said mom supplied me with a great little trinket, but now that lady's ruined everything. If I don't start building a little goodwill now, my whole business in Nod-Krai is gonna go down the drain!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so what exactly is so special about this pendant?

Unknown Role (None): It's a lucky charm that a great mage made for me. We have a business relationship, and she was worried that something bad might happen to me. So, she wanted me to have something that can store power to protect myself with.

Unknown Role (None): I FINALLY got it all fully charged up with kuuvahki, and then Nefer went and used it all up at once! Gah, never lost so big in my life!

Unknown Role (None): You're right, it was all my fault. I didn't mean to drain all the kuuvahki in the pendant, but I'll make it up to you.

Unknown Role (None): You will? Um, um, well, in that case... how about you give me your chess set and we call it even?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I knew you'd say that. Well, it's yours if you want it. In fact, take it now and I'll even throw in a free Rächer of Solnari. Deal?

Unknown Role (None): Ughhh... You're putting me in a difficult position here...

Unknown Role (None): It's a very useful thing to have around... but I have a funny feeling it won't be around much longer. I guess we'll see in a couple of days.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, looks like bankruptcy for me...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, don't be so pessimistic. See this through and you never know, you might find a new business opportunity on the other side.

Unknown Role (None): With an action plan in place, everyone chats among themselves before going their separate ways to get started on their work.

Unknown Role (None): You and Paimon decide to check in and see how each stage of the preparations are going.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Miss Lauma, is everyone here?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. The fate of my flock is in your hands, Grand Master Varka. Please keep them safe.

Unknown Role (None): My Lady... What are you saying?

Unknown Role (None): Within the next twenty-four hours, we will face the biggest crisis the world has ever seen.

Unknown Role (None): This is not a burden that we deserve to bear. But I believe that we reap what we sow in this life... So, I intend to act. I must do what I think is right.

Unknown Role (None): For me, that means fighting for the future of Nod-Krai.

Unknown Role (None): This gentleman is the Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, Varka, Knight of Boreas. In my absence, please follow his lead.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Guess I should introduce myself. Hmm... Well, to start with, I know my way around a battlefield, hahahaha.

Unknown Role (None): Biggest strengths are... honesty and hardworking-ness? Anyway, point is, I don't intend to let Lauma down. I'm gonna do everything in my power to keep every last one of you safe and sound.

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Yay, you're awake!

Unknown Role (None): How you feeling? Any aches and pains? Did you sleep well?

Unknown Role (None): I'm doing alright, Paimon. No need to worry about me.

Unknown Role (None): Phew, well that's good... Paimon's been sitting on the edge of the bed worrying about you for ages! You slept a whole day and night... Poor Paimon had to eat all by her lonesome...

Unknown Role (None): Glad to hear you didn't starve. How was the food?

Unknown Role (None): Well, it wasn't the same without you there to share it...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Honestly, Paimon just can't relax when you're not your usual self. She couldn't enjoy the food and settle down to sleep.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'm back to normal now.

Unknown Role (None): Oh yeah, and Albedo swung by earlier. He said to tell you to head to the tavern when you woke up. Varka and the others are organizing a victory feast, and they wanna celebrate with you.

Unknown Role (None): He also dropped off some medical supplies, but you seem fit as a fiddle, so... hehe, guess you won't be needing those.

Unknown Role (None): If you're feeling up to it, let's head over now! Wouldn't wanna keep them waiting!

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): *fanfare* We're heeeeere!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Perfect timing! We were literally just saying how there's no way we're holding this victory feast without you. Any longer, and we would've postponed it till tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): How are you feeling today?

Unknown Role (None): Much better, thanks. Don't worry about me.

Unknown Role (None): Relieved to hear it. If that changes, just let me know. Happy to check you over at any time.

Unknown Role (None): Yep. We're here for you. Anything you need, just let us know.

Unknown Role (None): Oh wait, where's Nefer?

Unknown Role (None): How are her eyes doing?

Unknown Role (None): Nefer's right over there.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure she'd love to catch up with you.

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Nefer!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon. Are you recovering well?

Unknown Role (None): Much better, thanks to a good rest. You're looking well too.

Unknown Role (None): Turns out that Moonchanter has some real talent, after all. My eyes were mostly recovered after just a couple days' rest. I can actually open them again now.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, but you gotta be careful... Lauma says not to strain your eyes while they're still healing.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, thank you, I'm well aware.

Unknown Role (None): Jahoda, could I borrow you for a moment? I could do with an extra pair of hands.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, sure! Coming!

Unknown Role (None): Did you hear that? I gotta go help Lauma for a second — you guys chat among yourselves. I'll grab us some drinks on the way back. Paimon, you still like 'em sweet?

Unknown Role (None): You bet! Hehe, make it extra sweet, 'cause Paimon's earned it!

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): What's on your mind?

Unknown Role (None): ...The Rächer of Solnari. Kind of a snake, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... More of a wolf in my mind.

Unknown Role (None): No, definitely a snake. A poisonous one, who spewed his venomous hatred everywhere.

Unknown Role (None): Anyone who seeks revenge out of hatred for other people has become a snake. That's something my dad used to say.

Unknown Role (None): I guess he didn't like seeing people go down the path of vengeance.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps. I'm sure it sounds like a very wise and open-hearted perspective to your ears. But me? I think hatred is a perfectly justifiable emotion.

Unknown Role (None): What else is left when everything you depended on in life gets stripped away? Something's gotta fuel that drive to keep on living.

Unknown Role (None): When I look at your life...

Unknown Role (None): I see a lot of things that you can depend on.

Unknown Role (None): If you're worried about me, you can nip that in the bud. I'm not someone who gets stuck in the past.

Unknown Role (None): It's just... I suddenly feel like I was wrong to call my father a liar. He was just a fool. That's why the Akademiya turned their back on him, and why the other tribes ganged up on him.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, father... How much better things could have been if you were a skilled liar....

Unknown Role (None): Look at the Ibis King... Thoth is a fiendishly cunning liar. And yet, strangely, he feels more like a father to me than my real dad ever was.

Unknown Role (None): He's never brought it up, but I'd bet he feels the same way.

Unknown Role (None): Why else would he give me the power to perceive the truth, while at the same time training me in the art of deception?

Unknown Role (None): Sadly, I've never heard the Ibis King's voice...

Unknown Role (None): What's he actually like?

Unknown Role (None): Well, King Deshret banished him to Aaru, which is essentially a prison, and posed three questions to him. He promised that he'd have his freedom if he could find the answers.

Unknown Role (None): His response was to take on a physical form and approach me, hoping that I could become his envoy and search for one of the answers on his behalf.

Unknown Role (None): Did he really think I'd fall for that? He's stuck there. He can't make me return what he gave to me.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like he was nice enough to you.

Unknown Role (None): You definitely sound like father and daughter...

Unknown Role (None): So that's enough for you to decide he's nice, is it?

Unknown Role (None): He's a prisoner, and he was scared. So he decided to perform some good deeds to win people's approval.

Unknown Role (None): He lives in fear because he's a deceiver. How is Rerir any different? You can't work as a spy your whole life and expect a happy ending.

Unknown Role (None): It's preposterous, yet I can't say I don't understand it. Liars live in the darkness of their own making, but it's still human nature to want to go on living.

Unknown Role (None): ...They say that a liar's soul is the most worthless thing in the world. What do you think?

Unknown Role (None): I'd agree with that.

Unknown Role (None): Good. If you understand that, it means you're smart. And you see things objectively.

Unknown Role (None): I have to disagree.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, really? Well, it takes a very kind person to find compassion even for liars.

Unknown Role (None): If you ask me, the soul of a liar really is worth nothing. Because all they care about is themselves.

Unknown Role (None): For example, when something good falls into my lap, I don't go sharing the news around. Stops other people trying to steal it from me.

Unknown Role (None): ...Pfft.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I have a feeling some people over there may have overheard that...

Unknown Role (None): So be it. They have sharp ears... I can't keep anything from them.

Unknown Role (None): Is that your way of saying you've warmed up to them now?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, is that what it looks like?

Unknown Role (None): What it looks like is, you're starting to see us as your friends.

Unknown Role (None): Well... You all know my past now, and I can't simply eliminate everyone who knows too much. So, I guess I just have to put up with you — for the foreseeable future, at least.

Unknown Role (None): When you find yourself in a situation you can't control, the safest play is to keep calm and start monitoring everyone involved like a hawk. In the intelligence world, you need to have a sense of perspective and play your hand accordingly.

Unknown Role (None): If you understand what's at stake, please ensure my secret is safe with you. I trust you'll respect my wishes as a friend... but don't forget, I will also be watching you like a hawk.

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): Very good.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, wait! Now that the panic's over and we've all calmed down, Paimon's suddenly remembered something!

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): After all that build up, our mystery ally never showed up even once!

Unknown Role (None): (A noise is coming from indoors)

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh?

Unknown Role (None): ...Am I imagining things?

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Hey... is this a bad time? Hope I didn't kill the conversation...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine! Come on in!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, no need. C'mon, let's talk outside.

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, nice room... Oh, I—I'm not coming in, though.

Unknown Role (None): Why not? It's just a hotel room...

Unknown Role (None): If it's all the same, I'll just stay out here. I might not look the part, but I am technically a knight. Barging into people's private quarters isn't the kind of thing we do...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, Nefer went back to the Curatorium to get some rest. But before she left, she shared some things with me that I thought you should be aware of.

Unknown Role (None): Firstly, although she managed to trap the Rächer of Solnari inside her chess set, there's no guarantee that the power of the Ibis King is any match for one of the Five Sinners. Their powers are beyond our comprehension.

Unknown Role (None): It's only a matter of time before he finds a way to break out. We have to come up with a plan and take care of him before that happens.

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, Paimon figured that might be the case... So, how long have we got?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, well... I asked her that same question. She talked for a long time, but for the most part, seemed like she was trying to convince me how precious her chess set is... and what a long and storied history it has.

Unknown Role (None): Felt like some kind of sales pitch. You know, the kind where you end up handing over Mora against your will? ...Anyway, after all that, she finally answered the question: Two days, at most.

Unknown Role (None): Two days!? Holy moly... Can we even recruit enough help in that time?

Unknown Role (None): That remains to be seen. Which brings me to the second issue: Dainsleif is obviously conflicted about this whole thing, but given how little time we have, there's no way we can pull this off without his help.

Unknown Role (None): You have some history with him, right? Do you think maybe you could... talk to him for us?

Unknown Role (None): I'll see what I can do.

Unknown Role (None): Great. I appreciate it.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, onto item three. So, Albedo, Durin, and I put our heads together and came up with a plan. Can't promise it's gonna work yet, but at least it's a start.

Unknown Role (None): We figured we'd bounce the idea off you first. We'll explore it further once everyone's recovered.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Please, ask away.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon's dying to hear this!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, so... Here's what we're thinking...

Unknown Role (None): In a hushed voice, Varka lays out the current plan.

Unknown Role (None): It's a shocking plan... but nothing can faze the greatest Traveler and trustiest travel guide in Teyvat. It doesn't take you long to get behind it.

Unknown Role (None): We felt a little uneasy about roping you into this... I mean, firstly, you're not locals, and secondly, none of us are your boss. You're well within your rights to refuse, if you so choose.

Unknown Role (None): Roping us in? Why would you even say that? We know the stakes here — it's all of us against the Rächer of Solnari, or none of us stand a chance.

Unknown Role (None): I choose my words very intentionally, I'll have you know. I like to think there's an art to striking a down-to-earth tone even when the stakes are through the roof.

Unknown Role (None): Sir Varka, I have a few thoughts about this plan.

Unknown Role (None): I'm all ears.

Unknown Role (None): I think we can be more flexible with how the roles are allocated. In my view, the most sensible lineup would be like this...

Unknown Role (None): I see your point, yeah. But if that's how we're gonna approach this... You'd better make sure you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): ...To be clear, I don't doubt your abilities — far from it. I just want to make sure... Are you really willing to take all this on?

Unknown Role (None): I want to do everything within my power. The Rächer of Solnari is a truly fearsome opponent, and if I do my part, it'll greatly reduce the risk for everyone else involved.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that tracks with what I've heard. Jean's mentioned in her letters that you're so diligent, it's almost... abnormal.

Unknown Role (None): As in, most people weigh up the risks and rewards in situations like this. But you seem to just march towards danger without a moment's hesitation.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, everyone appreciates a fearless pioneer. But all that aside, I'm the Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, and you're our Honorary Knight. I want to make sure your courage doesn't come at the expense of your safety.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Sir Varka.

Unknown Role (None): I should be the one thanking you — it means a lot to have you on board. I'll give some serious thought to your suggestions.

Unknown Role (None): Varka gives a very knightly bow and says he'll see you at the hotel again later. He has arranged for everyone to meet and finalize the plan of action.

Unknown Role (None): As the moon rises in the sky, you and Paimon leave your room, discussing whether Paimon has any other options than fruit juice.

Unknown Role (None): Still, you remain conscious of the fact that the future of Nod-Krai rests on what is decided tonight.

Unknown Role (None): So many lives are at stake. You may never meet most of them, but whether they know it or not, all of them are counting on you.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): I thought of a thousand ways to congratulate you, but... now you're here, words are failing me.

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, the Honorary Knight stuns them speechless once again!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, well said. The Honorary Knight showed us all how it's done.

Unknown Role (None): The other knights tell me that Mondstadt was the first stop on your journey. All of us are truly delighted to count you as our friend.

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to thank you for supporting the Knights of Favonius, and also for helping us save Nod-Krai.

Unknown Role (None): Don't mention it, Grand Master.

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense! Of course I'm gonna mention it! This is more than just business — it's a relationship. And there can be no relationship without showing gratitude where it's due.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): *fanfare* We're heeeeere!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Perfect timing! We were literally just saying how there's no way we're holding this victory feast without you. Any longer, and we would've postponed it till tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): How are you feeling today?

Unknown Role (None): Much better, thanks. Don't worry about me.

Unknown Role (None): Relieved to hear it. If that changes, just let me know. Happy to check you over at any time.

Unknown Role (None): Yep. We're here for you. Anything you need, just let us know.

Unknown Role (None): Oh wait, where's Nefer?

Unknown Role (None): How are her eyes doing?

Unknown Role (None): Nefer's right over there.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure she'd love to catch up with you.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Hey... is this a bad time? Hope I didn't kill the conversation...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine! Come on in!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, no need. C'mon, let's talk outside.

Unknown Role (None): Mmm, nice room... Oh, I—I'm not coming in, though.

Unknown Role (None): Why not? It's just a hotel room...

Unknown Role (None): If it's all the same, I'll just stay out here. I might not look the part, but I am technically a knight. Barging into people's private quarters isn't the kind of thing we do...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, Nefer went back to the Curatorium to get some rest. But before she left, she shared some things with me that I thought you should be aware of.

Unknown Role (None): Firstly, although she managed to trap the Rächer of Solnari inside her chess set, there's no guarantee that the power of the Ibis King is any match for one of the Five Sinners. Their powers are beyond our comprehension.

Unknown Role (None): It's only a matter of time before he finds a way to break out. We have to come up with a plan and take care of him before that happens.

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, Paimon figured that might be the case... So, how long have we got?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, well... I asked her that same question. She talked for a long time, but for the most part, seemed like she was trying to convince me how precious her chess set is... and what a long and storied history it has.

Unknown Role (None): Felt like some kind of sales pitch. You know, the kind where you end up handing over Mora against your will? ...Anyway, after all that, she finally answered the question: Two days, at most.

Unknown Role (None): Two days!? Holy moly... Can we even recruit enough help in that time?

Unknown Role (None): That remains to be seen. Which brings me to the second issue: Dainsleif is obviously conflicted about this whole thing, but given how little time we have, there's no way we can pull this off without his help.

Unknown Role (None): You have some history with him, right? Do you think maybe you could... talk to him for us?

Unknown Role (None): I'll see what I can do.

Unknown Role (None): Great. I appreciate it.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, onto item three. So, Albedo, Durin, and I put our heads together and came up with a plan. Can't promise it's gonna work yet, but at least it's a start.

Unknown Role (None): We figured we'd bounce the idea off you first. We'll explore it further once everyone's recovered.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Please, ask away.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon's dying to hear this!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, so... Here's what we're thinking...

Unknown Role (None): In a hushed voice, Varka lays out the current plan.

Unknown Role (None): It's a shocking plan... but nothing can faze the greatest Traveler and trustiest travel guide in Teyvat. It doesn't take you long to get behind it.

Unknown Role (None): We felt a little uneasy about roping you into this... I mean, firstly, you're not locals, and secondly, none of us are your boss. You're well within your rights to refuse, if you so choose.

Unknown Role (None): Roping us in? Why would you even say that? We know the stakes here — it's all of us against the Rächer of Solnari, or none of us stand a chance.

Unknown Role (None): I choose my words very intentionally, I'll have you know. I like to think there's an art to striking a down-to-earth tone even when the stakes are through the roof.

Unknown Role (None): Sir Varka, I have a few thoughts about this plan.

Unknown Role (None): I'm all ears.

Unknown Role (None): I think we can be more flexible with how the roles are allocated. In my view, the most sensible lineup would be like this...

Unknown Role (None): I see your point, yeah. But if that's how we're gonna approach this... You'd better make sure you're ready.

Unknown Role (None): ...To be clear, I don't doubt your abilities — far from it. I just want to make sure... Are you really willing to take all this on?

Unknown Role (None): I want to do everything within my power. The Rächer of Solnari is a truly fearsome opponent, and if I do my part, it'll greatly reduce the risk for everyone else involved.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that tracks with what I've heard. Jean's mentioned in her letters that you're so diligent, it's almost... abnormal.

Unknown Role (None): As in, most people weigh up the risks and rewards in situations like this. But you seem to just march towards danger without a moment's hesitation.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, everyone appreciates a fearless pioneer. But all that aside, I'm the Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, and you're our Honorary Knight. I want to make sure your courage doesn't come at the expense of your safety.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Sir Varka.

Unknown Role (None): I should be the one thanking you — it means a lot to have you on board. I'll give some serious thought to your suggestions.

Unknown Role (None): Varka gives a very knightly bow and says he'll see you at the hotel again later. He has arranged for everyone to meet and finalize the plan of action.

Unknown Role (None): As the moon rises in the sky, you and Paimon leave your room, discussing whether Paimon has any other options than fruit juice.

Unknown Role (None): Still, you remain conscious of the fact that the future of Nod-Krai rests on what is decided tonight.

Unknown Role (None): So many lives are at stake. You may never meet most of them, but whether they know it or not, all of them are counting on you.

## Talk 24

[Missing Talk]: Talk 602024 could not be retrieved

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): So, that "close colleague" who stayed behind with you... What's he been up to recently?

Unknown Role (None): Don't know, don't care. I get more normal human interaction from hanging out with B.O.S.C.O. 2 than him.

Unknown Role (None): Although, now you mention it, he hasn't bothered me in a while. I wonder if...

Unknown Role (None): If he's disappeared without a trace, it's the biggest gift he ever gave to the world. But I somehow doubt that's what's going on.

Unknown Role (None): He won't lie low forever... so we'd better stay on guard.

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 602025 could not be retrieved