(Quest is part of group: Song of the Welkin Moon)

(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act VII A Traveler on a Winter's Night)

# Where Our Space and Time Intersect

In this unfamiliar world, with companions beyond reach... What path is there to take that leads back to their side?


## Objective 1

(Talk to everyone)


## Talk 2

(Talk to everyone)

Traveler: What just happened...
Traveler: ...Nasha Town? How did I get here?
Traveler: (Strange. I remember being trapped by Dottore during the battle... And now, all of a sudden, I'm here.)
Traveler: (Something weird is going on... I guess I'll start by exploring the area.)
Katya: #Hmm? Traveler? What brings you here at this hour?
Traveler: Huh?
Katya: What are you in the mood for today? A hot dog? Or something else? We've got some special discounts at the moment — you wanna see the menu?
Traveler: Sorry, I'm not hungry right now.
Katya: Ah. Well, feel free to take a seat for now. Let me know if you change your mind.
Traveler: (Everyone seems to be acting normal... Am I just overthinking?)
Borzyslaw: #Oh! Darling, look who it is! One of our regular customers. Get Traveler something to eat, would you, dear?
Traveler: (Wait... Why is he talking like that...?)
Katya: I'd love to, but can't serve a customer unless they order something. Anyway, I take it your business is wrapped up?
Borzyslaw: Yes thankfully. It was a long trip, and it's left me feeling pretty exhausted. But the upshot is, I won't have to leave again for a good while. We can have some quality time to ourselves!
Traveler: (Wait... these two are a couple? I see some kids around, too. I didn't know they had a family...)
Maisie: Hey there! I haven't seen you in ages... What's keeping you so busy? I've been looking forward to playing with you again.
Traveler: ...Have we met?
Maisie: You forgot already? Heh, you're silly! Daddy brought you over to our house recently. We had some snacks together.
Traveler: (...What is she talking about?)
Maisie: We've had a lot of customers over the last few days, so we've been real busy. And like my Mom always says — some people are more than just customers. They're friends.
Maisie: Oh! Another customer's arrived. I'd better go see what they want!
Traveler: (This is all wrong. I never once heard the owner of this restaurant talk about their family. It certainly isn't a family-run business... And that child? I don't recognize her at all...)
Traveler: (Could this be... a false memory?)
The Doctor (???): Very good. I knew you had it in you.

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...!?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Dottore!?

The Doctor: Aren't you going to try the house special?
Traveler: (When did he show up?)
Traveler: (No... None of this is real!)
The Doctor: You don't seem to like it here. That's fine... we can change venues.

## Objective 4

(Explore the surrounding space)


## Talk 5

(Explore the surrounding space)

The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: ...I'm still alive...?
The Damselette: (Where is this place? It took all my strength to open the Moon Gate, and then I leapt into it...)
The Damselette: (So this is... the moon's reflection? The mysterious realm beyond the gate?)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (...Hmm. I can't sense anything.)
The Damselette: (I guess I could try opening the gate once more?)
The Damselette: ...! *panting*
The Damselette: (No response... Maybe this space can't be opened from inside.)
The Damselette: (Hmm... If this was the space that killed both Rerir and his lover... Then why am I unscathed?)
The Damselette: (Or... No, I'm not unscathed. Even the air here feels... frozen in place. There is nothing here with which I can restore my power...)
The Damselette: (...I should conserve my strength and proceed with caution.)
The Damselette: (I don't believe Dottore's scheming will stop just because I escaped. If there is any chance that I can get back to the others, any chance at all...)
The Damselette: ...I must return.

## Objective 6

(Explore the surrounding space)


## Objective 7

(Use your power to interact with the mysterious phenomenon)


## Objective 8

(Follow the power's guidance)


## Objective 9

(Enter the world in the mirror)


## Objective 10

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Talk 11

(Explore the world in the mirror)

Lauma: Goodbye for now, Columbina. I hope you have a wonderful night.
Columbina: I will.
The Damselette: (Lauma, everyone else... and me?)
The Damselette: (Are these... my memories?)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I can't touch them... It's as if we're separated by some impenetrable power...)
Kaarina: Haha! Over here, over here!
The Damselette: (But the people in these memories pass right through me. Just like when I disappeared...)
The Damselette: (If only I had known what would come to pass after that...)
The Damselette: (...Even so, I should still take a look around. Just being back here... It gives me the strength to keep going.)

## Objective 12

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Objective 13

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Talk 14

(Visit the witches' booth)

Barbeloth: Please, draw the first Lunar Arcana. This represents "destiny," and is the foundation for the divination as a whole.
Columbina: ...
The Damselette: (My "destiny"... I believe the card I drew was "The Moon.")
The Damselette: (Now that I think about it, Barbeloth's divination was absolutely right...)
The Damselette: (Ah, it's almost time to draw the last card. The one that represents the "future"...)
The Damselette: (That was the card that popped out on its own. From here, I think...)
Columbina: Hmm? A... kuuvahki pulse?
The Damselette: ...What?
Barbeloth: Fascinating. I've never encountered this before in my role as a diviner...
The Damselette: (What's going on? Did that card leave the deck... because of my influence?)
The Damselette: (All I did was try to touch it, and then...)
The Damselette: (Maybe this memory space is not untouchable after all... are there weak points in the barrier?)
The Damselette: (Or... is it possible that there's more to this space than my memories alone?)
Barbeloth: ...This card is "Death."
The Damselette: (...I need to get to the bottom of this.)
The Damselette: (I'll try touching something else... Hmm?)
The Damselette: (Is this... the wind? No! It's gravity! It's pulling me outwards...!)
The Damselette: #No! ...Traveler!
Traveler: ...

## Objective 15

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Objective 16

(Analyze the current situation with your companions)


## Talk 17

(Analyze the current situation with your companions)

Lauma: ...Paimon, listen to me.
Lauma: #From the bottom of our hearts, we're so, so sorry... We completely understand how you must feel. Traveler is trapped, and we all feel responsible for it.
Paimon: #Don't say that... Paimon's not a little kid. You didn't leave him behind on purpose — there was nothing you could do...
Paimon: But... But... *sob*
Paimon: #He's all alone in there. What if something happens to him? What are we gonna do then?
Paimon: #We've barely spent any time apart since we met... Is he... Is he gonna... die?
The Knave: #We must find a way to rescue him. We were all involved in the operation where he was captured, and we do not abandon our comrades.
The Knave: That being said, it won't be easy. Through conversation with the others on our return, we've arrived at a basic idea of what we're up against.
The Knave: Dottore's lab has clearly been in operation for a lot longer than we realized. We found many monster samples stored there — in all likelihood, they were materials he used to research his latest technology.
The Knave: We also know that through his contact with the phantoms of Hyperborea, he gained knowledge about the moons and certain Hyperborean technologies.
The Knave: Using this knowledge, he then fashioned an artificial Moon Marrow to serve as a replacement for the Frost Moon beyond the sky.
The Knave: Unlike Columbina, Dottore is not being rejected by Teyvat. And even with two of the three Moon Marrows, his power far exceeds all of ours combined.
The Knave: Once his third Moon Marrow is complete, Dottore will have completely seized the authority of the three moons. Teyvat's most primordial powers will then be in his grasp.
Paimon: D—Does that mean...
The Knave: I'm afraid so. ...No one could have predicted this level of insanity, not even from Dottore. And unfortunately, his insanity is coupled with an intellect and ambition that not even his peers in the Fatui can match.
Varka: ...This is dire. Sounds like the world is done for.
Lauma: The three moons' authority can influence the very fabric of time and space... I dare not imagine what a monster like him would do with that kind of power.
Nefer: The trouble's already begun, I'm afraid. On our way back, we discovered that part of Nod-Krai is being enveloped by an unknown energy. We cannot ascertain what is happening inside.
Nefer: I'm convinced this is Dottore's doing, not that there's any way to prove it. The issue is, we have no idea what his intentions are.
Flins: The only thing more frustrating than facing down evil is knowing that it will surely come, but not knowing when.
Varka: The Doctor is guilty of numerous crimes in Mondstadt as well. One of our knights— well, former knights... His father was murdered by Dottore.
Varka: His ideology and methodology are a danger to everything in his path, from individuals to entire nations. He does not feel guilt, even when he acts against his own people.
Nefer: He doesn't see them as his own people, that's why. People like him see everyone else as beneath them.
The Knave: Right. He views other people only in terms of how they can benefit him. That's the basis of all his social connections.
The Knave: Granted, he's hardly the only harbinger to pursue their own interests. We all do — and Her Majesty is gracious enough to permit it. Still, her mercy has its limits.
The Knave: Dottore's actions have gone beyond even what the Fatui could have imagined. Usurping divine authority to become a god? For a servant of the Tsaritsa, that goes beyond being disloyal. It's treason of the highest order.
The Knave: We can't expect him to heed the Tsaritsa's will once he gains the three moons' authority. Even we harbingers consider him the most self-interested among us.
Paimon: #Poor Traveler... of all the people to get caught by... We have to go save him, right now! Please, we gotta find a way!
Lauma: Paimon, I promise you, we are with you all the way.
Varka: I get how you feel. I do. But it's gonna take more than strong emotions to take down an enemy like Dottore. What we need now is more information.
Nefer: #Right. We can't even guarantee he's still at his research center. Before we can think about mounting a rescue operation, we need to confirm Traveler's location.
Nefer: ...I'll find a way.
Paimon: #Paimon knows... But, but... She's so scared... If anything happens to Traveler...
Paimon: #He might be the strongest person Paimon knows, but he's still human. He feels pain and bleeds just like anyone else...
Marionette: Then think things through before you stick your neck out! Unless you wanna lose your head!
The Knave: Sandrone.
Varka: Miss Sandrone. You're okay?
Marionette: Put the stuff over there. And be gentle with it.
Marionette: Am I okay! Huh! As you can see, I've had to move my whole livelihood out of the Experimental Design Bureau. It's been swallowed up by Dottore's energy field. If I'd left it any longer, I probably would've gotten stuck there.
Marionette: Ugh. Dottore always goes a little loco when he finds a shiny new toy — not that he'd ever admit that. But this time, he's gone full psycho.
Paimon: *sob*... *sniff*...
Marionette: ...Hmph.
Marionette: Just go ahead and cry already.
Paimon: Sorry... Paimon's not trying to make a scene, it's just, it's just... she can't... *sob*
Lauma: Oh, Paimon...
Nefer: Let it all out. There's no shame in it. When you're overwhelmed by fear and despair, crying can help get it out of your system. You'll feel better for it.
Marionette: Okay then. While the baby of the group is having a moment, how about the grown-ups get to work? Give me your hand.
The Knave: You've made a discovery?
Marionette: Pulonia, scan.
Pulonia: (Scans)
Marionette: ...
Marionette: You, hand. Now.
Flins: Oh, I thought you'd never ask, my lady.
Pulonia: (Scans)
Marionette: ...Curses!
Marionette: You're next, then you.
Black Screen Text: As Sandrone scans everyone who took part in the battle against Dottore, her face contorts with displeasure.
Marionette: Dottore, you son of a... He's done something to us! Everyone who entered his research center has been implanted with some sort of curse.
Flins: I don't feel anything unusual at the moment. Does that mean it hasn't activated yet? Is there a way to figure out its purpose and what might trigger it?
Marionette: My best guess is Dottore created it using the moon goddess's powers. One second, analyzing...
Marionette: Ugh! That frigging maniac!
The Knave: So. What twisted game is he playing this time?
Marionette: The moment I analyzed the energy composition, some encrypted text appeared in my mind's eye...
Marionette: And when I deciphered it according to the Fatui's standard encryption protocol, I got the following message... "Feel free to run. Or, you will perish in Nod-Krai."
Varka: He's mocking us.
Marionette: Yup. He loves to toy with people. Only in this case, there might be more to it.
Marionette: But I didn't detect any murderous intent or malice either in the message or the curse's energy... As if, this is him at his least malicious.
The Knave: Or perhaps all people are cowards in his eyes. Maybe he thinks the threat alone will be effective.
Nefer: #What a despicable person... and he has Traveler in his grasp.
The Knave: If I may... As unhinged as Dottore may be, he has always exercised great patience with the objects of his interest.
Marionette: #I remember a comment he made when we first arrived in Nod-Krai... He said, this world is, on the whole, an exceedingly dull place. But at least there are a few intriguing features — such as the gods, or Traveler.
Marionette: Presumably, they interest him because they're unknown quantities. He wants to understand as much as he can about them.
The Knave: #Agreed. Traveler is Teyvat's Fourth Descender — all harbingers are aware of this.
The Knave: #Since Dottore took such pains to capture Traveler, he is unlikely to kill him right away.
Paimon: ...Okay, but we still have to do that rescue operation!
Marionette: Of course. I also think we need to read between the lines with Dottore's message. If he's encouraging us to run, that means we mustn't leave Nod-Krai under any circumstances.
Marionette: My guess is, his curse will only trigger if we leave.
Durin: We've discovered multiple energy fields. Albedo is still attempting to analyze their structure. He told me to report back first.
Durin: Each field is slowly growing, swallowing up more of the surrounding area in the process. And the pace of their expansion has increased since we first examined them... He's probably trying to swallow Nod-Krai whole.
Varka: His nefarious ambition knows no bounds... If this continues, the whole of Teyvat will be in trouble, not just Nod-Krai.
Lauma: The loss of Columbina could not have come at a worse time... Do we... do we think she's truly gone for good?
Nefer: She entered the space beyond the Moon Gate, knowing what became of Rerir and Tholindis... I'm sorry, but... I fear the odds aren't good.
Marionette: Don't be ridiculous! If I know her, she's busy finding a way back as we speak just so she can annoy me. Hah, she isn't dead!
Flins: Whatever has become of her, the fact remains that we are two comrades short on the eve of a decisive battle.
Lauma: #We need to find out Traveler's location. But there is also other work to be done.
Varka: Agreed. Whatever Dottore's planning, we have to get the local populace somewhere safe. So as well as a rescue mission, we have to organize a mass evacuation at the same time.
Lauma: It would be best if someone could approach leaders of neighboring nations and negotiate emergency asylum for Nod-Krai's inhabitants. Can anyone handle that?
The Knave: Snezhnaya is one option. I'll see what I can do.
Paimon: #This'd be so much easier if Traveler was here... No, stop thinking like that, Paimon!
Paimon: #Paimon will join you! She's pretty well-connected thanks to Traveler. Maybe it'll come in handy...
Paimon: #Either way, that's what Traveler would do if he was here.

## Objective 18

(Continue exploring this space)


## Talk 19

(Continue exploring this space)

The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (Back here again...)
The Damselette: (That gravitational force that pulled me back... Is this where it came from?)
The Damselette: (When I saw that "memory" of Moon-Prayer Night... I think I influenced reality. Was it just a coincidence? Or...)
The Damselette: (If only I could've sent the others some kind of warning on Moon-Prayer Night... Maybe we could have stopped Dottore...)
The Damselette: (I feel... so heavy... Does entering that space consume a lot of energy?)
The Damselette: (Well, even so... I have to keep moving forward.)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (Back to emptiness and silence again... I should try and find my way back inside that memory...)

## Objective 20

(Find the entrance to the "memories")


## Objective 21

(Follow the power's guidance)


## Objective 22

(Touch the mysterious power)


## Objective 23

(Enter the world in the mirror)


## Objective 24

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Talk 25

(Explore the world in the mirror)

Paimon: So, what do we do next?
The Damselette: Wait! That voice... Paimon?
Lauma: The most important thing right now is to find that mage...
The Damselette: #Lauma, Traveler, and Mr. Varka are here too!
Varka: I'd better go pay the Fatui a visit...
The Damselette: #...Traveler!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Traveler: ...
Traveler: Columbina?
The Damselette: (...I made contact!)
The Damselette: It's me, Columbina!
Traveler: ...
Lauma: #Traveler?
Paimon: Let's go. This is no time to be spacing out.
Traveler: ...
The Damselette: (Huh? Wait a moment... This has happened before...)
The Damselette: ...!
The Damselette: (...This is what happened when I disappeared.)
The Damselette: (I stood right over there... thinking that no one would ever find me again.)
The Damselette: #(It was only when he called my name that I decided to follow them...)
The Damselette: #(But... did he turn around because he sensed my touch just now...?)
The Damselette: (Is it really possible that from in here, I can change the past?)
The Damselette: (If I keep following them, maybe... Huh?)
The Damselette: (It's that gravity again...!)
The Damselette: Ugh... Argh!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (Every time I influence reality within that space, this force intervenes and pulls me back...)
The Damselette: (It's as if... it's trying to stop me from leaving...)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I'm getting weaker and weaker...)
The Damselette: (I'll just have to try another approach next time...)
The Damselette: (Come on, Columbina. Keep going... You have to tell everyone what happened...)

## Objective 26

(Explore the world in the mirror)


## Objective 27

(Talk to The Doctor)


## Talk 28

(Talk to The Doctor)

Traveler: (...)
Traveler: (Suddenly, I've been plunged into darkness, alone.)
Traveler: (It feels strange... As if something has grabbed hold of me. Is Dottore now powerful enough to interfere with space itself?)
The Doctor: Look at you, standing so still in total silence. I almost didn't recognize you.
The Doctor: #Hello there, Traveler.
Traveler: (He seems to be in a good mood... Wait, what's that behind him?)
The Doctor: Ah, so you noticed. This is the completed Trilune — two primordial Moon Marrows and one artificial specimen.
The Doctor: You're wary of it. Good. Maintain that reverence.
The Doctor: You performed well in that recent battle. Brave and reckless, as always.
The Doctor: Courage is the sign of a true hero, and impulsiveness is the hallmark of those who strive to advance. I say this not to belittle you — most creatures are far more timid by comparison.
Traveler: (Three Moon Marrows? Does that mean... the artificial one is now complete too?)
The Doctor: Well spotted. What do you think? For a replica I built myself, I daresay it looks the part.
Traveler: ...Dottore. Are you planting illusions in my mind?
The Doctor: I have no interest in fooling your eyes. On the contrary, I hope to show you the true essence of all that you see before you.
The Doctor: Is this not a beautiful city? People live in peace and find joy in their work. The streets are safe — people can even leave their doors unlocked at night. You might say it is the Elysium everyone dreams of.
The Doctor: All available data indicates that your values and worldview conform with the mainstream. This kind of society should be quite to your taste.
Traveler: False beauty is deceitful. Lies are to no one's taste.
The Doctor: Hmm. I wonder, is it your moral standards that are too high? Or your expectations of reality?
The Doctor: Answer me this: If someone existed in a sweet dream from the moment they were born, a dream in which they never once felt pain, which do you think they would consider superior? The dream, or reality?
Traveler: That's pure sophistry. It has nothing to do with your actions!
The Doctor: Mmm. As I suspected. You have yet to understand all of this for what it really is.
Traveler: What do you want from me?
The Doctor: You sound impatient... Do you think the only reason I'm keeping you is because I want something from you?
Traveler: If it's not, then why haven't you killed me yet? No one can stop you if you're as powerful as a god.
The Doctor: I'm delighted that you recognize that fact.
The Doctor: I believe we last squared off in Sumeru. Ah, the memories... How time flies. You and I have both grown.
The Doctor: I'm not surprised that Arlecchino and Sandrone worked with you. You've always a way of slowly but surely ingratiating yourself with all levels of society.
The Doctor: People laud you as a hero, but I suspect there's more to it than that. Oh — but to be clear, I don't say that to flatter you.
Traveler: Do you always give your opponent an appraisal before you deal the final blow?
The Doctor: Call it a long-time habit. I'm a researcher, and one of my duties is to give an objective assessment of my subjects.
The Doctor: But you misunderstand. We are not opponents — not at this moment.
The Doctor: I just want to talk. Think back to Tartaglia, Arlecchino, Capitano, Columbina, and now, even Sandrone...
The Doctor: You've worked with each of them in the past. I believe you can work with me as well.
Traveler: What makes you so sure?
The Doctor: Well, why not? Should the good associate only with the good, and the bad befriend only the bad? I like to think we could have a more mature relationship than that.
The Doctor: Surely you don't think all your relationships are grounded in friendship or shared ideals? People come together because it benefits them to do so. If you think of the people you admire, you must surely admit that they have provided some benefit to you.
The Doctor: Morality, ambition, dreams... People have plenty of words to embellish the nature of their relationships. But once you break free from these ethical frameworks, you will see that the only thing connecting the two of you is mutual benefit.
The Doctor: And that is what I'd like to talk to you about.
Traveler: (We're finally getting into it. He's probably been planning to kidnap me for a long time now... but for what, exactly?)
Traveler: (He has the authority of all three moons... I won't be able to gain the upper hand in a fight. Best if I pretend that I'm willing to negotiate for now.)
Traveler: You say you're a god, but you also speak of "mutual benefit." What could a god want that the three moons cannot provide?
The Doctor: Excellent question. But before I answer, I would ask you the same thing.
The Doctor: Gaining Columbina's allegiance was a rare and extraordinary feat. But the Moon Marrows are now in my hands — and I have the edge over her, for this artificial moon is not being rejected by Teyvat.
The Doctor: Her identity and lineage may have been a thing of glory in the Old World, but they were also shackles that prevented her from ever integrating into Teyvat. I, on the other hand... You may view me as a thief, but I have overcome that limitation.
The Doctor: So what is it that the three moons cannot grant you? What stops you from negotiating with me to get what you want?
Traveler: I don't make deals with lying psychopaths.
The Doctor: That's quite an accusation. Are you expecting me to get angry with you? Hmm. Well, this is one aspect in which my personal growth has served me well.
The Doctor: In the past, my less mature self might have been disappointed — perhaps even angry — over a small setback like this. Like when you and Lesser Lord Kusanali joined forces to oppose me, for example.
The Doctor: But things are different now. Just as the rich do not quibble with the poor, I no longer find myself perturbed by these trivial affairs.
The Doctor: Humans relationships end with conflicts of emotions and interests. But relations between humans and gods are different, and ours is even more unique.
The Doctor: I have ascended to the highest heights and laid claim to unprecedented horizons, and you were no ordinary person to begin with.
The Doctor: Allow me to show you the world, Descender.

## Objective 29

(Follow The Doctor)


## Objective 30

(Follow The Doctor)


## Talk 31

(Follow The Doctor)

The Doctor: Someone of your talent and experience must surely know of the Four Great Rulers who serve the Heavenly Principles. They govern Life, Death, Time, and Space.
The Doctor: One wounded by a blade will die from blood loss or infection, and one who falls into a lake will drown in agony. The elderly wallow in solitude, and the solitary age faster. Eventually, new life is born, only to embark on the same path of suffering.
The Doctor: These four divisions anchor the world and shackle those who live in it. But they themselves transcend its boundaries, squandering the power bestowed by the heavens.
The Doctor: All who live yearn for equality, but unless the gods prostrate themselves and profess that they are mere servants of the living, equality can never exist.
The Doctor: Who makes the rules we must live by? Who has the right to restrict us?

## Objective 32

(Defeat the opponent(s) before you)


## Objective 33

(Follow The Doctor)


## Objective 34

(Follow The Doctor)


## Objective 35

(Follow The Doctor)


## Objective 36

(Follow The Doctor)


## Talk 37

(Follow The Doctor)

The Doctor: You know, I heard recently that a group of critics reviewed countless stories and drew an interesting conclusion: They found that it is more often than not the villains who strive tirelessly to push the boundaries of progress.
The Doctor: In fact, long before this, someone voiced a similar idea in an Akademiya editorial. I felt a great affinity with this perspective. I have never been afraid to step up and play the role of the villain.
The Doctor: Fanatics are trampled down for their transgressions, and those who transcend are rebuked for their audacity. And so, the majority of creatures are too timid to follow my lead.
The Doctor: But all sacrifices made during my experiments have been worthwhile, as you can now see. I can offer you something new, something unique, precisely because I am a villain.
The Doctor: Think about it. We are eternally bound through mutual interest. Can you truly say you would never turn to malice if it could give you the life you dream of?
The Doctor: After all, what value do perfection and purity really have? They are fragile and feeble things. Utterly tedious.
The Doctor: I say, better to be governed by a flawed humanity than a Gnosis. The true seeker of knowledge is the villain who undergoes countless tribulations in pursuit of their goal.
The Doctor: I'm sure many people have told you that you're different.
Traveler: ...Because I'm a Descender?
The Doctor: Exactly. Very clever.
Traveler: But what has that got to do with you?
The Doctor: I do not conceal my wicked deeds, my selfish desires, or my greed. A true researcher must act as I do if they are to understand and speak of the truth.
The Doctor: And yet, a knowledge-seeker like myself will inevitably grow tired of studying Teyvat beyond a point.
The Doctor: You have traveled to all corners of the world and met many people. Along the way, there have been moments when you were misunderstood, or even became a wanted criminal, and all the while, you have spent your days doing some of the most mundane jobs in the world.
The Doctor: You fight and toil, claim minuscule rewards from my friend Panta{RUBY#[D]Regrator}lone, then you fight some more, winning some battles and losing others as your search goes on. And this cycle continues with no end in sight...
The Doctor: Surely, you must sometimes grow weary of being stuck in this same loop day after day?
Traveler: We're completely different. I embrace everything that life throws at me. I am engaged in every step of my journey.
The Doctor: How does that make us different? I, too, embrace what life brings, researching everything that interests me.
The Doctor: Think of all the novel things I've managed to create — like the artificial Moon Marrow. Don't you see? As unique a specimen as she was, even Columbina is not irreplaceable.
Traveler: Take that back! She's gone because of your actions!
The Doctor: I didn't say that to anger you. Though admittedly, I don't see what there is to be angry about. Anything Columbina could do for you, I can do better.
The Doctor: #I know what your ultimate goal is. You wish to walk the path your sister walked, and seek answers from her at the end of that journey, don't you?
Traveler: #Someone like you could never understand what it feels like to care about another person the way I care about her.
The Doctor: #Perhaps not. But that doesn't mean I can't help. I could find your sister right now, bring her before you, and make her give you the answers you seek.
Traveler: Don't be so presumptuous. You'll never begin to understand the situation between us!
The Doctor: Oh no, this is no presumption. I'm only offering what I know is possible with the power of the Trilune.
The Doctor: But it seems like you would sooner continue with your journey through this world... Why?
The Doctor: Do you truly desire this journey? Or is it simply a necessary process from which you cannot escape?
The Doctor: Think of all the time and energy you have spent, everything you've had to endure just to make it this far. Is this really what you want? Or has your hand been forced by the promise of that final answer?
The Doctor: Yes, you have made many friends, but do they ever spare a thought for the void in your heart and what it yearns for?
The Doctor: What you want is not friends — it is family. But do they know this?
The Doctor: I, on the other hand, am far more considerate. Join my experiment, and in return, I will bring your meaningless journey and all its struggles to an end.
Traveler: (...This is a malicious attempt to manipulate me. But at the same time, he's stating some very human truths.)
Traveler: (Of course he's right about my predicament. How can I deny it? I have faced ungrateful strangers, never-ending troubles, an endless quest for answers...)
Traveler: #(I want to see her. After everything I've been through, words can't describe how much I miss her, how much I want to be reunited with her.)
Traveler: (Wherever you are right now... Do you miss me, too?)

## Objective 38

(Follow The Doctor)


## Objective 39

(Talk to your companions)


## Talk 40

(Talk to your companions)

Varka: Alright, everyone. Our next mission is clear: We need to contact all the major organizations, explain the situation to the public, and then begin the evacuation.
The Knave: The residents of Nod-Krai are quite dispersed. The two most populated areas are the Southern Isles and Piramida.
The Knave: Miss Lauma, I will leave Hiisi Island and Nasha Town in your hands. I will liaise with the Fatui and Piramida.
Lauma: Agreed.
Lauma: We will reach out to Natlan and Snezhnaya. Anyone found north of the Experimental Design Bureau should follow the Fatui to Snezhnaya.
Lauma: As for those dwelling south of that line, I will ask the Voynich Guild to help persuade them to leave. Then I, Mr. Varka, and the Frostmoon Scions will escort them to Natlan.
Nefer: The Voynich Guild has dealings with the Curatorium of Secrets. I will send them a letter vouching for your credibility.
Nefer: Jahoda, you should help Lauma. This is too big of a task for one person.
Lauma: My wish has come true... You're willingly lending me your most capable employee for the day.
Nefer: Well, good for you if all this only takes a day. Of course, if it takes any longer, I'll be charging a fee.
Jahoda: Boss, wait! Don't I get a say in this?
Nefer: Oh, I'm sorry. Something to add, Jahoda?
Jahoda: Well... No one's more important to me than you, Boss. And remember how Lauma healed your eyes after that big battle? I think that's worth at least two or three days' work for the Frostmoon Scions.
Nefer: ...Are you completely incapable of acting in your own self-interest? Or do you simply devalue your own labor?
Jahoda: Are you sure you don't wanna come with us?
Nefer: Who will see to our other work if we're all busy evacuating residents? Sandrone insists that Columbina is still alive, and we have a Traveler to rescue. There's much to be done.
Jahoda: But Boss... I'm just worried that...
Lauma: Well, Nefer, I'll link up with you once my tasks are complete.
Nefer: What makes you think I'd need you to do that?
Lauma: I'll need it. And considering the way you approach certain matters, I think you'll be better off with me present.
Nefer: That's quite enough. Just focus on your work first.
Aino: I bet we're in for an uphill battle here... But we can help out, too! Ineffa and I are gonna help Nasha Town's residents carry their stuff.
Ineffa: Loading schedule: Store essential local research data and technology samples, then, escort the people to Natlan.
Ineffa: Understood. I will execute this to the best of my abilities.
Varka: Great stuff. Thank you, ladies.
Flins: I've contacted the Lightkeepers. A colleague of mine will join us shortly. I will persuade them to conduct a thorough search of the region to ensure that no civilians get left behind.
Dori: As for me... I guess I'll be making an early return to Sumeru.
Dori: I think it's important that someone informs the Dendro Archon of what's going on in Nod-Krai.
Varka: Roger that. Someone should inform Mondstadt, too. Mr. Durin, can I trust you to handle that? I think you fly faster than any of us can run.
Varka: As an added incentive — get there fast enough, and I'll see about getting your gliding exam waived.
Durin: Really? Mission accepted, Sir!
Albedo: I intend to stay behind and help Miss Sandrone with her research. She has some alchemy-related questions that she'd like me to explore.
The Knave: She recognizes your expertise, then. I wish you a fruitful collaboration.
Albedo: Thank you. In truth, I was surprised to hear her express an interest in subject matter outside of machines.
The Knave: I believe she has been investigating some Fontainian technology recently. She made a point of bringing the relevant materials with her when she left the Experimental Design Bureau. She's sorting through everything in her room as we speak.
Albedo: I should mention that we have one other friend who isn't present. He hasn't made his position in all of this clear, but if we know anything about him, he's likely investigating on his own.
Lauma: #Paimon's been very quiet today... But I know how close she and Traveler are with the Natlanese. She should come with us to the border.
Paimon: Okay! Paimon'll do her best!
Varka: Make sure to heed Sandrone's warning. Many of us have been cursed by Dottore. As such, under no circumstances should anyone cross national borders. Remain within Nod-Krai.
Varka: That aside — personally, I have faith in Columbina... Things look grim, sure, but who knows how it'll play out?
Varka: #Same goes for rescuing Traveler. Both of them are important allies and friends. We'll be counting on you to gather intel on them, Miss Nefer.
Nicole (???): Ah, wonderful. You're all here.
Paimon: That voice again... Nicole?
Aino: Whoa, that was loud. And it came out of nowhere... So mysterious.
Nicole: Sorry, this is the only way I can speak to you all right now. Please accept my apology... Anyway, time is short. I'll cut to the chase.
Nicole: We're still facing quite a catastrophe here at the world's borders. Alice has roped in every Hexenzirkel member she can get a hold of — except for me. She told me I had to come and help you all out as a matter of urgency.
Nicole: I quote: "You love talking, don't you? Well, now it's finally your time to shine! Take these — make sure the whole party gets one each. You'll be in charge of making sure everyone stays connected."
Paimon: Huh? Is this... a Dodocommunication Device?
Ineffa: Scanning... Unknown device... Analyzing... Unknown device... Conclusion: Cute...
Ineffa: Affirmative. It is cute and good. I believe that I quite like it.
Nicole: This is no ordinary Dodocommunication Device! It's my very own special modified version! Specifically... Ah, sorry — I almost went off on another tangent there. Anyway, help yourselves.
Nicole: It will allow us to communicate over long-distances within Nod-Krai. No more worrying about shuttling messages back and forth.
Albedo: What astounding technology... Am I right in assuming that it relies on your personal abilities to function, Miss Nicole?
Nicole: Yes, exactly! Right on cue, Albedo. Ah, I'd love to brag to you all about how it all works... But no. Next time, next time. Anyway, I'll be right with you all, serving as a communication hub.
Nicole: That's all from me. Head off as soon as you're ready. I'll be staying here to keep watch... and I'll be sending you my blessings.

## Objective 41

(Go to the place agreed upon with the Lightkeepers)


## Talk 42

(Go to the place agreed upon with the Lightkeepers)

Illuga (???): ...
Illuga (???): Ah, Sir Flins. Perfect timing. I just arrived myself.
Flins: You are most considerate, Master Illuga. But in fact, I know you have been sitting here for quite some time.
Illuga: ...If you saw me, why didn't you say something?
Flins: I was curious to see how long you could sit still for. Also, shouldn't you have managed to sense me approaching?
Illuga: That would be a first. You always seem to appear out of thin air without making a peep.
Illuga: Also, how many times do I have to tell you not to address me as "Master"? I don't qualify.
Flins: I beg to differ. Why should a young man so well-versed in social graces as yourself not be worthy of that title?
Illuga: Please Lord Flins— Uh, Sir Flins! I'm begging you, don't flatter me into complacency like you do with everyone else!
Flins: You understand me better than most. My newest acquaintances tell me I love complimenting others... What do you think?
Illuga: I think they don't understand why you do it. You just love puffing people up till they're a big, happy ball of hot air that floats away into the sky.
Flins: In all sincerity, I can only hope that they bring good tidings when they come back down to earth.
Illuga: Is the situation that bad?
Flins: We just held a strategy meeting. Let me fill you in...
Black Screen Text: Flins recounts the meeting and the action plan to Illuga.
Illuga: ...In short, we need everyone gone from Piramida. We also need a team of Lightkeepers to scour the more remote regions of Nod-Krai for civilians to evacuate.
Flins: I only hope we have enough personnel.
Illuga: We do. Old Man Nikita will definitely help, and we can recall anyone out on patrol to focus on this instead.
Flins: Good. I'm sure you and the others will make short work of this. Now, don't forget — once you've completed this task, make sure you and the rest of the team evacuate to either Snezhnaya or Natlan as well.
Illuga: Um... Flins?
Flins: ...
Flins: If you've got something to say, Master Illuga, why not guess what I'm thinking right now?
Illuga: You mentioned that you have... something else to deal with later.
Illuga: How... how difficult is it going to be?
Flins: I doubt it will be easy.
Illuga: I know you're a Lightkeeper, and it's your duty to protect others in times of crisis. But I have a feeling that you'll be walking into grave danger...
Illuga: However bad things have gotten in the past, Nod-Krai has never faced a mass evacuation before. But from the sounds of it, you don't intend to come with us.
Illuga: ...I don't mean to pry, and it's probably none of my business. But whatever it is you're intending... you don't have to go through with it, you know.
Flins: I've been afflicted with some sort of curse, and I'm told it may well trigger if I set foot outside of Nod-Krai. As such, I cannot leave. I have to act, if for no other reason than to fight this curse.
Illuga: What!? N—No... Why? Why would anyone want to curse you?
Flins: There are plenty of people out there willing to trample over others in pursuit of their own goals.
Illuga: ...I...
Illuga: Frankly, Sir Flins, I am furious. You're making light of what is an incredibly serious situation.
Flins: Indeed, I am. And?
Illuga: And what? I told you, I'm furious about this!
Flins: Hm. Nothing I can do about it, I'm afraid. Things happen, and we just have to deal with them. If you find yourself feeling angry, perhaps start by drinking a big glass of water?
Illuga: Hey! You mean you're completely unmoved by my anger? I'm devastated!
Flins: Then allow me to express my sincerest regret. Come by the lighthouse sometime. We'll catch ourselves a few fish, have a little barbecue, play some cards and bask in the sun.
Illuga: ...
Illuga: Maybe I need to spell this out. Um, lean in a little, Flins.
Flins: Oh my, this doesn't bode well...
Illuga: Word is that you were caught up in a real horror show recently. People were amazed that you returned safe and sound... They've been debating whether you're even human.
Flins: I've returned safe and sound from plenty of crises. When you say "people," do you mean other people, or do you just mean you?
Illuga: ...Fine. I'll be frank. You're not human, are you?
Flins: Hahaha... Heavens, now that's a horrifying thought.
Illuga: ...You know what? Forget it! We'll revisit this once it's all over.
Flins: A sound plan — albeit a little ominous-sounding.
Illuga: ...Just promise me you'll come back in one piece, alright?
Flins: Hah. For you, Master Illuga, how could I refuse?
Flins: Also, please pass my regards onto our colleagues. Tell them, "Thank you all for your assistance. Please, put safety first as you proceed with the operation."

## Objective 43

(Continue exploring this space)


## Objective 44

(Find the entrance to the "memories")


## Objective 45

(Enter the world in the mirror)


## Talk 46 (alternative/additional)

(Enter the world in the mirror)

Nefer: ...
Nefer: Nothing here either...
Nefer: Hmm? Flins?
Flins: Ah, Miss Nefer.
Nefer: What are you doing here? Unless...
Flins: I just spoke with Illuga about arrangements for the search, and came for a walk nearby.
Flins: As for you, why would... Huh. It appears we think along similar lines. And neither of us likes to accept things at face value.
Nefer: #As well as figuring out how to gather intel on Traveler, I wanted to confirm some of my own suspicions.
Nefer: #Also, we'll need to bring a lot of force to bear against Dottore, even if we're only looking to rescue Traveler. We can't leave anything to chance.
Nefer: You don't think Columbina perished either, do you?
Flins: I'm merely considering the possibility that she survived, just as you are. How much can we really know about a deity like her, anyway?
Nefer: Do you remember what she said on Moon-Prayer Night? About using moonlight to send messages to us?
Flins: Of course. I think that's why we're both here.
Nefer: Where have you checked so far?
Flins: I've been focusing on the outdoors — anywhere the moonlight shines. I checked most of Nasha Town, but didn't find anything.
Nefer: I checked the Curatorium of Secrets, and a few rooms where I thought I might find some leads. But no luck here either.
Nefer: The only places I haven't looked yet are the rooms in The Flagship.
Nefer: But process of elimination isn't the only thing that brought me here.
Flins: Oh really? What's your other reason?
Nefer: ...
Paimon: After all that buildup, our mystery ally never showed up even once!
The Damselette (Sound): (A noise is coming from indoors)
Nefer: ...Huh?
Nefer: ...Am I imagining things?
The Damselette (Sound): (A noise is coming from indoors)
Nefer: ...! Come on, let's see what's going on.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (...Oh no. I knocked over a vase as soon as I came in. It must have been caused by a kuuvahki fluctuation when I entered the space.)
The Damselette: (Although... It seems like I'm not about to be pulled away this time...)
The Damselette: (It looks like as long as I'm careful with my actions, it doesn't count as "influencing" reality.)
The Damselette: #(Anyway... Is this The Flagship? Traveler mentioned that's where he was staying.)
The Damselette: (I only went into the lobby last time, so I've never actually been here before... How does this space work?)
The Damselette: (...If nothing else, I can now be sure that it is not simply "memory.")
The Damselette: #(He mentioned where his room was. I think it's... this one...)
The Damselette: (The door is closed... but if this is anything like when I disappeared, then maybe...)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (...! I'm in.)
The Damselette: #(He and Paimon aren't here at the moment...)
The Damselette: #(I hope he's okay... I wonder what happened to him after that battle with Dottore?)
The Damselette: (... Best not to dwell on that for now. I need to try and leave them some clues.)
The Damselette: #Please, Traveler... I really hope you find this...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Nefer: ...Huh. Just a cat.
Cat: Meow...
Flins: Hmm... Nothing else here strikes me as noteworthy.
Nefer: Didn't you stay here for a couple of nights once?
Flins: #Before Rerir showed himself, yes. It's also where Traveler and I first met.
Nefer: Did you notice anything unusual during your stay?
Flins: I remember thinking how much noisier The Flagship is at night compared to the graveyard. Other than that, no.
Flins: #Traveler and Paimon were most congenial neighbors.
Nefer: This is where they've been staying, yes? Over here?
Flins: That's right.
Nefer: I wouldn't usually condone breaking and entering... But we can make it up to them later.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: (Focus now... I have to write a message on the wall using kuuvahki, just like I said on Moon-Prayer Night...)
The Damselette: ...Simply open your windows on nights when the moon shines bright, and the moonlight will naturally flow towards the words I have written.
The Damselette: (Here goes... I'll need to carefully control my strength...)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: #(Hmm? There's a noise outside the door... Is he back?)
Traveler (Room Door): ...
The Damselette: (Please, you have to see these words...)

## Talk 46

(Enter the world in the mirror)

Nefer: ...
Nefer: Well? Do you sense anything?
Flins: Unfortunately, no.
Nefer: *sigh* And this place was our last chance...
Flins: Not necessarily. We've only looked in Nasha Town so far.
Flins: Miss Columbina said she would leave messages at her friends' dwellings. It's still worth checking where Miss Lauma lives, and where I live.
Nefer: Mm... Let's try and make some time to look into those then.
Nefer: ...
Nefer: Wait...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Traveler: Hmm? What are you waiting for?
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon might've... overeaten slightly...
Traveler: ...
Paimon: Wh—What's that look for? This is a victory feast! It's normal to eat a little more than usual!
The Damselette: #(Traveler and Paimon! It's really you!)
The Damselette: (But... Why are they talking about a victory feast?)
Paimon: You worried Paimon sick while you were out there fighting Rerir! So this is your chance to make it up to her, alright?
The Damselette: (...Wait... So this is the night after the battle against Rerir?)
The Damselette: (How did I end up here? That's quite a long time ago now...)
The Damselette: Wait. Time...
The Damselette: (That's it. Every time I've entered "reality" within this space, it's been at an earlier point in time...)
The Damselette: (Every one of those points has been before I fell into the moon's reflection...)
The Damselette: (And everything I've done to affect reality really did happen in the past...)
The Damselette: (Does this mean that... within the moon's reflection, time flows backwards? Starting from the moment I fell in?)
Paimon: Not long till Moon-Prayer Night now. It's gonna be even livelier than tonight!
Paimon: Although... It's gonna be sad saying goodbye to The Damselette... She seems like a really nice person!
The Damselette: Paimon...
The Damselette: (No, I can't. Even if I make contact, they probably won't understand what's going on...)
The Damselette: (And in any case, I'll likely get pulled away again if I do...)
The Damselette: (Instead, I have to find a way to get them to notice what I've written using the moonlight...)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (Wait... Even I hadn't thought of doing that before Moon-Prayer Night. They'd never conceive of that possibility.)
The Damselette: Is there truly no other way...?
Traveler: ...Don't lose heart. We'll find a way somehow.
The Damselette: ...Huh?
Paimon: You say that, but the Frost Moon is beyond the false sky...
Paimon: If we wanted to go visit her, how would we make it through to the other side?
Traveler: We might not have all the answers now. But I'm sure we'll find a way one day.
Paimon: Heh. Guess someone's gotta be the optimist.
The Damselette: The present... The future...
The Damselette: (That's right... There are still things I can do...)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Flins: What's your plan?
Nefer: ...
Nefer: Flins, when you were staying next door, did you ever open the window?
Flins: No. The rooms here are dark and damp, and there's such a buildup of dust on the windows that the moonlight can't even get in. I didn't think it was worth the trouble.
Nefer: The moonlight...
Flins: Ah... I think I see where you're going.
Flins: One moment. I'll see if the owner is available...
Nefer: Don't bother.
Nefer: Time is of the essence.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: (Time...)
The Damselette: (Even if no one sees what I've written at this moment, maybe someone will remember what I said after Moon-Prayer Night...)
The Damselette: (I need to write down as much information as I can... And maybe one day...)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Nefer: ...!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...?
Paimon: Huh? What's up with you? You can't even hold your cup steady. Are you getting tired?
Traveler: A little...
Paimon: Well, you should probably hit the hay then. You've had a really tough couple of days for you...
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: #...You truly have, Traveler.
The Damselette: You helped defeat Rerir, helped me reclaim my name... and you helped the others organize Moon-Prayer Night...
The Damselette: Wherever you are right now, I'm sure you're still fighting against the injustices of fate...
The Damselette: (This is all I can leave for them...)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: How I wish I could stay here.
The Damselette: But... it's time for me to go.
The Damselette: I hope to see you again... in the next time.
The Damselette: And if the opportunity presents itself...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Nefer: "...I will surely return to your side."
Flins: ...
Nefer: Columbina... She's alive...
Flins: Not only that, but she's left us an entire wall's worth of clues...
Flins: She even wrote down what would happen on Moon-Prayer Night. It's just a shame we found it too late.
Nefer: "I am here..."
Nefer: "Time in this place flows backwards..."
Nefer: "I am constantly moving forward..."
Flins: It sounds like she's found a way to influence the past using kuuvahki.
Flins: But her future is our past...
Nefer: So these words have been here ever since we defeated the Rächer of Solnari... We just never discovered them...
Nefer: Heh. "Which came first — the chicken or the egg?" Do you ever mull over questions like that?
Flins: Only when I'm in a good mood and at leisure.
Nefer: Well, I never do.
Nefer: Everything that has happened already belongs to the realm of fact.
Nefer: As a businessperson, and especially an intel broker, what I do is extrapolate from those facts to try and read the future.
Flins: An admirable philosophy.
Nefer: It's a means of survival.
Nefer: Let's go. We have a wall's worth of clues to share with the others.

## Objective 47

(Enter the world in the mirror)


## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

The Damselette (Columbina): Emptiness... Silence... What is this place?
The Damselette (Columbina): Or maybe the real question is... What is it for?

### Free Talk 2

The Damselette (Columbina): Hmm? What's this?
The Damselette (Columbina): Looks like it responds to my power...

### Free Talk 3

The Damselette (Columbina): Golden... Like kuuvahki. Is it some sort of guide? And... why does it feel so familiar?
The Damselette (Columbina): I might as well follow it.

### Free Talk 4

The Damselette (Columbina): Where does this lead? Could it be the exit?

### Free Talk 5

Limppu: Welcome home, Moon Goddess.
The Damselette (Columbina): ...!
The Damselette (Columbina): (Is this... Nasha Town? But isn't Moon-Prayer Night over already?)

### Free Talk 6

Barbeloth: Welcome home, Moon Goddess.
Barbeloth: Oh? You're the genuine article. Alice was right. This Moon-Prayer Night was worth watching after all.
The Damselette (Columbina): (Oh... Yes, that was the fortune-telling stall run by Barbeloth from the Hexenzirkel...)

### Free Talk 7

The Damselette (Columbina): The entrance from last time isn't showing up... What am I missing?

### Free Talk 8

The Damselette (Columbina): It worked!
The Damselette (Columbina): (Hopefully, I can stay inside for a bit longer this time...)

### Free Talk 9

Katheryne: Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.
The Damselette (Columbina): What? This doesn't look like Moon-Prayer Night...

### Free Talk 10

Alida: Extra, extra! Get the latest Nasha Express here!
The Damselette (Columbina): (I don't think I've ever been here... Maybe this space isn't comprised of my memories after all...)
The Damselette (Columbina): (There aren't any festive decorations around. Is this Nasha Town after Moon-Prayer Night ended?)

### Free Talk 11

The Damselette (Columbina): (Did Dottore's plan not affect the town? Or is no one aware of what happened because he used the three moons' authority?)
The Damselette (Columbina): (Let me see if I can influence anyone else...)

### Free Talk 12

The Doctor: To stand, walk, jump, sit, and lie down. These are the most common of behaviors.
[Missing Dialog 60229926]

### Free Talk 13

The Doctor: The limits of the body can be rejected.

### Free Talk 14

The Doctor: How does it feel to be among those with absolute power?

### Free Talk 15

The Doctor: You cannot conceive the extent to which your flesh hinders your mind and spirit.

### Free Talk 16

The Damselette (Columbina): I have to keep searching for a path toward reality...

### Free Talk 17

The Damselette (Columbina): (This should do it...)
The Damselette (Columbina): (The last two times I tried to influence reality in this space, it consumed a lot of kuuvahki...)
The Damselette (Columbina): (I'll try and be more careful this time. I need to leave key clues behind using less power...)
The Damselette (Columbina): I hope everyone still remembers what I said on Moon-Prayer Night...

### Free Talk 18

The Doctor: Have you ever wondered why we were born following such laws? Who stipulated that we could not fly instead of walk?