(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act VII A Traveler on a Winter's Night)

# Tracing the Footsteps of the Past

Beneath the moon's watchful light, everyone is marching to the conclusions of their own stories...


## Talk 2

Marionette: Aaagh!!!
Albedo: It appears that The Doctor's energy signature has changed to something similar to kuuvahki — but not like the kuuvahki we're used to.
Albedo: Nod-Krai's kuuvahki devices will only have a limited effect on it. I can see why you've chosen to place your hopes in alchemy instead.
Albedo: Also... I must say, these books are rather profound...
Marionette: My subordinates just shipped them in from Fontaine. Some of them are from the Narzissenkreuz Ordo, some are incident reports from Petrichor, and then there's a few test reports for these junk machines. Heh.
Marionette: Additionally, after some further scanning I've discovered something extremely annoying.
Albedo: What's that?
Marionette: Teyvat's skies contain multiple moons. A long time ago, when I did my first scan, I detected three — just as the legends say.
Marionette: But when I checked again just now, I detected four moons.
Albedo: So there's one extra?
Marionette: Yeah. Originally, I thought that if I could still find three moons, that would at least mean Columbina's still alive.
Marionette: But then it occurred to me that apart from the Frost Moon, Teyvat's moons are just husks.
Marionette: And husks surely shouldn't show up in the scan, since they're not alive.
Marionette: It's weird, isn't it? If we can't even distinguish between a dead and a living moon, how are we supposed to know whether a Moon Goddess is still alive?
Marionette: ...Or does this mean that the Moon Marrows are equivalent to the moons themselves?
Albedo: It's certainly possible. In which case, the fourth moon you detected may be Dottore's artificial creation.
Marionette: So he wasn't bluffing. He really built his own Moon Marrow... Ugh, I'm so mad right now.
Albedo: It's easy to get overwhelmed when you have too much on your plate. Maybe you need to relax? Perhaps try going for a walk, or simply take a few deep breaths.
Marionette: Nothing can calm me down at a time like this. I need more time, and I need progress.
Dodocommunication Device: Dodo! Dodo! Dodoco!
Albedo: Hmm? It's Mr. Flins.
Marionette: I really hate that ringing noise... Ugh! First the Four Orthants of the Narzissenkreuz, then Moon Marrows... Now what!?
Flins: Oh, sorry if we're disturbing you. Might I ask what's troubling you?
Marionette: What do you want? We're busy.
Flins: Are you still at the Curatorium of Secrets?
Marionette: Uh, yeah? Look, everyone else is still out, so there's no hurry. Plus, I'm busy, so I would appreciate if you gave me some space.
Nefer: Even though we have crucial intel to share?
Marionette: ...Hmph. Fine, I'm listening.
Albedo: Do you intend to share it via the Dodocommunication Device?
Nefer: Ordinarily I would, but this is a unique situation. I think it's best that we discuss it in person. See you at the Curatorium.
Marionette: Alright then. So what's the situation?
Flins: The rest of the team is still out working on their missions and evacuations, but we've decided to fill you in on the most crucial information first.
Nefer: Sandrone, you were right... Columbina is most likely still alive.
Marionette: ...!
Albedo: That's the best news we've received in a while, by a long way.
Black Screen Text: Flins and Nefer share the information they found, and what they think it implies...
Marionette: Random locations... appearing in reverse order? Are you serious? Ugh. So not dying isn't enough for the Moon Goddess, huh? She has to show off too?
Marionette: Anyway, does this mean we can deduce her condition from the Moon Marrows?
Albedo: Miss Sandrone, there's nothing wrong with simply admitting that you're happy to hear the good news.
Marionette: I'm not! And she's the least of our problems! We're facing a huge crisis.
Marionette: If she can't control the flow of time in there, she's just gonna keep moving backwards. Different points in time won't intersect, and she'll never find a way out.
Albedo: Let's say life begins with a drop of water... When did time begin? The moment this planet came into being?
Albedo: No, that's not right. Her final destination would be the moment at which the space she is in was created.
Nefer: But it doesn't seem like we can influence that space from the outside world. So, how can we help her?
Nefer: Also, if she's alive, Rerir and Tholindis might be too — but as far as we know, neither of them have come back out... That space may not have an exit at all.
Flins: I'm afraid I must concur with Miss Nefer in this.
Marionette: Tch...
Marionette: Can't exactly argue with that. Let's leave it there for now — I've taken notes on everything you said.
Albedo: Will it help with your research?
Marionette: I doubt it's gonna help with breaking Dottore's energy fields. But who knows when it might come in handy? Better to have it all written down than try to remember everything when I need it.
Marionette: Alright, I need to get back to my research. Mr. Albedo has made a lot of suggestions that will require my undivided attention.
Nefer: Sure. I'll stay here. I have things to work on.
Nefer: Paimon, are you there?
Nefer: #Oh, right — she went with Varka to Natlan, didn't she? Good thing we've moved her and Traveler's luggage in here.
Nefer: ...
Nefer: #Speaking of Traveler... where could they be...?
Nefer: Hmm? There's a note... from Paimon?
Paimon (A Note): #Paimon here. Not in at the moment, but if anyone needs to borrow her stuff, or Traveler's, go ahead and help yourself. Paimon won't be mad!
Paimon (A Note): #Also, Traveler: If you get back before Paimon, make sure to get some rest. Paimon misses you a lot, but put your health first, alright?
Nefer: Hah. How sweet.
Nefer: Well, since you offered, Paimon, don't mind if I do...
Nefer: #(This is Traveler and Paimon's luggage. All the items they use day-to-day are here.)
Nefer: (It's well organized. I wonder which of them is responsible for that?)
Nefer: What do we have here?
Nefer (Observe Luggage): (Among the daily necessities, there's a photo.)
Nefer: (The Kamera captured a special moment that can only occur between people who are close to one another.)
Nefer: (You can really sense how the photographer feels about their subject. I wonder why this picture was placed outside? Is it because Paimon recently looked at it?)
Nefer: ...
Nefer (Observe Luggage): #(There's also a thick Adventure Handbook in here — a record of Traveler's achievements and memories in Teyvat.)
Nefer: #This must belong to Traveler... Perfect. I'll use this.
Nefer: (Hang in there. We'll find you.)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)

## Talk 6 (alternative/additional)

Traveler: Missing text (0)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): *Keyword "world-formula" located.*
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Irrelevant engineering blueprint. Keyword not located.

## Talk 7

Marionette: Let's see, this one is... "Automnequi Sermon Dictation: Concerning the Apocalypse."
Marionette: "I believe that the correct term for this is 'Fortuna.' This was an ancient Remurian technology, a wisdom unparalleled."
Marionette: "...I never imagined that Remurian ideas would be so similar to the diagram I have named the 'world-formula.' This is strong evidence that..."
Marionette: "Human civilization should gradually shed possibilities as it continues to explore and evolve... The end of humankind may well be upon us right now..."
Marionette: "The sparks of civilization shall run out unless we consider introducing variables from outside the system."
Marionette: "Variables"? Surely that can only mean one thing?
Marionette: ...Descenders?
Marionette: #Dottore likely captured Traveler because of his Descender status. But the three moons' authority comes from the world itself. Why would Dottore need anything beyond that?
Marionette: ...Where does this "variable" factor in? The world-formula calculates the fate of an entire world. Introducing a variable would therefore give us...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: ...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)

## Talk 10 (alternative/additional)

Traveler: Missing text (0)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): *Keyword "pathway" located.*
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.

## Talk 11

Marionette: "Automnequi Sermon Dictation: Explications on the Chymical Marriage"... These titles are pretty esoteric...
Marionette: "Observe and compute the pathway displayed in the guidance diagram. Deconstructing and reversing its effects could generate potential ideas..."
Marionette: So it's one of Rene's draft lectures? Deconstructing the pathway... Hmm, I suppose that could lead to a breakthrough.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: ...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: Ugh, this is so long... This guy sure loves showing off his knowledge!

## Talk 14 (alternative/additional)

Traveler: Missing text (0)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): *Keyword "tree model" located.*
    Option 3:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 4:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Keyword not located.
    Option 5:
        Traveler: Scan
        Traveler (Pulonia): Irrelevant mechanical blueprint. Keyword not located.

## Talk 15

Marionette: "Most of the experimental devices proposed by the Liliacruces Ordo are built based on the simple and basic logical structure of a tree model..."
Marionette: Liliacruces... Guess they were trying to cover up the name of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo?
Marionette: "When Duke St. Germanus departed, he said, 'It seems that there's no going back.' Alas, he is only a genius when it comes to machines..."
Marionette: "In all other things, he is but ordinary." ... Excuse me? I'm sorry, that's just ridiculous. What kind of book is this?
Marionette: "Great Detective Hurlock: The Alchemist and the Clockwork Saint"!? Isn't this a novel? Come on...
Marionette: Still, the author swears that they knew Rene well... Whatever. I guess it's not beyond the realms of possibility that Rene would say nonsense like that on occasion.
Marionette: Memory, wishes, souls, and persona... Frankly, this sounds more like occultism, but if Albedo vouches for it, I suppose there must be some alchemical basis to these techniques.
Marionette: The way Alain Guillotin saw it, the world was comprised of machines. The universe needed machines, and thus his technologies were created. That's why I was born.
Marionette: Rene... His full name was Rene de Petrichor, if I recall correctly. Sounds like he and the town must be intricately connected.
Marionette: That place was also the source of most of our information regarding Remurian civilization. Seems like some of his projects were based on their technology.
Marionette: The cutting of souls and storing them in vessels... These seemingly unrelated techniques underpinned Rene's research. Assuming that the Four Orthants correspond to alchemical categories...
Marionette: The Chymical Marriage model? Alain would've scoffed at that. He never would have let those theories or parameters anywhere near his mathematical formulas.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: ...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: What was Alain's view on Rene? I know he mentioned the name, albeit very rarely...
Marionette: Ah, now I remember! Alain's old notes are here too — they mentioned Rene once.
Marionette: "Rene seemed most out of sorts when he spoke to me. A lack of sweet foods has dulled his mind, I should think. Either way, his words are not to be believed."
Marionette: Yep, that sounds like Alain.
Marionette: My subordinates actually did a half-decent job digging out all these materials. Makes a change. Good for them.
Marionette: Some of Alain's old files are completely consistent with these records. He must've gotten them from the Tower of Gestalt... I never knew he got his hands on Rene's records that early.
Marionette: Hah, he may have kept them, but he never even attempted to use them. Didn't believe a word they said.
Marionette: Come to think of it, Rene's world-formula was filled with calculations of constants. That shows he believed that the fate of the world to be predetermined.
Marionette: As for Alain...
Marionette: Bah. It's been too long. I forget what he said.
Marionette: ...What would he have said? A guy like him, fervent believer in machines, but not headstrong enough... "The world can be changed. It is worth persevering." Yes. That's how he used to think, at least.
Marionette: He created that procedure to save this world. Yet, the scale of the world's fate proved too enormous. The result was beyond his ability to calculate...
Marionette: He died having never seen the outcome. And there I was, left behind in the ashes of his dreams...
Marionette: Did you really never take a close look at Rene's research? Or did you read it, but deem his philosophy incompatible with your model?
Marionette: The very thought of trying to incorporate his ideas probably made you feel sick to the stomach. Well, don't worry — because there's a whole new category of lunatic in town... Next to Dottore, every other madman looks sane.
Marionette: You once asked me what I wished for... Should've asked him instead! He's the one pining for things you'd sooner die than witness...
Marionette: *sigh*
Marionette: "Even the tiniest variable can make big waves in the present."
Marionette: Now then. Allow me to put these incompatible fragments together in your stead.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: First, establish and verify the existence of the great circle.
Marionette: Absolute nihil on one end, absolute reality on the other... Now, search between these two extremes...
Marionette: Then, the construction criteria...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: Variables.
Marionette: "The sparks of civilization shall run out unless we consider introducing variables from outside the system."
Marionette: ...Input variables.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: Traverse the world, space-time, and civilization, then extract the essential nodes from the records to determine which variables they point to.
Marionette: The primordial power that differentiated itself from the void... The power of light. Yes, "light."
Marionette: Records... "Hyperborea"...
Marionette: ...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Marionette: Ugh, this is horrendously complicated. After all that, I'm still missing a few variables. I need to think this through again...
Marionette: How do you think it looks, Pulonia? Like the frenzied scrawlings of a madwoman?
Traveler (Pulonia): ...
Marionette: Fine, keep it to yourself. It's not like you can talk, anyway. I'll assume you gave it a passing grade.
Marionette: ...I jest, but true madness does often start with trying to save the world. What would Arlecchino and Columbina think if they saw this incomprehensible henscratch? They'd probably have me institutionalized.
Marionette: So would Rosalyne... She's been dead for a while now. Haha.
Marionette: When I close my eyes and think back, I can still see her face... and that enormous dress she used to wear. Such a bizarre choice. What possessed her? Oh, and the clack-clack of those heels used to drive me insane!
Marionette: No one's asking me, obviously, but I hope you all know that I never wanted to save the world. I'm not crazy, I don't have delusional ambitions, and that's a clinical fact.
Marionette: The world needs a solution, but I don't need the world's validation. It's the world begging me for answers, not the other way around.

## Talk 16 (alternative/additional)

Traveler: Missing text (0)
Traveler: Take out the refreshments
Traveler: Missing text (0)
Traveler: Prepare tea
Traveler: Missing text (0)
Traveler: Plate refreshments
Traveler: Missing text (0)

## Talk 18

Traveler (Pulonia): ...
Marionette: Oh... Cookies to go with the tea? Let's see... They must be from that person who brought those documents. I see they're from Hotel Debord.
Marionette: Something's written on the box... "We are proud to present this homage to the Fortress of Meropide's fun-filled meal collection system: Fortune Cookies! Have a lucky start to your day!"
Marionette: Sounds like a dumb gimmick to me... Hmm? "Be early to bed and early to rise, get plenty of sun and drink plenty of water. Then, things will surely go well for you"...
Marionette: ...What? Are you kidding me? Somehow, I doubt that an early night and a glass of water is magically gonna save a world on the brink of existential peril.

## Talk 20

Illki: Lady Arlecchino. Word has reached us that Lady Marionette's troops are all in position. They are ready to act as soon as the order is given.
The Knave: Excellent.
Illki: The only thing is, they are fewer in number than we expected... It looks like many of them must have lost their lives at the hands of the monsters released by The Doctor.
The Knave: Can't be helped. Allow them to join our ranks, and keep in contact.
Illki: As you wish.

## Talk 21

Childe: It's been a while, Arlecchino. You look well.
Childe: Did Dottore really have to build his lab right on the sole path between Snezhnaya and Nod-Krai? I had to go on a huge detour to stay out of its line of sight.
The Knave: Sounds like an arduous journey. I assume you've brought word from Her Majesty?
Childe: Of course. All part of the job.
Childe: Firstly, the Tsaritsa has authorized Fatui Inte{RUBY#[D]Okhranka}rnal Affairs to review Dottore's case. They will reach a formal verdict on whether he has turned traitor and whether he poses a threat to Snezhnaya.
Childe: While they're working on that, I've been ordered to come and receive the refugees from Nod-Krai.
The Knave: They are nearby. My team will escort you to them shortly.
Childe: Great.
Childe: Aside from that, Her Majesty has a message for you and Sandrone personally... Huh? Where's Sandrone?
The Knave: She stayed behind to work since I was making the trip anyway. It seemed sensible to have one person on standby at base while the other came out to meet you.
Childe: Alright, guess that's just how she rolls. In that case, tell her that the Tsaritsa's decree this time is pretty awesome-sounding. I think she'll like this one.
Childe: Still, I wonder why... Wait, what's that?
Childe: Did one of our troops... turn into a monster?
The Knave: Take him out.

## Talk 23

Childe: I can't believe it. He was a living, breathing human one moment, and the next...
The Knave: Another fine piece of work by our dear colleague, I'm afraid.
Childe: ...What in the world has been going on in Nod-Krai?
The Knave: A lot. But long story short, Dottore stole two Moon Marrows that should have belonged to Columbina, then built a third Moon Marrow of his own to concentrate the tri-lunar authority in his hands.
Childe: What!? What do you mean, he built a moon marrow? People build roads and houses, not moon marrows... What's his next DIY project? He's gonna build a god?
The Knave: You could stand to be less surprised. We are Harbingers — the work we are engaged in makes the creation of gods seem mundane by comparison.
The Knave: I tell everyone who asks that you once crossed swords with Rex Lapis while serving as a key supporter for Rosalyne's plan... But right now, you're acting like a common adventurer.
Childe: Haha, thanks for speaking up for me. Those two really took me for a ride back then...
Childe: Then again, surely no common adventurer would manage to get tangled up with them the way I did... That's gotta count in my favor, right?
The Knave: It almost sounds like you wish to repeat the experience. I might have to lower my opinion of you.
Childe: Uh, no, no, no! I'll stop talking, hehe. Please, go on.
The Knave: Dottore is currently still experimenting with his newfound power in ways that continue to corrode the outside world.
The Knave: As for the human mutation, I believe this is simply a consequence of his experiments, and not a strategic move.
The Knave: That Radiant Beast was once a subordinate of Sandrone's. I suspect he was only allowed to live so that he could become an experimental subject.
The Knave: Also, those of us who fought Dottore have been afflicted with a curse. As such, I cannot leave Nod-Krai.
Childe: This is so much worse than I thought... No wonder Her Majesty's decree is so extreme.
Childe: "While these exceptional circumstances persist, the Harbingers are hereby authorized to use unilateral executive powers. Should Dottore pose a threat, Arlecchino and Sandrone are permitted to eliminate him."
The Knave: My thanks to Her Majesty. I will pass these good tidings on to Sandrone.
Childe: Her Majesty has also declared that she will refrain from launching an attack on the now-evacuated Nod-Krai, due to the presence of unretrieved research material.
The Knave: A wise decision.
Childe: By the way, how's my old partner doing? I'm assuming they're with you?
The Knave: #Partner? You mean Traveler?
The Knave: #I'm afraid I have bad news. He was captured after our failed assault on Dottore's lab. His whereabouts are currently unknown.
Childe: #What!? Why? Since when does Dottore have a bone to pick with him?
The Knave: That is indeed the question. I'm not sure he does. He must have some other goal in mind.
Childe: #This won't do. I have to rescue him.
The Knave: #You can't. We have no idea where Traveler is.
Childe: Ugh... What am I supposed to do, then? Stand here twiddling my thumbs?
The Knave: Sandrone is working on it. The best thing you can do right now is complete your mission.
Childe: ...
Childe: ...Fine. I guess I'll... leave this to you, then.
The Knave: Mm-hmm.
The Knave: One last thing. Tell The Rooster to get the message out to the gods and citizens of every nation in Teyvat: Beware, an uncontrollable pollution is spreading forth from Nod-Krai.
The Knave: The source of that pollution is a madman drunk on the success of his experiments. The Fatui and our allies will endeavor to contain the threat.
The Knave: However, if Nod-Krai falls, things are likely to escalate.
The Knave: Considering Dottore is one of our own, all Fatui stationed in Nod-Krai consider it our duty to stay and fight him to the bitter end, whatever the cost.
Childe: Hey, don't be too pessimistic. If it comes to it, I'm sure Her Majesty won't stand by and do nothing.
The Knave: I hope you're right.

## Talk 26

Albedo: You're right on time.
Durin: Thanks. Hey, do you think I'll get that gliding exam exemption?
Durin: I made sure I was on my best behavior in Mondstadt. I landed well outside the city and walked in through the gates...
Albedo: I'll help you apply, don't worry. For now, let's see what we have here.
Durin: What are The Doctor's energy fields even made from? The usual attract and repel principles that govern kuuvahki don't seem to apply to them.
Albedo: They are very mysterious, but ultimately, they appear to be comprised of energies from the three realms.
Albedo: Thanks to research by Master and the Hexenzirkel, we know that Teyvat's seven elements are derived from the more primordial power of the Light Realm, which is antagonistic with the power of the Void Realm.
Albedo: Since you have the power of the dragon Durin within you, I'm sure you can already tell that this energy field contains no Abyssal energy.
Durin: ...That's true. It's not Abyssal energy... it's something pure, wild and untamed.
Albedo: I've been thinking about something. Do you still remember the device that Dori supplied from the Akademiya when you and Miss Columbina fought Rerir?
Albedo: That was one of the most marvelous feats of ingenuity I've ever seen. The design, the craftsmanship, the material selection... I couldn't fault any of it.
Albedo: Not to mention the operating principles — surely the most ingenious feature of all. Dori didn't go into detail on how it functions, but I have a working theory.
Albedo: The clue was that Miss Columbina was somehow able to use the Pyro energy that you provided — despite the fact that, as a Moon Goddess, she should only be able to use Light Realm energy in principle.
Albedo: Now, all elemental energy is, of course, derived from Light Realm energy to begin with. Hence, I suspect that the device works by restoring elemental energy to its original state.
Albedo: This presumes a theoretical model of the seven elements akin to that of light refracted through a prism... Perhaps it is no mere analogy. Maybe there is indeed a prism in this model.
Albedo: I almost wonder if the idea for the device was conceived based on direct observations of said prism? It would explain how such an ironclad design concept was achieved.
Albedo: It is at once a masterwork of engineering and a groundbreaking application of the Akademiya's latest elemental theories.
Albedo: I suspect only Lesser Lord Kusanali herself could have devised such an ambitious technology.
Albedo: But back to the energy field before us. If this is pure Light Realm energy, its relation to elemental energy is one of integration versus division — or you could say that the former contains the latter.
Albedo: Could this mean that elemental energy can dilute the power of the Light Realm?
Durin: Should we give it a try?
Albedo: We should.
Durin: It works!
Albedo: Clear signs of disruption were detected at the periphery of the energy field. This indicates that elemental energy can disturb or even negate the field.
Albedo: Now you try.
Durin: Alright, here goes...
Durin: It's working...!
Albedo: Switch to Abyssal energy and attack again.
Durin: Hah!
Albedo: No surprises there. Abyssal power drains the energy field to a significantly greater extent...
Albedo: I now feel confident in asserting that the energy field is indeed pure Light Realm energy, and that elemental energy can dilute it.
Durin: But the energy field is huge... how much elemental energy will it take to neutralize it?
Albedo: We don't have to neutralize it completely. We can try other approaches.
Albedo: That's all for theory. Would you like to continue watching?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: So you knew I was here.
Durin: Huh? When did you get here?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: A while ago. But Albedo sounded like he was working on his thesis defense back there. Back in Sumeru, you can end a person's whole career by interrupting them mid-speech.
Albedo: Very thoughtful of you — I'm truly touched. Could I ask you to lend me a hand?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: With what?
Albedo: A little test. Try using Anemo to unleash a concentrated assault with circular blades, with the goal of breaking through at a singular point.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...!
Durin: Nice! This time, it tore through the field!
Albedo: Tremendous. This is a major breakthrough.
Durin: Should we go through?
Albedo: We probably shouldn't risk having mutually antagonistic energies in such close proximity... Durin, you stay here and watch the entrance. Hat Guy and I will go in to investigate.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Sounds sensible to me. Keep your eyes peeled, Durin.
Durin: Don't worry, I've got this. You two be careful in there. Just give me the signal if you need help, and I'll dive right in.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: What do you mean, "signal"?
Albedo: It's based on a new alchemical concoction I developed last month. When two bottles of it are smashed on the ground together, they emit a blinding burst of light. If it comes to that, remember to shield your eyes with your hat.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Glad I asked. Thanks for the heads-up.

## Talk 27

Albedo: They have no heartbeat and they're not breathing... We can only assume they're dead. But there are no visible wounds...
Albedo: Also, there's an animal squatting next to each body.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...It's watching us. That's not an animal's gaze.
Albedo: What are you trying to tell us?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Doesn't seem eager to talk... I guess maybe it is just an animal after all.
Albedo: Let's keep looking around.

## Talk 29

#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Same situation everywhere. Not a living soul in sight... just countless bodies with animals standing watch over them.
Albedo: Well... I think we can safely rule out the possibility that they're all pets.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...Is skirting around the topic your way of showing consideration for other people's feelings?
Albedo: Just being cautious. I don't doubt that you can handle the truth.

## Talk 31

Strange Bird (???): Please... help us... Please...
Albedo: What happened here?
Strange Bird (???): ...I don't know... Suddenly, everyone collapsed... Then my line of sight got... lower...
Strange Bird (???): I still... have some of my senses left... I gotta... get out of here... I... Ah, aah...
Strange Bird (???): *cheep*
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It looks like there's a huge experiment going on inside this energy field.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Maybe each energy field is its own giant experiment... Ugh. Vile.
Albedo: He's swapping human minds with those of animals... Even without the other circumstances, this would still be an extremely radical experiment.
Albedo: Those people may have lost their sense of selves, but they are not fully animals either. If they were, they would have left — but instead, their instincts are driving them to remain by their dead bodies.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: We should go. No sense in sticking around here longer than we need to.
Albedo: Agreed.

## Talk 35

Durin: You're back! Everything okay?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: We saw some things that take a strong stomach. Otherwise, we're fine.
Albedo: We should share our findings with the others.
Dodocommunication Device: Dodo! Dodo! Dodoco!
Nefer: Yes? Who is it?
Albedo: Miss Nefer, it's me, Albedo.
Albedo: We've found a way to break through the energy fields. With enough control, it's possible to tear them open using elemental energy.
Albedo: Also, we managed to take a look inside. Dottore is carrying out his cruel experiments on an immense scale. Any residents who have failed to evacuate in time will likely meet a grisly end.
Nefer: Sounds like he's living down to our expectations.
Albedo: Might I ask how things are proceeding on your end?
Nefer: I'm just about to get started. I'll be in touch once I have a result.
Albedo: Understood. Stay safe.
Nefer: I will.
Lauma: Well, Nefer, I'll link up with you once my tasks are complete.
Nefer: What makes you think I'd need you to do that?
Lauma: I'll need it. And considering the way you approach certain matters, I think you'll be better off with me present.
Nefer: Hmph.
Nefer: Let's begin. Entering simulation mode...
Nefer: #(A vast wasteland. Is this Traveler's inner world?)
Nefer: (...I was expecting something more vibrant, to be honest.)
Nefer: (Wait. Someone's there...)
Traveler: What are you looking at?
Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_MATE_AVATAR): ...
Traveler: In that case, I'll look at it with you.
Traveler: I want to know all about everything you've seen and experienced.
Traveler: ...Is there somewhere I should return to? Or should I stay here and be the hero everyone says I am?
Traveler: I don't dislike my current life. Roaming the land, fighting battles, accomplishing missions, earning a living, looking after Paimon... It's not so bad.
Traveler: I guess the only thing that's missing is that... you're not here with me.
Nefer: (This is the conscious layer, which contains a person's true feelings. It is filled with both longing and kindness.)
Traveler: (...I suppose anyone who lives long enough ends up wishing for someone who can't be there. Maybe it's the only way we can feel truly alive.)
Nefer: (...)
Nefer: (Time to delve a little deeper...)

## Talk 38

The Doctor: Nasha Town is hardly the optimal choice for a place to live, but it has character, and a reasonable population density.
Traveler: ...What are you trying to say?
The Doctor: Oh, don't be nervous. I was just thinking where might make a good starting point for your journey.
The Doctor: Perhaps I should send you further afield. Khaenri'ah, perhaps?
Traveler: Khaenri'ah ceased to exist long ago.
The Doctor: Once again, you fail to understand the possibilities that the Trilune creates. Anything that has existed in the past, I can now recreate.
The Doctor: You simply do not wish to see that happen. That might be because you miss your sibling and fear getting answers that you are not ready to learn... but this is not for me to judge.
The Doctor: If we are to collaborate, we need to maintain an amicable relationship. In a moment, you will be able to...
The Doctor: Hmm?
Nefer: (Oh no!)
Traveler: What are you...
Traveler: ...!?
Nefer: (...!)
Traveler: What are you gonna do?
The Doctor: Don't move.
The Doctor: Something unwanted has crept into... Oh? Gone as quickly as it came.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Nefer: *panting*...
Nefer: ...Did you save me?
Nicole: If I hadn't cut the connection, Dottore might have caught you from the other side and destroyed you.
Nicole: This was a good idea, but once is plenty. You were exceptionally brave. Excellent work.
Nefer: Thanks, but now's not the time for that.
Dodocommunication Device: Dodo! Dodo! Dodoco!
Albedo: Albedo speaking.
Nefer: #I think I know where he is.
Traveler: (What is this endless darkness?)
Traveler: (I can't see anything, even though my eyes are wide open... But why?)
Traveler: ...What happened?
The Doctor: Ah, sorry about that.
Traveler: ...
The Doctor: I take it you didn't notice. Just now, a friend of yours took a little peek into your mind.
Traveler: (...Could it be Nefer? How did she do it? Did she use something as a medium to connect to me?)
The Doctor: Do you think she's aware of your current circumstances?
The Doctor: Oh dear, have I stunned you into silence? I only wanted to slow down your time a little so I could stop your intruder in her tracks. It would have been nice to capture the spy.
The Doctor: I must say, I'm finding the ability to adjust the flow of time rather intriguing. The moment you closed your eyes, time seemed to grow impossibly viscous, didn't it?
The Doctor: A whole month passed before you opened your eyes again — but only for you. No one else was affected. I daresay this is something only a god can achieve.
Traveler: Point taken. You've proven, once again, that you have god-tier powers.
The Doctor: Oh, you misunderstand. This wasn't about proving a point — I was testing things out. I find I learn best by doing. And I have to admit, time is not the easiest dimension to control.
The Doctor: I only wanted to make you sleep for a short while, but it ended up lasting a whole month... Clearly, some finesse is required to wield the authority over Time as I wish.
The Doctor: I hope you're not angry with me. It was only a month's discrepancy — nothing too serious. Had I been off by a year, a decade, or even a century... That would have been quite a different story.
Traveler: You could've frozen me for millions of years... So much for collaboration. You aren't showing much sincerity.
The Doctor: Millions of years? To what end?
The Doctor: I wonder if you don't understand humans all that well. They are very pragmatic creatures who understand only that which they can perceive with their senses.
The Doctor: If I had you sit here for a week, I imagine people might sympathize. But if I left you here for a hundred, a thousand, or ten thousand years...
The Doctor: The sheer size of that number would cause it to lose all meaning to them. They would not have the capacity to comprehend your suffering, and thus they could not empathize.
The Doctor: Unfortunately, while gods do exist in Teyvat, it is ordinary humans that account for most of the population.
The Doctor: Their lifespans are so limited, their bodies so fragile... Did you ever really hope that they could begin to understand someone like you?
The Doctor: Your long life and unique origins make you fundamentally different from them. How long will it be before they start to treat you like the alien you are? Before you are ostracized, outcast?
Traveler: ...Alien...
The Doctor: *sigh* Even I feel bad for you, sometimes. This world has made you into a slave. So many times, you have served its will ... and not once have the powers that be ever thought to grant you the one, simple thing you wish for.
The Doctor: You have been treated most unfairly.
The Doctor: I can change that. I will grant you special privileges, and give you back the status you rightly deserve as a Descender.

## Talk 40

The Damselette: (I've entered the past three times at this point, but I still have so many questions...)
The Damselette: (For instance, beyond each point being further back in time than the last, what determines the specific locations at which I can make entry?)
The Damselette: #(So far, the common thread linking all three scenarios is that Traveler has been present...)
The Damselette: #(But it's more than that. I know I sensed something familiar around him... What was it?)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I'll keep this question in mind as I carry on...)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
"Rächer of Solnari": Humans... You never change. Always trying to use powers you neither comprehend nor control.
The Damselette: (This looks like Starsand Shoal... Was this before Rerir regained his physical form?)
Paimon: You've messed with the cannon again, huh? Sorry, but this round's not gonna go your way!
The Damselette: (The cannon... That's right, I was at Silvermoon Hall and I sensed an abnormal kuuvahki fluctuation coming from Nasha Town.)
The Damselette: (And right after that came an ominous power emanating from Starsand Shoal...)
"Rächer of Solnari": My body was once torn into countless pieces and hurled into the swirling chaos of time itself. But even so, my life and will were not extinguished.
The Damselette: (I wonder if I could try to prevent his resurrection...)
The Damselette: (But how would I do it? What can I do, here and now...)
Paimon: #Traveler...
Paimon: Behind you... Look at that light...
The Damselette: ...!
The Damselette: (No! I won't make it in time...!)
Traveler: ...
The Damselette: #(He's using the kuuvahki shield, like I taught him... Is he gonna use it to block the cannon's beam?)
The Damselette: #(He's strong — I'm sure he can manage. But the force released when the beam impacts the shield might lead to collateral damage...)
The Damselette: (...! Hiisi Island... The Frostmoon Scions will be exposed to lethal levels of kuuvahki...)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Flins: A question, if I may, kind Miss Columbina.
Flins: When the cannon's kuuvahki beam was deflected earlier, I saw several bolts of energy streak toward Hiisi Island, only to be blocked. Did you also have a hand in that?
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Maybe that really was me after all... Well, fut{RUBY#[D]present}ure me. But I don't know if I have enough power left...
Flins: Let all mortal flesh keep silent before the light.
The Damselette: (There's no time...!)
Flins: As I stood by the door of the Golden House, guarding the eternal flame.
The Damselette: (I have to make it...!)
The Damselette: O Frost Moon, O great land... O, slumbering moonlight of Nod-Krai...
The Damselette: If you can hear me, if you can sense my call... Then please, heed me once more!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: Did it... work...?
Marionette (???): Hey... Wake up.
Marionette (???): Hey! Did you hear me?
Marionette: Columbina! I said, wake up! Now!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: ...Hmm? Oh. Good morning, Sandrone.
Marionette: It's three in the afternoon, actually... And could you kindly not use my quarters as your personal nap room next time?
The Damselette: Aw... But I feel so safe here.
The Damselette: And your... coffee, right? It's so bitter, but it smells lovely.
Marionette: Hah, it's like you were raised by wolves in a forest or something. What did you drink growing up? Grass tea?
The Damselette: The Frostmoon Scions certainly lead a more frugal existence than the Fatui.
Marionette: Then I'll bet you've never eaten one of these before!
The Damselette: ...It smells delicious.
Marionette: Hehe, that's because it's a Fontainian recipe. I had a little free time today, so I made a batch.
Marionette: Rosalyne will be here shortly, but if you really can't wait, I guess you can go ahead and—
The Damselette: *munching*
Marionette: Hey! At least let me finish before you start eating! Did the Frostmoon Scions not teach you basic table manners!?
Marionette: Or did the rules not apply to you, because you're the high and mighty Moon Goddess?
The Damselette: Mmm... These are so tasty.
Marionette: Of course they are. I made them.
The Damselette: I was worried they might contain traces of machine oil.
Marionette: ...What?
The Damselette: ...
Marionette: ...Y'know, there's something I've always wanted to ask you. Why did you leave your old home and join the Fatui?
Marionette: I mean, I'm sure their food was awful. But there's gotta be more to it than that?
The Damselette: Well... Life there didn't go quite how I imagined.
Marionette: What were you expecting? You're a god. Your followers are gonna make some demands of you, right?
Marionette: Surely you can just answer a few prayers here and there in return for the free food and drink? How bad can it be?
The Damselette: Well... Would you help other people, just for free food and drink?
Marionette: Hmm?
The Damselette: The Doctor told me that you were created by a great mechanic... Lord Something-Fisher...?
Marionette: The "Lord-Artificer"... Bah, some people can't keep their mouths shut...
The Damselette: Oh, Lord-Artificer. And didn't he have something to do with the, uh, narcissist...?
Marionette: Narzissenkreuz Ordo.
The Damselette: Yes, that was it. Narzissenkreuz Ordo. So, would you try to fulfill their wishes?
Marionette: You must be joking. I wouldn't go even if they paid me — I don't even know them.
The Damselette: Exactly. Well, I felt the same way. I did not know the people who made demands of me.
Marionette: Huh. What do you know? We're on the same page for once.
Marionette: In his later years, Alain did ask me if there was anything I wanted to do — if I had wishes of my own. Hmph, well, I don't. And I'm not in any mood to fulfill someone else's, either.
The Damselette: ...Who's Alain?
Marionette: He was the... You know what? Never mind. You're not gonna remember. Anyway, the point I'm trying to make is, neither of us is the self-sacrificing type.
Marionette: Lemme ask you this. What sort of place would you like to live in if you could choose?
The Damselette: Hmm... A place where people don't ask me for things I cannot give them. Where they don't worship me, or fear me, but just want to chat with me like a normal person...
The Damselette: I'd also like the freedom to come and go as I please. And ideally, it would be somewhere with the smell of coffee and snacks...
Marionette: Hah. Not to burst your bubble, but no such place exists in the world. Now, take your snacks and scram!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Did I... pass out?
The Damselette: (Of course. I'm back here again...)
The Damselette: (I dreamed of events from my past...)
The Damselette: #Sandrone... Traveler...
The Damselette: (I miss you all so much...)
The Damselette: (Back there... I guess I managed to harness all the kuuvahki energy on Hiisi Island. But how did I do it?)
The Damselette: (Time is flowing backwards here, and I can use that familiar power to enter the world of the past...)
The Damselette: (That "mystery ally" everyone talked about... It was me all along.)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I can sense that there isn't much more power remaining up ahead.)
The Damselette: (What lies at the end of all of this? Will time keep flowing into the past?)
The Damselette: (And... Will I ever find my way back?)

## Talk 42

Marionette (???): Hey... Wake up.
Marionette (???): Hey! Did you hear me?
Marionette: Columbina! I said, wake up! Now!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: ...Hmm? Oh. Good morning, Sandrone.
Marionette: It's three in the afternoon, actually... And could you kindly not use my quarters as your personal nap room next time?
The Damselette: Aw... But I feel so safe here.
The Damselette: And your... coffee, right? It's so bitter, but it smells lovely.
Marionette: Hah, it's like you were raised by wolves in a forest or something. What did you drink growing up? Grass tea?
The Damselette: The Frostmoon Scions certainly lead a more frugal existence than the Fatui.
Marionette: Then I'll bet you've never eaten one of these before!
The Damselette: ...It smells delicious.
Marionette: Hehe, that's because it's a Fontainian recipe. I had a little free time today, so I made a batch.
Marionette: Rosalyne will be here shortly, but if you really can't wait, I guess you can go ahead and—
The Damselette: *munching*
Marionette: Hey! At least let me finish before you start eating! Did the Frostmoon Scions not teach you basic table manners!?
Marionette: Or did the rules not apply to you, because you're the high and mighty Moon Goddess?
The Damselette: Mmm... These are so tasty.
Marionette: Of course they are. I made them.
The Damselette: I was worried they might contain traces of machine oil.
Marionette: ...What?
The Damselette: ...
Marionette: ...Y'know, there's something I've always wanted to ask you. Why did you leave your old home and join the Fatui?
Marionette: I mean, I'm sure their food was awful. But there's gotta be more to it than that?
The Damselette: Well... Life there didn't go quite how I imagined.
Marionette: What were you expecting? You're a god. Your followers are gonna make some demands of you, right?
Marionette: Surely you can just answer a few prayers here and there in return for the free food and drink? How bad can it be?
The Damselette: Well... Would you help other people, just for free food and drink?
Marionette: Hmm?
The Damselette: The Doctor told me that you were created by a great mechanic... Lord Something-Fisher...?
Marionette: The "Lord-Artificer"... Bah, some people can't keep their mouths shut...
The Damselette: Oh, Lord-Artificer. And didn't he have something to do with the, uh, narcissist...?
Marionette: Narzissenkreuz Ordo.
The Damselette: Yes, that was it. Narzissenkreuz Ordo. So, would you try to fulfill their wishes?
Marionette: You must be joking. I wouldn't go even if they paid me — I don't even know them.
The Damselette: Exactly. Well, I felt the same way. I did not know the people who made demands of me.
Marionette: Huh. What do you know? We're on the same page for once.
Marionette: In his later years, Alain did ask me if there was anything I wanted to do — if I had wishes of my own. Hmph, well, I don't. And I'm not in any mood to fulfill someone else's, either.
The Damselette: ...Who's Alain?
Marionette: He was the... You know what? Never mind. You're not gonna remember. Anyway, the point I'm trying to make is, neither of us is the self-sacrificing type.
Marionette: Lemme ask you this. What sort of place would you like to live in if you could choose?
The Damselette: Hmm... A place where people don't ask me for things I cannot give them. Where they don't worship me, or fear me, but just want to chat with me like a normal person...
The Damselette: I'd also like the freedom to come and go as I please. And ideally, it would be somewhere with the smell of coffee and snacks...
Marionette: Hah. Not to burst your bubble, but no such place exists in the world. Now, take your snacks and scram!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Did I... pass out?
The Damselette: (Of course. I'm back here again...)
The Damselette: (I dreamed of events from my past...)
The Damselette: #Sandrone... Traveler...
The Damselette: (I miss you all so much...)
The Damselette: (Back there... I guess I managed to harness all the kuuvahki energy on Hiisi Island. But how did I do it?)
The Damselette: (Time is flowing backwards here, and I can use that familiar power to enter the world of the past...)
The Damselette: (That "mystery ally" everyone talked about... It was me all along.)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I can sense that there isn't much more power remaining up ahead.)
The Damselette: (What lies at the end of all of this? Will time keep flowing into the past?)
The Damselette: (And... Will I ever find my way back?)

## Talk 47

The Damselette: (The Final Night Cemetery... This is where Flins is based.)
Paimon: ...Or not! How are we supposed to read through this many files!?
Flins: Difficult, yes, but it is also our most efficient option.
The Damselette: (Seems like they're searching for information... Oh, I remember. Flins and Varka talked about some files on the Wild Hunt...)
The Damselette: (...Was this my doing, too?)
Flins: To expose the true intentions of this Rerir, we need to dive into Nod-Krai's history.
The Damselette: (Are my actions changing the past... or are they simply completing a process?)
The Damselette: (Is all of this inevitable? Or am I the one making these decisions?)
The Damselette: (If I choose not to help them now, will it change how things turn out?)
Paimon: *sigh* Hope we don't land on our heads, then...
The Damselette: (Haha... They're my friends. I can't not help them...)
Paimon: Ahh! Gh—Ghost!
The Damselette: (And the other one was... here.)
Paimon: Hey, another file's moving!
The Damselette: (That should do it...)
The Damselette: Hmm...?
The Damselette: Luonnotar?
The Damselette: You... can sense my presence?
The Damselette: ...! Wait!
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: (Luonnotar... So she's that familiar presence I've been sensing all along!)
The Damselette: #(She's always been by Traveler's side. That explains why Traveler has been there each time I've entered the past...)
The Damselette: (But why Luonnotar? Is it because she has a connection to me as the Moon Goddess's familiar? If so, why not any other kuuhenki?)
The Damselette: That's...
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (I cannot sense any power up ahead. Just a void, stretching out into infinity...)
The Damselette: (This is likely my final chance to enter the past.)
The Damselette: (It's now or never. I have to find a way back.)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Damselette: ...Hiisi Island? How far back in time is this?
The Damselette: (Where's Luonnotar? I... can't sense her presence this time...)
Paimon: Seeing Ineffa and Aino reunited like that sure was heart-warming...
The Damselette: #...! Traveler, Paimon!
The Damselette: (No, stay calm... I don't have much power left to change things. I don't even have that much time left here.)
The Damselette: (Think, Columbina. How do I find a way back?)
The Damselette: A way back... to where?
The Damselette: (Do I... go back to Moon-Prayer Night? Or to the future that followed?)
The Damselette: (And if I return in my current state, what will become of me then?)
The Damselette: (Dottore's actions that day prove that he'd been planning that for a long time. He had already seized the power of two Moon Marrows before capturing me...)
The Damselette: (Even if I manage to get back, how can I fight against him when he wields the trilune authority?)
The Damselette: (...I can't. If I go back like this, I'll be playing right into his hands.)
The Damselette: (I have to find some way of rivaling the power he has usurped...)
The Damselette: Hmm? Wait, time flowing backwards... The trilune authority...
The Damselette: ...! Does that mean... I think I know what the final destination of this lunar reflection might be.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: ...I know what I must do.
Paimon: Speaking of homes, we must already be close to where the Frostmoon Scions live. The vibe here feels different, just like the scenery...
The Damselette: (But how do I communicate my plan to my friends?)
The Damselette: (Should I write it down here? No, someone else will see it...)
The Damselette: (I need something with a close connection to me... Something I can use as a medium to tell them what's happened to me in here...)
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Haha... Now it makes sense...
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Paimon: Hey, what was that? Felt like some sort of breeze blew by, and then the petals suddenly turned into... Eh?
Luonnotar: ...?
The Damselette: (It was I who brought Luonnotar into being... I gave up a piece of my own soul to create her.)
The Damselette: (That's why I could sense a familiar power from the moment I entered this space...)
The Damselette: (It also explains why she's been present in every past location that I've entered...)
The Damselette: (Because we have a deep connection.)
Paimon: Hey there! What's your name?
The Damselette: (And the reason why there are no more gates to the past after this point is that Luonnotar hadn't been born then...)
The Damselette: Hehe... No wonder I sensed the trace of a blessing when we first met, but I still didn't recognize the soul hidden within you.
The Damselette: Back then, I was just a little lost dove... I had yet to become Columbina Hyposelenia...
Paimon: Go on, go on now... We've got stuff to do. Best you find someone else to hang out with...
Luonnotar: ...
Traveler: Hey, you scared it off...
Luonnotar: ...
The Damselette: I'll be counting on you.
Luonnotar: ...?
The Damselette: #Remember to stay by Traveler's side. Guide him, and help him in my stead...
The Damselette: #Oh, and bring him to the garden where the Moon-Prayer Blossoms grow. There's a little lost dove there who will need his help.
Luonnotar: !!!
The Damselette: Haha... Go on.
Luonnotar: ~!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: You too... Go, and live your story.
The Damselette: As for mine... Mine must go in a different direction...

## Talk 50

The Doctor: How would you like to experience the thrill of never being held accountable for your actions? You could crush people like ants without consequence. Or tear off their heads, or limbs, as you please.
The Doctor: Believe me, such a life is but one small step away.
Traveler: (What point is he trying to make? Freedom? But... the freedom to kill? To do evil and get away with it?)
Traveler: Why would you offer me that?
The Doctor: The creation of a world is the ultimate scientific experiment. I have taken my research to the highest level, where I shall be not just a god, but also a servant to many sacred spirits. I shall heed the truth and perform holy deeds.
The Doctor: A god's laboratory is the perfect playground — but it needs the right occupant to explore its full potential.
The Doctor: Mortals are found everywhere one looks. Not so with Descenders. I'd prefer my first guest to be a distinguished individual such as yourself, and I know you could make the most of the opportunities it offers.
Traveler: (So the condition for entering the new world is to take innocent lives. The same dilemma that Rerir once faced.)
Traveler: (Could I really bring myself to kill others for my own benefit? Rerir did... and look where it got him.)
The Doctor: Have you made up your mind?
Traveler: ...
Traveler: I can't do it.
Traveler: Your playground is no place for me — you're putting your hopes in the wrong person. But we both know I'm not quite the hero you say I am either. I have my own reasons for the journey I'm on, and they aren't all selfless.
The Doctor: You've grown a lot since we last met, but there are still things you are unwilling to compromise on. This will only hinder you.
The Doctor: Why don't I lower my requirements a little, as a gesture of goodwill? I'll give you a little time to learn to be a less noble soul. That'll make things much easier for you.
Traveler: ...I... I really doubt I could live that sort of life.
The Doctor: And yet you already sound less defiant than a moment ago. The benefits appeal to you, because you can read the signs of the times.
The Doctor: Why don't we return to my research facility? Your last visit was so rushed. There is much that I have yet to show you.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)

## Talk 52

#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: *panting*
Traveler: Hat Guy? How did you get here?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You're still gonna call me "Hat Guy" after that, huh?
Traveler: You came all this way just to save me?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I didn't see anyone else in there who needed saving.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Thank you so much.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Fair point. You just caught me by surprise... Thank you.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Ugh... *cough*
Traveler: Wait, you're injured?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It's nothing. I'll be fine.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Why are you looking at me like that? Is it that shocking that I'd come to your rescue?
Traveler: I'm more shocked that you caught The Doctor off guard...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I owed you a favor from back in Sumeru. Now, we're even.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Distracting Dottore was tough, I won't lie...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He's not gonna fall for the same trick twice. That was my one shot... I'd hoped to use it to take him out.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Ugh. I never wanted to obliterate someone more than I do right now.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Dottore doesn't recognize me, but his Segments were originally made based on an analysis of my operational principles.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I expect it's only a matter of time before he figures out what I am.
Traveler: #(So Dottore doesn't recognize {REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}, because he deleted himself from Irminsul.)
Traveler: (...Did he really miss his only chance for revenge by saving me?)
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Why the long face? Hey, I'm not blaming you, okay?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: And I'm not complaining either. Rescuing you and killing Dottore are equally important goals.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Everyone would be pretty stuck without you. It's best you live to fight another day.
Durin: How are you holding up? Are you alright?
Durin: Hat Guy said to put safety first, so we agreed to run as far away as we could after leaving the energy field, and only meet up once it was safe.
Albedo: You don't look injured. It seems that Dottore didn't do anything to you.
Traveler: Yeah, I'm fine, guys. Thanks.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Alright, rescue operation complete. Let's head back.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: There's a lot more work to be done before this is over.