(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act V A Nocturne of the Far North)

# Ripples That Will Never Reach


## Talk 1

Paimon: Columbina! We're back!
Paimon: ...Huh. She's not here.
Traveler: I can't sense her presence at all.
Paimon: Weren't there a few kuuhenki here last time, too? Where did they all go?
Traveler: Maybe she took them out for walkies?
Paimon: Uh... Walkies? For kuuhenki? They're not pets, you know...
Paimon: Oh well, looks like we just came at a bad time. Let's try again tomorrow.
Paimon: There's still a few days until Moon-Prayer Night, so we're in no rush. Besides, she needs time to rest anyway.
Traveler: Fair point. Let's go.
Paimon: Columbina? Are you back yet?
Paimon: Huh. How strange. Looks like she still isn't here.
Traveler: This is a bit odd...
Paimon: Right? It's not like her to spend so much time outside. Especially since she's worried about attracting unwanted attention.
Traveler: By the looks of it, she hasn't been back all day.
Paimon: What about Luonnotar? Luonnotar, you there?
Luonnotar: ?
Paimon: Hey! Do you know where Columbina went?
Luonnotar: ...!
Paimon: ...Sorry, didn't understand. But if you know where she is, could you take us to her?
Luonnotar: ...
Traveler: Sounds like an "I don't know either" to me.
Paimon: Yeah... That's even stranger...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Paimon, look...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: The flowers...
Paimon: What about 'em? Oh... That's not good news...
Paimon: They change color when Columbina gets weaker, right? And they look super pale right now...
Traveler: Let's go. We've got to find Lauma.
Paimon: Good idea. She might know what's happening.
Paimon: Lauma!
Lauma: Ah, it's you. How is Kuutar? Is she okay?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: She's missing.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Has she visited the Frostmoon Scions?
Lauma: No, she hasn't... I came here to check on her after I noticed the flowers had changed color.
Lauma: Based on past precedent, she must be very weak right now. Even getting up to walk would be a struggle... it seems unlikely that she wandered off outside.
Paimon: Not to mention that she doesn't do that at the best of times, either. So yeah, this is super weird.
Traveler: Has anyone approached Silvermoon Hall lately?
Lauma: No. Very few people are in the know about Kuutar's whereabouts. And if anyone suspicious had visited, they'd have left some sort of evidence.
Lauma: Come on, let's go to Nasha Town. If anyone has seen her, someone there will know about it. It's Nod-Krai's information hub after all.
Paimon: Makes sense. Let's go!

## Talk 2

Paimon: Wait a moment... Is it just Paimon, or is this stall kinda suspicious? It's never been here before, right?
Lauma: No... I don't recognize it...
Alice (???): Mwahahaha! Alas, your free-and-easy adventure time is over. Now, prepare to face the final boss of Nod-Krai!
Paimon: Whoa! Where'd that voice come from?
Lauma: Not sure, but it's definitely hostile...
Alice (???): No, no, no, not that way! The final boss is right here.
Lauma: The... Sniffer Mole?
Paimon: That's the final boss? Surely not. Also...
Traveler: That voice is a little familiar.
Alice (???): Hahaha, okay, the jig is up. I'll stop teasing you. Turn around — I'm right behind you.
Alice (???): It seems I've managed to leave quite an indelible impression, even though you've never seen my face... Ah, nothing could make a great mage more pleased with herself.
Lauma: Wh—What is going on...
Alice: I've heard that all the big shots of Teyvat have long, wordy titles that stun people speechless when they make their entrance.
Alice: Unfortunately, none of them are affiliated with the Hexenzirkel, and we ourselves keep a very low profile... The notorious name-dropping doesn't quite work for us. Still, I for one think I'm really quite amazing.
Alice: So that didn't stop me from coming up with a title anyway.
Paimon: Alice? It's really you this time! Not a lantern, or a Dodoco... but Alice in the flesh!
Alice: That's right! So, what do you think? How does it feel to finally meet me?
Paimon: You... You look like...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You look just like Klee!
        Alice: Aha! That's the first thing you thought? A little surprising, but that actually makes me very happy.
        Alice: Because that means that when Klee grows up, she'll be just as stunningly beautiful as her mother!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: You look so young!
        Alice: What is that supposed to mean, hmm? Hmm? I'm the mother of Klee, Teyvat's number one cutie. How old could I possibly be?
Lauma: So, she's a... friend of yours?
Paimon: Uhh... Kind of? This is actually the first time we've seen her in person.
Lauma: I see. Madame Mage, that was, uh... quite a powerful entrance. I certainly won't be forgetting it any time soon...
Paimon: It's okay, Lauma, don't force it. Paimon will do the honors. This is Alice from the Hexenzirkel. She's a friend of ours, and of Varka's too.
Traveler: She's helped us a lot in the past.
Paimon: That's right! She's a good person, just kinda... unpredictable.
Alice: Well, what is the human heart if not unpredictable, hmm? If we could not do as we please, how would we differ from machines?
Lauma: I am Lauma, Moonchanter of the Frostmoon Scions. It is a pleasure to meet you.
Alice: Oh, I know, I know. Before you got here, I spent a good, oh, 15 minutes getting up to speed on Nod-Krai's present situation.
Alice: In other words, I've read the whole "in the last episode" part, so we can skip the pleasantries.
Lauma: Fair enough. Well, Ms. Alice, I can already tell that you have quite a unique personality.
Paimon: You'll get used to it. Paimon sure is... So anyway, what are you doing in Nod-Krai, Alice?
Alice: Oh? I thought I told you already? This time, I'm the final boss.
Alice: And what a formidable foe I shall be! Powerful, confident, decisive! And good luck finding my weak spot — you will never succeed!
Traveler: I'm going to send a formal request for Jean to put you in solitary.
Alice: *gasp* Ah! Drat! My one weakness, and you found it in an instant! Fate has been dealt a devastating blow...
Alice: Thus falls the great Dodo-King!
Paimon: ...Uh, why are you playing along with this nonsense?
Alice: For funsies, of course! What's wrong, Paimon? Are you disappointed in me? Am I a gigantic let-down?
Paimon: No, no, it's just... You seem like a busy lady, and this is the one time you've shown up in person. Paimon figured it would be for something more high-stakes than just goofing around...
Alice: You're quite right. I'm here in Nod-Krai because something big happened. Something big enough that it caught the attention of the Hexenzirkel.
Alice: It concerns the three moons, Teyvat's borders, and of course, the Moon Goddess you are currently searching for.
Traveler: You know where Columbina is?
Alice: Kind of. Why don't we discuss this over a pot of tea?
Alice: My main reason for coming on this trip to Teyvat was, of course, to have some fun. But I do technically have a job to do as well — namely, maintaining the stability of Teyvat's borders.
Alice: I'll skip over the complicated parts, but to sum it up, Abyssal energies are all that lie beyond Teyvat's border. We'd find ourselves in a real pickle if they ever made it through.
Alice: And the phantoms you've been seeing are a sign that the border has been disturbed.
Paimon: Ah, no wonder they tend to show up around Moon-Prayer Night...
Lauma: Is it because the real moon is now so close to us that its power can cross the border?
Alice: In part. But only a negligible amount passes through — just enough to influence the Verdant Crests and so on.
Alice: And as you've noticed, there has been an unprecedented number of phantoms appearing this year. The influence of the moon beyond the border cannot explain this. No, there is another, far greater factor at play...
Alice: The "Trilunar Syzygy."
Lauma: A Trilunar... Syzygy...
Alice: Eons ago, before the Heavenly Principles came to Teyvat, it was the then-three Moon Goddesses who controlled the laws of this world.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You're talking about...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Life, "Death," and such, aren't you?
Alice: That's exactly it. The three goddesses split these powers amongst themselves, promising never to consolidate them into one singular body. This was meant to keep the world stable.
Alice: But fast-forwarding to the present, the Eternal Moon's Marrow is with you, while the Iridescent Moon's Marrow — which should never have appeared in this world — has been retrieved. Add that to the presence of a Moon Goddess in the flesh, and...
Alice: The power of all three moons is gathered here in Nod-Krai. There hasn't been an event like this since the war of funerary flame.
Alice: And it's having a noticeable effect on Teyvat's borders.
Traveler: Why are you so concerned about said borders, if I might ask?
Alice: Because... I wish to give my darling daughter a peaceful, sunny environment to grow up in. Is that a good enough reason?
Paimon: Kinda sounds like you're dodging the question... but it does make sense.
Alice: Well, that's one reason, anyway. And the most important one. The others are a little complicated to explain — for instance, cleaning up after dearest Miss "R"...
Alice: Albedo can tell you more about that if you're curious. But right now, I have a more important question to ask you: Why are you collecting the Moon Marrows?
Traveler: Columbina wants to use their power to return home.
Alice: I see, I see. Nicole told me about that legend once.
Paimon: N—Nicole!? You mean Mage "N"?
Alice: Oh, so you remember.
Traveler: We heard her voice in Fontaine...
Alice: Ah yes, of course. That was a story about "fate" — her area of expertise.
Alice: But back to the story of our dear Moon Goddess... I'm afraid her intended method of returning to the moon is unlikely to work anymore.
Lauma: What does that mean?
Alice: She may be missing... but she hasn't "gone" anywhere. She has... disappeared.

## Talk 3

The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: My body is so... heavy...
The Damselette: (Wait, no. It's... my mind that's heavy. My arms and legs are as light as a feather...)
The Damselette: (What's... happening to me? I feel... drowsy, like I've been asleep for too long... Is it daytime or nighttime? Is the moon out?)
The Damselette: Phew... I think I'll go for a walk.

## Talk 4

The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Have I grown so weak that... I can't even sustain my physical form?
The Damselette: But Moon-Prayer Night is nearly here... I was so close to returning home...
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Death is near... Is this how it ends for me...?
The Damselette: (Will I return to the moon after I disappear? Or...)
The Damselette: *sigh*... I don't want it to end like this.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (So far, at least, I still exist — even if not physically. I can still feel...)
The Damselette: (But as my power wanes, I'm sure that, too, will fade...)
The Damselette: I suppose... I might take one final look at this world. The world where I was born.

## Talk 6

Lemetti: ...Hahahaha! Come on, come on!
Kaarina: ...Wait for meeee!
The Damselette: The Frostmoon Enclave... How much it has changed since I was born...
Zirnytsia: These decorations... they're so heavy!
Rahetar: It's times like this when you kinda wish men could be priestesses and acolytes too...
The Damselette: (How fascinating... I've never had the chance to be privy to people's private lives in this way.)
The Damselette: (In the past, people would get so solemn and serious the moment I showed my face... like they were frozen stiff.)
Kapy: Kaarina! Lemetti! It's time to eat!
Kaarina: Coming!
The Damselette: (...I want to watch them a little longer.)

## Talk 7

Kapy: I'm sure you're both tired from playing all day! Come on, eat up.
The Damselette: (...A plain, humble meal. That has always been the way of the Frostmoon Scions.)
Kaarina: Huh? How come Lemetti got a Midsommar Berry dessert? I always get Lakkaberry...
Lemetti: Umm... I don't mind sharing! You can have a bite of mine if I get to have a bite of yours?
The Damselette: (Hmm? They're sharing food?)
The Damselette: (I've never shared food with anyone before... Even at the Harbinger tea parties, everyone just ate off their own plate...)
The Damselette: (And when I couldn't finish my food offerings from the Frostmoon Scions, they'd leave the leftovers out under the moonlight for the animals to claim...)
Lemetti: Hey! That was two bites!
Kaarina: Oh, uh... Then you can have another bite of mine!
Kapy: Oh, you two...
Sarakka: Don't fret, now. Here, have some of Granny's, too.
The Damselette: Hehe... So this is what it means to be "family"?

## Talk 8

Reetta: ...So just, fill these balloons with air, right?
Zirnytsia: Yep. Try a couple now to test things out — the rest can wait till Moon-Prayer Night.
Reetta: ...Hehehe.
Reetta: Think fast!
Zirnytsia: Aah!
Zirnytsia: Reettaaaa!
The Damselette: (Teasing an acolyte of the Frostmoon Scions? Surely that's a punishable offense...)
Zirnytsia: Take THIS!
Reetta: Ahahaha!
The Damselette: ...Huh?
Zirnytsia: Heh! Alright, enough horsing around. Lady Lauma gave us a task — we should get back to it.
Reetta: The task is just to check that the balloons don't leak, right? Doesn't matter if we fill them with air or water. Hi-yah!
Zirnytsia: Oof! Okay, you got me there... Aaand you got me there. But still, we can't use all the balloons before the festival even starts.
Reetta: We won't use ALL of them... And as long as Lady Lauma's trusted acolyte doesn't snitch, this can stay as a little secret between friends. A couple more can't do any harm, right?
Zirnytsia: Oh, you menace... Then THINK FAST!
Reetta: Hahaha!
The Damselette: ...Is pumping a balloon full of water really so much fun?

## Talk 10

The Damselette: (I'm seeing so much that I'd never usually get to see... They'd never act like this when I was around.)
The Damselette: (Mmm... It's nice, being able to just watch people in peace in these final moments...)
The Damselette: #What a rare opportunity. I think I'll go take a look around in Nasha Town, too. Maybe Traveler will be there...

## Talk 11

Alice: After the war of funerary flame, the Moon Goddesses were no longer recognized by Teyvat. They lost the whole foundation for their existence.
Alice: That's why the Moon Goddess's strength is fading. She cannot withstand the world's rejection of her.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: It's just like what Columbina said...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: The world itself is rejecting her...
Alice: To be more pedantic about it, the Moon Goddesses did something to offend the Heavenly Principles, and that's why they were ousted. Something of a recurring theme in Teyvat's history.
Alice: Theoretically, speaking so candidly should put me in their crosshairs, too — but they can't tell me what to do. I'll say whatever I want.
Alice: Anywho, the Moon Marrow energies were but a drop in the bucket for her, and that battle against the Rächer of Solnari only weakened her further.
Alice: Fortunately, it happened close enough to Moon-Prayer Night, when the kuuvahki concentration here is high. That's the only reason she's managed to survive this long.
Paimon: What do you mean, "fortunately"? You said she disappeared... We're too late...
Alice: Ugh, what a headache — I thought this was all common knowledge. I guess I have some more explaining to do... Okay, buckle up, it's time for another lecture.
Alice: Now, I said earlier that the Moon Goddesses lost the foundation for their existence.
Alice: The reason for that has to do with the natural order. Basically, the rationale for their existence in Teyvat was lost.
Alice: The same logic applies to the present Moon Goddess, too. Consider her existence so far. Her comrades in the Fatui called her "Damselette"...
Alice: And she was worshiped as Kuutar by the Frostmoon Scions. But these connections have now been severed, whether by her hand or yours.
Lauma: So the "rationale" that once sustained her existence is now gone...
Paimon: Wait... we did that to her!?
Alice: Well, strictly speaking... yes, but let's not start pointing fingers, shall we? I'll only end up as the big bad villain, and that's not the kind of final boss I want to be!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If you're making light of this...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Hopefully that means you have a plan?
Alice: Of course I do! I'm only the greatest mage in the whole entire world!
Alice: Now, if you wish to find your Moon Goddess, there are two problems we need to solve.
Alice: Firstly, we'll need to strengthen the connection between her and Teyvat, at least enough to sustain her until Moon-Prayer Night.
Lauma: Strengthen her connection... But... does that mean I'll have to rally all the Frostmoon faithful behind this?
Alice: I'm afraid a bygone faith and a former home won't be of any help to her now. Hmm... Do you know her name?
Paimon: Her... name?
Alice: Yes. Names are very important things. A name is a fundamental concept that anchors one's entire existence.
Traveler: I asked her once, but she said she didn't know.
Alice: Then your first job is to find it. As a Moon Goddess, I'm sure she must have a name she identifies with.
Alice: Neither "Columbina" nor "Kuutar" is her true name, and she's never really accepted either of them.
Lauma: So... finding out her real name is enough to sustain her existence?
Alice: Yes. I know it sounds like a small step, but every journey begins that way. So for now, that's all we need to focus on.
Alice: The second problem is with her plan to use the Moon Marrows to return to the moon. Unfortunately, piercing through the false sky will take an enormous amount of power.
Alice: Given her current condition, she won't be able to provide anywhere near enough power — even if she recovers her physical form.
Alice: But, no need to fret. Nicole's the expert in this field, and I'm sure she'll figure something out.
Paimon: Wait, Mage "N" is going to help us out, too?
Paimon: That means we've got two Hexenzirkel mages on the case... This is turning into a pretty big deal!
Alice: Mm... Actually, this is more of a side quest for me. Hehe.
Alice: Like you said, I'm a busy lady, so I can't stay for too long. I'll have to return to Teyvat's border soon.
Traveler: Thanks for telling us all of this.
Alice: Haha, that's the upside you get for looking out for my little Klee! Hopefully that will incentivize you to carry on keeping her company in the future~
Alice: Anyway, jokes aside, you'd better get moving. It will take quite a miracle for the Moon Goddess's consciousness to hold out till Moon-Prayer Night.
Alice: Oh! And I suppose I might as well tell you where Nicole is before I leave.
Alice: Off you go, now! Time to meet your new friend. Ah yes, and a little suggestion — don't forget to... mind your heads.
Paimon: Uhh... What?
Alice: Hmm, I wonder how Durin's doing? I should really go see him before I head back.
Paimon: You really are super busy.
Alice: *sigh* I most certainly am! There's so many children I have to keep tabs on just in Mondstadt. Durin, Albedo, Venti, Varka...
Traveler: There were some unexpected names in there.
Paimon: Klee didn't make the list, huh?
Alice: Of course not. Klee is my pride and joy. I have no qualms about her, because she's the best child in the whole wide world.
Paimon: Oh... Uh, yep! Klee's a little angel, mm-hmm...
Alice: I'm glad you agree. Well, all the best! See you when I see you~
Lauma: She left in a hurry.
Paimon: Yeah, she didn't pack up her stall. Should we handle it for her?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I doubt that's necessary.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: A mage of her abilities doesn't need our help.
Lauma: I must say, I'm now very curious about her daughter... Klee, wasn't it? What's she like?
Paimon: That's... a long story. Come on, we'll fill you in as we go.

## Talk 13

The Damselette: (What a lively place. I've never experienced Nasha Town like this before.)
Koski: Hey, you old geezer. Your hammer's rusted through!
Arkhyp: Who are you calling "old geezer"?
The Damselette: (Are they... quarreling?)
Koski: I'm lookin' right at him! You've really gone downhill since giving your daughter free reign in the workshop. Can you even swing a hammer anymore? It shouldn't take you days just to fix a single chair!
Koski: You might as well use that hammer to massage my back, for all the good it's doing!
Arkhyp: Heh, don't run your mouth, or you'll get a back massage that'll put you in bed for the rest of your life! Look, the materials haven't arrived yet, alright? You know how busy it gets in the days before Moon-Prayer Night!
Koski: I'll bet you sent all the materials to your little princess. *sigh* Blood's always thicker than water, huh?
Lyulka: Alright, you've made your point, Uncle Koski. As soon as the materials arrive, fixing your chair will be the number one priority. And dad, if you've got time to chat, why don't you lend me a hand, hmm?
Koski: See? Lyulka knows what the score is.
The Damselette: (I guess they're... friends? But the way they spoke to each other was so ugly.)
The Damselette: (Then again... It wouldn't be the first time I've seen something like this...)
Marionette: Columbinaaaa! Sing outside my door in the middle of the night one more time and I'll unscrew your vocal cords! You hear me?
The Damselette: Oh... Sandrone...
The Damselette: (So that was her way of trying to be friends with me?)
The Damselette: What a pity... I won't get the chance to say any ugly things in reply...

## Talk 14

Limppu: ...Hey, have you decided what to give her for Moon-Prayer Night?
Domovoj: I sure have! Hehe, she's gonna get the surprise of her life when she's least expecting it! Then I'll whip out the ring and pop the question...
The Damselette: ("The surprise of her life"... What a fun turn of phrase.)
Limppu: Cool, I get the picture. You can spare me the gushy details... Oh! Looks like we have a customer.
Limppu: Hello there, Ma'am. Would you like some Moon-Prayer Night candy?
The Damselette: ...Huh?
The Damselette: (Is he... talking to me? Can he see me?)
The Damselette: I...
Limppu: Here you go!
The Damselette: Oh...
Limppu: Come back any time! Right, now where were we...
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: I don't know why but... I still held out hope...
Lauma: ...The most important thing right now is to find that mage...
Paimon: ...This name thing seems super important too. But where do we even start looking?
Varka: ...I'd better go pay the Fatui a visit...
The Damselette: ...
Traveler: Columbina?
The Damselette: ...
Lauma: #Traveler?
Paimon: Let's go. This is no time to be spacing out.
Traveler: ...
The Damselette: ...

## Talk 15

The Damselette: (Where are they going? They mentioned a "mage" and... a name?)
Lauma: So, Mr. Varka, are you acquainted with this Nicole? Or should I call her Mage "N"?
Varka: Ah, not really. We've never met, though she has come up in conversation.
Varka: From what I've gathered, Alice kinda took Nicole under her wing. Taught her how to speak in a more ladylike fashion, that kind of thing.
Paimon: Huh... Hard to imagine Alice as an etiquette coach...
Varka: Haha! Yeah, Alice is a larger-than-life personality, I'll give you that. But then again, that's why she's able to draw such an eclectic mix of people into her inner circle.
Varka: If I remember correctly, being an "interesting" person is actually one of her main entry requirements. Heh, so if you ever wanted to join the Hexenzirkel, I'm sure you'd both be eligible to apply.
Paimon: Hey, don't go around making promises on Alice's behalf.
Varka: I wouldn't dare! I'm just... trying to paint a picture of the Hexenzirkel for you...
Paimon: Okay, sure. Anyway, since none of us have ever met Nicole, how are we supposed to find her? We can't just go up to every woman in sight and ask, "Hey, are you Nicole?"
Varka: Hmm, maybe something she's wearing will give it away? Like, uh, a Windblume pinned to her chest, or something.
Paimon: Wait a minute. Alice never said Nicole was from Mondstadt.
Varka: ...Oh, true.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: What about a tea set?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I recall that each mage has their own cup.
Lauma: That would be... this young lady, then?
Paimon: Hey there, sorry to disturb you, but... are you Ms. Nicole?
Varka: Varka, Knight of Boreas of the Knights of Favonius. Alice might have mentioned me before.
Nicole (???): ...
Paimon: Uhh... Have we got the wrong person? Sorry, sorry!
Paimon: (Well, this is awkward...)
Nicole (???): ...
Nicole (???): When I shook my head, I meant "no, Alice hasn't mentioned you before."
Lauma: Huh? Where is this voice coming from...?
Nicole (???): My apologies. For certain reasons, I am unable to speak. This is the only way I can communicate with you.
Nicole (???): It might take some getting used to, but I hope you can understand.
Varka: Hey, it's fine... I'm more shocked by the fact that Alice never speaks about me! Hahaha.
Nicole (???): As for you two... We have crossed paths twice before, but it is nonetheless a pleasure to finally meet you.
Paimon: It's really you! Thanks for all your guidance in the past...
Nicole (???): You're quite welcome. This time, things are different... We have reached the unwritten pages of the story. You might say that we stand at the crossroads of fate...
Nicole (???): Now, then. Allow me to formally introduce myself. My name is—
Nicole (???): No no no, stop, I...! Ugh, Alice! I can't believe it...
Nicole: I had a whole speech prepared! I'd agonized over every single word! ...She always picks the worst moments to ruin other people's plans...
Nicole: I'm so sorry about that... Alice took the liberty of devising some bespoke "Self Introduction Magic" for each member of the Hexenzirkel...
Nicole: But I could've sworn I deleted all of the triggering conditions for it. How did it bypass everything? ...Oh gosh, this is so embarrassing...
Paimon: (This is a very different side of Nicole than what we're used to... Is she... not used to face-to-face interactions?)
Paimon: Uh, d—don't worry about it. We've seen that introduction magic once already, so it wasn't too much of a shock.
Lauma: Please go on, Ms. Nicole. We'd love to hear what you have to... say, or... well, communicate.
The Damselette: (Huh? Are they talking to this lady? But...)
Nicole: Will you all promise to forget that horrendously embarrassing introduction?
Varka: Sorry? Embarrassing? When?
Nicole: ...
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Among the words that hopped out just now, I saw...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Angel.
Nicole: ...Yes. My name is Nicole, and I am one of a very few angels who have retained both their preferred form and their power.
Nicole: #Traveler and Paimon should be no strangers to this concept. There is another of our kind in Natlan — they call her the Lord of the Night.
Paimon: Ah, right, Paimon remembers her!
Traveler: But we've never seen her in person.
Nicole: Yes, well, I have retained more of my power than she. It's because I don't have a long-term duty to fulfill. To be more specific...
Nicole: ...Ah, no, we'll be here all day if I get into the specifics. Moving on. If I'm not mistaken... you are here because you wish to learn how one might reach the moon beyond the sky.
Lauma: That's right. Is that something you can give us any guidance on?
Nicole: Yes, I do know a way. It began with the Hyperboreans who lived after the war of funerary flame... Hmm. Blank looks. Maybe I should start with the background of the war...
Nicole: ...Or maybe not. It shouldn't be an issue. I'll fill in the gaps for you when we have more time. Anyway, after that war ended, the three moons retreated to beyond the false sky.
Nicole: The Hyperboreans were humans I once aided. They accepted the civilization and creations bestowed upon them by the angels.
Nicole: But despite accepting many blessings of the angels, many among them still held onto their faith in the moons. They were reluctant to accept the new order.
Nicole: Even after the war of funerary flame, they sought to contact the moon goddesses beyond the sky and receive their guidance...
Lauma: But all three had passed away by that point.
The Damselette: (This mage has a unique method of communicating... Is she talking about the moons?)
Nicole: Yes, but they did not know. And so, still they prayed for the Moon Goddesses' mercy.
Nicole: After building titanic structures that consumed vast amounts of kuuvahki, at last they glimpsed the moons and heard their voices...
Nicole: But of course, they were gravely disappointed. For it was then that they realized: the three moon goddesses were dead.
Paimon: That's such a sad story...
Nicole: It is. Humanity was in a very sorry state at that time. The angels who had once aided them were gone, and the war of funerary flames had left them homeless and destitute...
Varka: Just a second. I gotta ask... How relevant is all this history to the task at hand...?
Nicole: Well, I mean, it's... Hmm. Okay, it seems we've drifted into irrelevant narrative waters.
Nicole: It's been a while since I've had the chance to speak inside someone's head. As soon as I got started, I lost control, and the words just flowed out like a waterfall...
Nicole: ...What I'm trying to say is... Right, yes, that's it: The relevant part is the ritual created by the Hyperboreans.
Nicole: The fact that they bypassed the false sky and saw the true moons implies that they successfully built a connection between Teyvat and the outside world.
Nicole: Which means, with enough kuuvahki and a sufficiently stable connection, it should be feasible to send one person over the border.
Paimon: Okay... so they built some kinda portal?
Nicole: Oh, uh... Yes, a portal. Yes.
Paimon: ...Is something wrong? You sound... disappointed.
Nicole: I just didn't expect you to summarize it so well... It turns out I could have said all that in one word, if only I'd managed to think of it.
Lauma: No, please, it's fine. This is invaluable knowledge. I'll be sure to record and preserve everything in writing.
Nicole: Oh, really? Well in that case, I suppose I could backtrack and add some more detail. I did gloss over a few things so far...
Varka: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Timeout. Let's summarize what we've got first!
Varka: The Hyperboreans were the last ones to use this method, right? So we somehow need to find whatever structure they built and make sure there's enough kuuvahki to power it up.
Varka: Luckily, we have the moon marrow of both the Eternal and Iridescent Moons, so we're all good for kuuvahki. Which means, the key issue we need to focus on is finding the place. Am I right so far?
Nicole: Yes, although I expect the structure is long gone by now.
Nicole: That said, what if we could take advantage of the phantoms to travel back to a time when it still existed?
Nicole: Well, "travel back" isn't quite accurate. It's more like we'd be creating a handshake between two points in spacetime.
Nicole: We wouldn't even have to pick a time when it still existed — it could just be a time when it still appeared in phantom form via projection. Or, we could project our own phantoms, fold them together, and...
Nicole: ...You look lost. Was that too hard to follow?
Paimon: Yeah, things got a little, uh, technical there. Paimon's brain is reaching capacity...
Nicole: Alright, let me think about how to put this more simply... Okay, got it.
Nicole: Over the next few days, I'll search for phantoms that we can use. Once I find one that meets the criteria, I'll let you know and we'll regroup.
Nicole: By completing certain rituals, specific individuals will be able to enter the phantom and make it to the Hyperborean structure.
Nicole: If everything checks out, and it looks feasible, we'll just need to wait for Moon-Prayer Night and we can send the Moon Goddess back home... I'm really skimping on the detail here. Is this making any sense at all?
Varka: I think so. For now, we'll just wait to hear from you.
Nicole: Yes... Basically, yes.
Varka: Great. Counting on you! In the meantime, we'll focus on finding the Moon Goddess's name.
The Damselette: (...! My... name? Are they... looking for a way to stop me from disappearing?)
Nicole: Excuse me, Miss...
Lauma: Go on, Ms. Nicole.
Nicole: This conversation was a little all over the place. I didn't catch your name.
Lauma: I am Lauma, of the Frostmoon Scions.
Nicole: Ah, I did wonder. I noticed that you listened very intently when I spoke about Hyperborea and the moons' history.
Nicole: If you'd be interested, I'd love to visit you this evening and go through it again in greater detail.
Nicole: Also, if you were serious about making a record... It would be too risky to simply write down the raw details as-is. I would suggest some tweaks — maybe rewrite the stories as fairy tales or fables, perhaps even prayers.
Nicole: ...Anyway, we can cross that bridge when we come to it. So, see you later, then? Oh, and no need to prepare anything. Just a cup of tea will do.
Paimon: S—See ya...
Lauma: She seems friendly... it's just...
Nicole: Ah, it's so nice to find someone who's actually willing to listen! I've been dying for a chance to finally go through all this systematically, from start to finish... Any longer and I'd probably start forgetting it!
Paimon: Now Paimon gets why Alice told us to mind our heads...
Varka: Hahaha, what did I tell you? Lotta quirky people in Alice's orbit.
Varka: Now then, the next order of business is: Where do we start looking for the Moon Goddess's name?
Paimon: Hmm... Maybe the rest of what Nicole has to say might give us some clues.
Lauma: Once I've heard her out, I'll summarize the salient points and share them with you all.
Lauma: I'm also inclined to review our other documents. Yes, our faith was first established by our Hyperborean ancestors...
Lauma: But many of the more factually accurate records are from after Kuutar's birth.
Traveler: I have a hunch that the Fatui might know something, too.
Paimon: Sounds like we're gonna follow Columbina's journey through Teyvat, huh?
Paimon: In that case, we'll start by heading to the Frostmoon Enclave.
Varka: Sounds like a plan. Take this with you — I'll see about getting in touch with the Fatui... it'll probably just be Arlecchino and Sandrone again. They're the only ones who would wanna help.
Lauma: Thank you, Mr. Varka.
Varka: Hahaha, don't mention it. Honestly, I'm more comfortable dealing with the Fatui than prying into the details of a young lady's childhood. Catch you later!
The Damselette: (I should follow them, just in case there's some way that I can help...)

## Talk 16

Lauma: A while ago, I took the time to organize all documents in our possession that pertain to Kuutar. What you see here is the material I consider reliable.
The Damselette: ...
Paimon: You're saying, there's unreliable material too?
Lauma: Yes. Most of the information we have was transmitted through an oral tradition. Inevitably, some of her stories were mythologized and deified over the years through countless retellings. That's why I organized them into reliable and unreliable.
Lauma: There is no sense seeking answers in history unless we can ensure the veracity of the historical record.
Paimon: Makes sense. Alright, let's take a look through.
Black Screen Text: Clear and concise would be one way to describe the writing style of these historical records. But you could just as easily describe them as "terse and dry."
Black Screen Text: And since Lauma already knows the material like the back of her hand, the quest to find any new information in these texts is tough going.
Paimon: Almost all these records refer to "Kuutar" instead of "Columbina"... Hmm, although neither of those is her real name... Paimon's not sure what point she's trying to make.
Lauma: What we can gather from these records is that the Frostmoon Scions worshiped her as a god, placing impossible expectations upon her...
Lauma: I cannot fault them for their earnest faith. But for all their devotion, worshiping her day in, day out changed nothing.
Lauma: I imagine that none of it resonated with Columbina.
Lauma: It wouldn't surprise me if even back then, she had already begun to reject the name "Kuutar" and everything it represented...
The Damselette: (...Lauma speaks the truth.)
The Damselette: (When I heard them call upon "Kuutar" with hope and expectation in their voices... They may as well have been calling upon somebody else.)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: When you were organizing these texts...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What criteria did you use?
Lauma: Well... That's a bit complicated. I looked at the level of detail, perceived authenticity, prose style...
Lauma: And how realistic their portrayal of Kuutar seemed to be.
Lauma: Amongst the Frostmoon Scions of today, only I know of her existence, and I alone have spoken to her face-to-face. As such, I know that there are certain things she simply would never do.
Lauma: That being said, I have sensed some changes in her lately.
The Damselette: (...Changes? Me?)
Paimon: Ugh, seems like this is getting us nowhere... For what it's worth, why don't we check the "unreliable" sources too?
Lauma: Sure. Give me a moment.
Paimon: Exerting but a fraction of her divine might, Kuutar sheared a great mass from the snow-capped mountain and cast it into the sea, upon whose surface shone the mirror image of the moon. Thus was formed the island of Hiisi.
The Damselette: Hehe...
Paimon: Yeah, right... That doesn't even begin to pass the sniff test!
Paimon: The three moons are naught but lies through and through. Only one moon has ever shone for us, and 'Kuutar' is her name.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: The subjectivity is strong in this one...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: We've heard something like this before in Natlan.
Lauma: The vast majority of ancient texts are filled with fanciful tales like these. I trust you understand my criteria a little better now.
Lauma: Kuutar did not speak, merely gazing into the distance in silence. And where her gaze landed, this was her prophecy.
Lauma: Clearly, whoever wrote this text never even met Kuutar — otherwise, they'd know that her eyes are always closed.
Paimon: #What about you, Traveler? What are you reading?
Traveler: Seems like a collection of anecdotes.
Paimon: C'mon, let Paimon see...
Paimon: The child wished to build a wooden nest with which to shield the fledgling bird from the cold. But being so young and lacking in strength, the child could not snap the branches from the trees...
Paimon: Kuutar was passing by. Upon seeing the child, she summoned forth a kuuhenki, who built a beautiful nest for the child.
The Damselette: Ah, I remember that...
Paimon: Not knowing the meaning of Kuutar's divine intervention, the child dared not to respond, and thus ran home to call their parents. But Kuutar was gone.
Paimon: The Moonchanter declared the event a miracle and took the nest as a relic, placing it on high for all to see. The child was named as one favored by the goddess, and was greatly respected amongst the people...
Paimon: Yet, no further miracles were bestowed, and this matter was forgotten in but a few years.
Paimon: #Huh. Any thoughts after reading that, Traveler?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: If it's true...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: It gives off a somewhat lonesome feeling.
Paimon: Yeah! Columbina probably just wanted to join the kid in making nests...
Lauma: Ah... I had originally considered this a fabrication, because Kuutar did not perform any similar actions in subsequent records...
Lauma: But now that I think about it, it does seem like something Columbina would do. It's just that...
Paimon: She didn't know how other people would interpret her actions. She was probably worried about making things difficult for people... and so, she gradually stopped joining in...
Lauma: Yes...
Paimon: That's so sad.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: *sigh*...
The Damselette: And now, I can make no such gestures of warmth even if I want to.
The Damselette: ...

## Talk 17

Paimon: Let's see... There's Varka. Oh, and it's Durin and Albedo, too!
Traveler: Talk about coincidences. We meet again.
Paimon: Yeah, this is pretty much the same place we bumped into each other last time.
Varka: Hahaha, I convinced them to stick around a little longer. We were all waiting on people, so I figured having a little company would help pass the time.
Lauma: Ah, so you've been waiting for us? Does this mean that you've already arranged things with the Fatui?
Varka: Sure does. Now you're back, we can go meet up with them together. How'd your investigation at the Frostmoon Enclave go?
Paimon: Well, we didn't find out Columbina's true name... but apart from that, it went pretty well.
Traveler: We learned some stories from her early days.
Varka: Aha, just as well that I didn't tag along, then. I'm sure our Moon Goddess wouldn't want every man and his dog knowing all about her private life... Still, desperate times, desperate measures, I guess. Someone had to do it.
Paimon: So, Varka was waiting on us — but what about you two? Are you waiting for Alice?
Durin: Oh, no. We already met with her.
Albedo: We discussed that experiment I mentioned to you last time. Oh, and she also handed me this communication device.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: This looks familiar.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I'm sure I saw one of these back on the Golden Apple Archipelago...
Durin: That's right. I understand she informed you about the relationship between the phantom phenomena and Teyvat's borders, yes? She wants me to help her with some more experiments on that front.
Durin: She said that she'll contact me through this device with more information.
Varka: Ah, I see. Following instructions and making observations — pretty common research method. Takes me right back to Albedo's lab...
Paimon: Wait, then who exactly are you meeting?
Durin: Someone you know. Albedo's met him, too. But I don't think Miss Lauma or the Grand Master have been introduced...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Introductions are overrated — especially in cases like this.
Paimon: It's you!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: So? It's not like the Akademiya has prohibitions against going abroad. Also, I applied for leave.
Durin: I've been writing to Hat Guy since obtaining a human form. I've already brought him up to speed on everything that's been going on in Nod-Krai.
Varka (Varka & Lauma): Hat Guy...
Lauma (Varka & Lauma): Hat Guy...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Hmph...
Varka: Turns out I actually have heard that name before.
Lauma: Oh... Then, why did you react the same way I did?
Varka: Haha, I only knew the name, not the fella! But since we're all here, let's do some introductions for what it's worth. I'm Varka, Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius.
Lauma: Lauma, Moonchanter of the Frostmoon Scions.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: And I'm a Driyosh from the Vahumana Darshan of the Sumeru Akademiya... Hat Guy.
Albedo: Good to see you again, Mr. Guy. I believe we last saw each other on the boat ride here.
Traveler: (So they came to Nod-Krai together...)
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Mmm. Mind you, the only reason I came here is because there's someone I want to look into.
Paimon: Who's that?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: The Doctor, also known as Dottore. Second of the Fatui Harbingers.
Traveler: (Just as I thought...)
Lauma: From the tone of your voice... it sounds like there is bad blood between you.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...I was reviewing our archives and noticed that a lot of information about him was missing. Left a bad taste in my mouth. That's all there is to it.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Dottore... or Zandik as he was then known, once studied at the Akademiya. But he got kicked out before he could graduate.
Varka: Hahahaha! So the harbingers' number two man is a college dropout? How embarrassing for them.
Paimon: Last we heard, he was planning something... We actually heard that a few times before even coming to Nod-Krai. But we haven't seen a trace of him since we got here.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He only appears when something interests him. For all we know, he might have left already.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But the fact that he did something here at all is worth noting... It'll fill a couple extra lines in his file.
Varka: Heh, why does it sound less like a file you're writing, and more like a criminal record...
Varka: Anyway, we were just about to meet two of the other Harbingers. Wanna come along? You might learn a thing or two about him there.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Sure.
Paimon: Even though they're Harbingers, uh... Well, they're old acquaintances of ours, so... y'know, when you talk to them, try to be...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Hmph. I got it.
Lauma: The Frostmoon Scions' relations with the Fatui remain tense. Forgive me if I do not attend.
Albedo: In that case, we'll continue assisting Ms. Alice with her experiments.
Varka: Good stuff, everyone's having a fruitful time! Alright, we'd better get going — I'll lead the way.
Traveler: #Hey, {REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Hmm?
Traveler: Are you here for revenge?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Well yeah, that's obviously part of it. But I'm not the only one who has a score to settle with him.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Neither you, nor Lesser Lord Kusanali, nor I want to see him meddling with things again.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Fair enough. One other thing...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: When we return, let's talk about Columbina.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Hah. What's the hurry?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Don't worry. Pigeons always know which way home is.
Traveler: (Zandik? I've heard that name before... Back in the ruins, when the Ibis King mentioned that student — that was The Doctor?)

## Talk 18

The Knave: You made it... Who is this?
Varka: #A scholar from Sumeru. They call him Hat Guy. He's an old friend of Traveler.
Marionette: Wait, THIS is the Akademiya representative you wrote about? He doesn't exactly look the part...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I believe this will prove my identity. You'll notice it bears the seal of the Sanctuary of Surasthana.
Marionette: Well, what do you know. So it does... Alright then. My mistake.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It's fine. I expected as much.
Marionette: What?
Varka: Ahem! So, as I mentioned in my letter, the Akademiya's got its eyes on Dottore.
Varka: But this matter remains top secret. Apart from those assisting in the investigation, the fewer people who know, the better.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: If anyone asks, I am here in Nod-Krai to pursue my personal academic interests.
Paimon: Gotta say, Varka, you did pretty well to keep all this under wraps for so long. Sounds like you got in touch with the Akademiya about this way back.
Varka: Haha, you flatter me.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You're all harbingers...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What reason would you have to disclose information about Dottore?
Marionette: Where do I even start? Hmph, remember that time we fought Rerir at Starsand Shoal? He sure let me have it then, didn't he? I'll bet Dottore had that all sketched out, with me as his convenient little pawn.
Marionette: He could not care less about us if he tried. But hey, the feeling's mutual.
The Knave: Does Dottore really strike you as the sort who values his relationships with his colleagues?
Paimon: Fair point. Definitely not.
The Knave: Which is why I always keep my guard up whenever he starts making suspicious moves. To that extent, our motivations align — on top of which, I consider you trustworthy people.
The Knave: Now, back on topic. In the wake of the Rächer of Solnari episode, Sandrone and I grew suspicious about Dottore's complete inaction during the entire affair. So we tried to find out what he'd been up to — but unfortunately, to no avail.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He never lets anyone in on his plans. The more he cares about something, the more secretive he gets.
The Knave: Indeed. Perhaps he believes that by keeping a low profile, he can avoid trouble. But that trick isn't going to work on his colleagues.
Marionette: Yeah, I mean... He's been researching the Ancient Moon's Remnants, and he's been trying to get his paws on the Moon Marrows... Only an idiot would believe he doesn't have something more planned.
The Knave: With this in mind, I returned to Snezhnaya and relayed my thoughts to Her Majesty the Tsaritsa, entreating her to have him recalled.
Varka: That's pretty direct. Did the Tsaritsa agree?
The Knave: Yes. I made it abundantly clear that the Fatui's business in Nod-Krai is almost concluded, and we do not need three Harbingers in this territory. Her Majesty concurred.
The Knave: Accordingly, Dottore has returned at her orders. I imagine he is continuing with experiments which no one besides he would ever have any interest in.
Marionette: Common sense might mean nothing to him, but he's not stupid. He knows that no good can come from opposing the Tsaritsa.
Marionette: Smarts alone won't get him all the way. He needs The Rooster's resources and Regrator's Mora — both of which the Tsaritsa can strip from him by waggling a finger.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But doesn't he have a track record of publicly following orders while going against them in private? He probably has it down to a fine art by now.
Marionette: Wouldn't put it past him... We worked together on a research project once. Only briefly, but it was enough to show me that we're fundamentally different people.
Marionette: He has no interest in doing things methodically, stage by stage. His thoughts jump all over the place, and the moment his curiosity is satisfied or he gets the results he wants, he disappears...
Marionette: The only similarity we share is that, once we set our minds on doing something, we will see it done, whatever it takes.
Varka: We definitely saw some of that in your battle with Rerir. You got so competitive...
Marionette: Ugh, do NOT remind me!
The Knave: Then I believe we all concur: Dottore will not simply give up.
Marionette: Tch. Fantastic, now this is turning into a whole day of unpleasant memories. Ugh!
Paimon: Are you talking about the Moon Marrow stuff?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He also strikes me as the kind of person to disregard experimental regulations, ruin all the equipment, and go way over budget... then leave the first person he can find to deal with the fallout.
Marionette: Exactly! This one time, he was running some high-temperature experiment and the substance exploded. But does he care? No! He orders his subordinates to open the device so he can observe the results — which causes the gas inside to leak out...
Marionette: That gas was poisonous! If I hadn't been there, who knows how many people might've died?
Marionette: And after all that? He left, while I was still cleaning up after his mess. "What a waste of time," he said.
Marionette: Waste of time!? The nerve! HE wasted MY time!
Varka: Haha, you've been bottling that up for a while, huh?
The Knave: Hat Guy, I must say — you seem awfully familiar with internal Fatui affairs... especially when it comes to Dottore.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Thank you, Lady Harbingers, for providing such valuable information. I have no other questions for now, so I'll be on my way.
Paimon: Wait, what? You're just gonna leave!?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You're welcome to join if you want.
Paimon: Ugh. Just when Paimon thought he'd finally mellowed out...
Varka: He makes quite the impression.
Marionette: I'll say. I've met tons of headstrong people, but not many of them would join me in badmouthing Dottore...
Marionette: Anyway, back to the main agenda. Varka, you said that Columbina has gone missing? Or rather, "disappeared"?
Varka: Yeah. We're working on building a connection between her and this world. The simplest method is to find out her real name.
Marionette: I've actually asked her that question before, but she said she didn't know. Considering our relationship, I doubt she was lying to me.
The Damselette: (We'd only just met. Even if I knew, I wouldn't have told you...)
    Option 1:
        Traveler: She could have just given you a pseudonym...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: What did she do while she was with the Fatui?
The Knave: As far as I recall, she was never dispatched by Her Majesty to claim a Gnosis or anything like that.
The Knave: The Tsaritsa's plans had long contained a place specifically for her.
Marionette: I always thought that was weird. What could she do that the rest of us couldn't?
Paimon: Knowing what we do now, it's probably something related to kuuvahki, right?
Marionette: More than likely. When she first arrived, Columbina would often go to Her Majesty and ask when she could start the task assigned to her.
Marionette: But Her Majesty always gave the same reply: "The time has not yet come." So she spent her days in Snezhnaya doing basically nothing.
Marionette: "The Tsaritsa has summoned a beautiful blind maiden to be a Harbinger, giving her the third seat by virtue only of her enchanting voice."
The Damselette: (...)
Marionette: It was a dumb and stupid rumor. But the reality of the situation made it hard to refute.
Varka: And what happened after that?
Marionette: I imagine she stopped caring.
Marionette: She no longer seemed to care why she had been recruited, and Her Majesty never gave her any missions, so she just... continued to sing in the flower garden.
Marionette: For my part, I was busy — so busy, in fact, that watching someone be that idle had me fuming. But still, I got the sense that...
Marionette: ...That she had long been used to a life of other people claiming she was needed when she wasn't.
The Damselette: (I... just felt that having a place to stay would cost me something eventually.)
The Damselette: (And so I waited quietly for the day that I would have to pay the price...)
Marionette: *sigh* And on the other end of that spectrum, you had me. Someone once told me that I had "the lousiest work and the toughest luck." Heh, that's a good way of putting it.
Marionette: I forget who said it... But those words have always stuck with me.
Traveler: #(Sounds like something {REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]} would say... No wonder.)
The Damselette: (But you've done your job exceptionally well all this time. Because at heart, you are a conscientious person.)
Traveler: Thanks for telling us all this.
Marionette: What is it? Something come to mind?
Traveler: It's nothing. I'm just even more eager to learn her name now...
Traveler: I want to shout it to her from the rooftops.
Varka: Hehe, that makes sense. Nothing screams "you are needed!" like your name shouted from across the town.
Marionette: Well, good luck with it. But if you ask me, "Columbina" is still the most shoutable name.
Marionette: I'm just so used to it now, after all the arguments we've had. I can't be bothered trying to remember another name for her.
The Knave: Nor I.
The Damselette: (Sandrone... Arlecchino...)
Black Screen Text: You chat further about interesting moments from Columbina's past. But soon, the time comes for you to part.
Paimon: Huh, it's a Seelie! Does that mean Nicole has news for us?
Varka: Ladies, I thank you for your hospitality. If the chance ever comes up, I definitely owe you both a drink sometime.
The Knave: I'm sure it will.
Marionette: You can make your own way out. Heck, you've been here enough times, you probably know your way around better than I do.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Take care, everyone.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: We'll be in touch if the situation changes.
Paimon: Okay, time to do what adventurers do best — follow that Seelie!

## Talk 20

#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Here you are.
Albedo: Ah, Hat Guy.
Durin: How come you're back so soon? Did things go alright with the Fatui?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Fine. Dottore's been summoned home by the Tsaritsa. Couldn't get much more than that.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: How about you? Any progress with the investigation?
Durin: Unfortunately not...
Durin: We've tried everything. Different phantoms, different locations, different points in history, but the results are the same each time.
Albedo: Abyssal monsters roaming the land, people crying out in despair, with no hope of being rescued.
Durin: Every time I see it, I can't help but think... is this what it was like in Mondstadt when Dragonspine-Durin attacked?
Durin: And... if I fail in the task I've been given... will I create yet another tragedy?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...That's just meaningless speculation.
Albedo: When we encountered similar phenomena previously, I tried to interfere with those illusions, using sounds and lights to guide them.
Albedo: However, we could not change their fates. At most, we were able to extend their existences.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: The events of the past are like fate that has been written into Irminsul. There isn't a living thing in Teyvat that can escape its past...
Albedo: But Ms. Alice instructed us to try to find ways to change the outcome that these phantoms face.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It's an impossible task. Can't you just refuse?
Durin: Since she asked us to do this, I feel like it can't truly be impossible. Or, if it is... Well, mages can make the impossible possible.
Durin: I could not have been born as "Durin" otherwise.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But you also said that your past thirty-nine attempts were fruitless.
Durin: That's true...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But you're still going?
Durin: Yes.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: After this many futile attempts, surely you realize that you're not doing this because you still believe what some mage told you.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It's because you want her hypothesis to come true. It's something you wish for deep inside.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: So, think for yourself about what you want to do. As long as you don't believe it's futile, it isn't.
Durin: ...Yeah!
Albedo: Previous experience indicates that we cannot touch the phantoms, which limits the effectiveness of our interventions.
Albedo: If we want to clear this hurdle, we need to break this rule somehow.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Same thought here. Following the same rules means repeating the same failures — reducing ourselves to mere playthings of fate.
Durin: So you mean... we need to figure out a way to make contact with them, despite knowing that we can't?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Yes. And I suspect that's something only you are capable of.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Everything in Teyvat is logged in Irminsul, but The Withering that once occurred in Sumeru was a sign that that great world tree was being corrupted.
Albedo: This corruption allowed things that should not have existed in Teyvat to appear... This is tantamount to rewriting reality to an extent.
Durin: You're saying, Abyssal power might be able to affect these phantoms?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: No one's ever tried it before. If you're gonna try it, it'll take courage, and you have to be confident that you can control it.
Razmaspes: Is anyone there!? Has anyone seen my daughter...?
Razmaspes: She's missing. I... I have to find her...
Razmaspes: I hear someone inside... Spargana? Are you in there?
Razmaspes: Aaaargh!
Durin: If I can use my Abyssal powers to warn him that there is danger here... maybe it'll change his decision. Maybe he'll stay away.
Albedo: Yes. The important thing is not the nature of the power, but rather how you use it.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: To intimidate and obstruct... Hmph. Sounds about right for the Abyss.
Durin: ...Let me try. I should be able to influence that thing.

## Talk 22

Durin: He... He really left! We did it!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Don't celebrate too soon. Follow him, see what he does next.

## Talk 24

Razmaspes: The barrier's gone too. How odd...
Razmaspes: Anyway, I guess I'll keep going.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Quickly, let's keep up.

## Talk 26

Razmaspes: So many... monsters...!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: There's still a chance, Durin. Use the traps.

## Talk 27

Flins: ...Which is why we need a lantern guaranteed to work on the moon.
Albedo: Yes. I have a few ideas, but... The lantern itself is the easy part. The real issue is how little we know about the lunar environment.
Durin: Wait... you two are serious about this?
Flins: Hehe. Let's just say I'm intrigued by these shining magical stones that Mr. Albedo has mentioned.

## Talk 28

Durin: This is a new development... I've never seen this happen before...
Durin: We might just be able to save this person.

## Talk 30

Razmaspes: Hello there... Have you seen my daughter? Spargana's her name. She's carrying a large backpack...
Gaoramus: ...Get out while you still can, you fool... You won't find any survivors here...
Razmaspes: But I can't just leave her here. She must be so scared right now...
Gaoramus: *sigh* ...Sorry, wish I could help, but I haven't seen her. You'll just have to keep looking.
Razmaspes: Okay. Thank you.
Razmaspes: If I do find her, I'll get her to shelter and come back for you.
Gaoramus: Don't bother. I've got nowhere left to go.
Monster: ——
Razmaspes: What's that noise...?
Razmaspes: M—Monster... Aaaaahhh!
Durin: ...If he goes inside, he'll be walking into a trap. Let's try this once more — this time, we have to stop him.

Black Screen Text: The rescue has reached a dead end. All that can be done is to wait for another chance.

## Talk 31

Razmaspes: H—Hello, I'm looking for... Huh!?
Phryazantus: Looking for what? Everything here belongs to me!
Phryazantus: Get him, boys!
Razmaspes: Aghhh!

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.

## Talk 32

Razmaspes: Huh? That's... That looks like one of my daughter's books!
Razmaspes: Oh, thank you, thank you...
Razmaspes: Yes, it's one of hers for sure — there's her name on it, right there! She left her backpack here.
Monster: ——
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Durin, just like last time! Use the explosives!

## Talk 33

The Damselette: Are you out for a walk too?
The Damselette: Missing text (458268274)
The Damselette: Oh...
The Damselette: The day has come at last...
The Damselette: Missing text (2092602122)

## Talk 35

Razmaspes: That's my daughter's book! She's passed this way! Why... Why won't you let me go in!?
Razmaspes: I've searched, and searched, and searched... just for this! But how will I find her without any clues!?
Monster: ——
Razmaspes: I...
Razmaspes: I no longer have anywhere else to go...

## Talk 36

Durin: It won't work... there's not enough left. If he makes it in, he'll die.
Durin: But then... This clue could be the key to him finding his daughter...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It might not be the only one. Better he misses that clue than loses his life.
Durin: I guess so...

## Talk 38

Durin: I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
Durin: He refuses to go anywhere else... Whether he opens this door or not, all that awaits him now is death. We... couldn't change his fate.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
Durin: Albedo, Hat Guy, let's try one more time. I don't know how we're going to do this, but I don't want to give up either.
Razmaspes: Why am I here... What's going on? All these scenes running through my head... Where are they from?
Durin: Huh? What's going on?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
Albedo: His reactions have changed.
Razmaspes: How many times have I... What's happening to me? I—I...
Razmaspes: Huh. Wait. Who are you?
Durin: Y—You can see us now?
Razmaspes: I... feel like I always could, but that I only just "realized" you were there... I'm sorry. I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling.
Razmaspes: But... You were the ones guiding me using that marked barrier, right?
Razmaspes: I haven't done anything yet, but those monsters, those deaths... They feel like memories. Like things I really did experience...
Razmaspes: I... I won't find my daughter. In fact, I'll ultimately die trying to find her. Isn't that right?
Durin: Wh... No, it isn't.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Yes, it is.
Albedo: Even so, we're trying to find a way out of this.
Razmaspes: You've not seen my daughter either, have you?
Durin: Hmm...
Razmaspes: It seems she really isn't here...
Razmaspes: Ugh... Oh... Ohh...
Durin: ...I'm sorry we couldn't help you.
Razmaspes: ...
Razmaspes: I'm just... tired. Maybe this is destiny. Maybe it doesn't matter how hard I search...
Razmaspes: How long do I have left?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Experience says fifteen to twenty minutes.
Razmaspes: Fifteen to twenty... *sigh*
Razmaspes: Thank you for all your help. Let's rest a while. You look exhausted too...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Now's not the time for you to start pitying us.
Razmaspes: Haha, it's not pity... I'm just... realizing that I've only got ten or so minutes left, you know?
Razmaspes: You say you're from Mondstadt, yes? A place with windmills, where the people enjoy limitless freedom?
Razmaspes: And you're from Sumeru, where they've built an academy into a giant tree?
Albedo: Yes. It seems you've never heard of either place.
Razmaspes: Those names are unknown to me, I'm afraid, yes. Have you heard of Hyperborea?
Durin: I have, but... I heard that it was destroyed in the distant past...
Razmaspes: I see. That was where my ancestors once lived. What about Delphi Pytho? Was it later rebuilt?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I've never heard that name.
Razmaspes: Then what about Sal Vindagnyr?
Albedo: I have seen that name on stone tablets on Dragonspine, but I'm afraid the only things left of that place are its ruins.
Razmaspes: I see... Sure enough, there was no way to turn this around, huh...
Razmaspes: *sigh* I'm sorry. I was the one who asked to chat, but it seems like we're too many ages apart. There's barely any common ground to start from.
Albedo: It's alright. We did hear something new, at least.
Razmaspes: From how you speak of your lives, things must be going alright for you, I guess?
Durin: They are. Mondstadt is a place of freedom and happiness. There's a lot of good people in the Church and the Knights of Favonius, and even outsiders find that it's an easy place to feel at home.
Durin: We have festivals a few times a year... everyone gets together to drink, sing, and be merry...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Sumeru's a lot more uptight. Not really the kind of place where you can relax. It's a nation fraught with problems wherever you look.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But if all you want in life is to seek knowledge, I guess it's pretty much paradise.
Razmaspes: That's wonderful.
Razmaspes: In other words, after this all-devouring black tide passed, humanity did not merely avoid extinction, but rose to build prosperous civilizations anew.
Razmaspes: I mean, I can see you all right now. That must mean the future isn't a total mess, right?
Durin: ...That's true.
Razmaspes: Well, time's almost up. Let's part ways, I think. Might be best if you don't waste too much time on me.
Razmaspes: The chances are slim, I know, but I'd like to spend these last few minutes looking for Spargana. If things work out, I'd love to tell her about all that I've heard.
Razmaspes: May we meet again... Well, or not, most probably... In that case, may your wishes come true.
Albedo: He's gone. In a few minutes, he will meet the end that was his to begin with.
Albedo: The ending of this tale did not change, but I believe that we've just made the most progress we have yet.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: "May your wishes come true"... If only it were so simple.
Durin: Hat Guy, could I ask you a question?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Hmm?
Durin: You've never talked about your past. It seems complicated... and it weighs heavily on you, too.
Durin: Would you be willing to tell me about it? I mean, sometimes it's better to get things out in the open. Take that guy we tried to help, for instance — at least he said goodbye with a smile, right?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
Durin: I know about Albedo's past. Our experiences are very similar, and he created me.
Durin: As for you, you're my first friend, and you've witnessed every step I've taken. But by comparison, I know nothing about you.
Durin: Either way, I mean, we're still best friends! But... if I knew more about you, I might understand your thoughts a bit better...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I've told you about myself. I'm a student at the Akademiya.
Durin: And what did you do before that?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Prepared for the entrance exam.
Durin: ...Alright. If you really don't want to talk about it, I won't press you any further.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I was a puppet bu{RUBY#[D]Simulanka}ilt from the branches of a white tree, using technology left behind by the Khaenri'ahn schools of mechanical engineering.
Albedo: A white tree? You mean an Irminsul tree?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Yes. A branch of Irminsul that was once connected to the main tree.
Durin: So you had a human creator too...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Yeah. But my creator abandoned me after deciding that I was a failure.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: After that...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Durin, resisting the influence of the Abyss, suppressing the urge to destroy, trying to do the right thing... None of these things are easy.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But no matter how hard they are, trying to rewrite past wrongs is far harder.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You asked me if you would create a new tragedy if you failed. I told you there was no point speculating about that.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But the real answer is... Yes. You absolutely will.
Durin: Hat Guy...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But at least you've got people here to help steer you away from the wrong path. So... just keep aiming towards the light.
Durin: I will. I promise.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Alright. Break time's over.
Dodocommunication Device: Dodo!
Durin: Hello? Durin speaking...
Alice: Hello friends, it's me. What have you been up to, hmm? I'm detecting some unmistakable fluctuations here at the border.
Alice: The amplitude isn't particularly high, but they're completely different signals from the ones before. And the scale is comparable to those I've detected previously.
Albedo: Alice, we were unable to save that person. However, he appears to have retained a portion of the memories gained through that cycle, and was able to hold a conversation with us.
Alice: I see... Well, that is rather odd indeed. It definitely merits further attention.
Alice: Could I trouble you to keep trying the same approach? I need to gather some more data. Counting on you~!
Alice: ...Hmm, I should probably have Nicole come and check this out as well.

## Talk 39

Nicole: There you are. I was worried you might stop to collect treasure chests opened by the Seelie along the way... It would have taken you so much longer to get here.
The Damselette: (*sigh*... Another conversation I cannot hear...)
Nicole: I am delighted to see that you understand what takes priority, and that your adventurer's instinct has not swayed your resolve. Really, I must applaud you for it... You should know—
Paimon: (Agh, Paimon's head...)
Nicole: ...Okay, I'll try and keep it short... My senses are telling me that this is where we shall find the entrance to the ruins.
Paimon: Oh, cool. Well, what are we waiting for? Let's open it up and see!
Nicole: Patience. This was a sanctuary of great importance to the Hyperboreans. A special process is required to open the gate.
Paimon: Oh... like the place that housed the Eternal Moon's Marrow?
Traveler: Seems like the ancients were very fond of making tricky gate puzzles...
Varka: Mkay, so what's the plan? Need us to do anything? ...Uh, and just the short version, if you can!
Nicole: Ah. Alright then. I was planning to start with some background on the invention of these techniques... Are you sure you don't want to hear it? It's quite informative.
Paimon: Remember what you were saying about priorities...?
Nicole: Fine. Simply put, we need three human representatives to successfully undergo a process of kuuvahki resonance.
Nicole: Think of it as a test from the three moon goddesses to see if the entrants are qualified, with the most recognizable qualification being kuuvahki.
Paimon: Pretty sure Lauma would ace that test! ...Oh, wait, but we need three people...
Nicole: I also have no doubt that the Moonchanter would be qualified. But we would need two other people with the same constitution.
Nicole: Therefore, the most feasible method is not so much to follow the rules, but to figure out how the test functions and find a workaround.
Nicole: I've done some research, and it turns out the mechanism is rather crude. We'll simply need humans to stand before it who have sufficient kuuvahki energy within them.
Varka: I'm with you so far. How do we get the kuuvahki in them?
Nicole: Hmm... The easiest way would be transfusion. Take some kuuvahki from Nod-Krai's soil, put it into the bloodstream, and get it circulating in the body.
Lauma: So, we're going to... cheat on the test?
Nicole: Precisely. There are other methods, but this is the simplest one. Cheating the system is much easier than trying to hide from it.
Lauma: Huh...? ...Ah!
Nicole: Sorry? Does the idea of cheating upset you, Miss Lauma?
Lauma: ...No, that's not it. I just... I suddenly had an idea!
Paimon: Ooh, what is it?
Lauma: It's about Moon-Prayer Night. I've figured out a way for Kuutar to join in the festivities!
The Damselette: (Eh...?)
Lauma: But as Paimon said, we need to have our priorities straight. Let's get back to the test — I'll follow up with Nefer on the festival arrangements.
Paimon: Oh, uh, okay. Anyway, is this really the best method we have? A kuuvahki transfusion sounds dangerous, no matter how you slice it...
Nicole: If you think that's dangerous, wait till you hear the other methods... I'd be more than happy to go through them if you'd like? There are several—
Paimon: No need! We're good! Let's go with this one!
Nicole: Very well. Kuuvahki transfusion it is. Now, I should mention that the risks can be greater or lower depending on individual compatibility.
Nicole: It would be rash to simply infuse the kuuvahki and hope for the best. If the body rejects it, the reaction can be quite severe.
Nicole: The symptoms are similar to another condition that some people living here suffer from, known as congenital kuuvahki sensitivity.
Nicole: So, before we execute our plan, I will perform a simple test of my own to see who is compatible, and who is not.
Nicole: Once that is done, we will have to complete the resonance process as rapidly as possible. The participants must remain stationary while the kuuvahki circulates and bonds with them, and they mustn't eat or drink anything.
Paimon: What? No eating or drinking?
Varka: That's some hardcore fasting... They'll all be monks by the time they're through.
Traveler: How long will they have to keep that up?
Nicole: Three days.
Paimon: That's so long! And we still need to find two more people who are not just compatible, but also willing to volunteer...
The Damselette: (Fasting...? What are they talking about...?)
Traveler: I'm willing to volunteer.
Paimon: Really? Don't you wanna think this through?
Varka: Haha, count me in, too. Three days without food? I can handle that.
Varka: Ms. Nicole has made it clear that this is the easiest way. The way I see it, there's nothing else to discuss. It's time to step up.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Compared to having Columbina disappear completely...
    Option 2:
        Traveler: ...Fasting for a few days is nothing.
The Damselette: (...)
Paimon: Yeah. You're right. I—In that case, Paimon volunteers to be captain of logistics! She'll keep the fires lit and grab some spare clothes to keep you comfortable!
Traveler: Good work, Paimon.
Nicole: #Then we'll start with you first, Traveler. Please step forward.
Nicole: How is it going? Do you feel anything?
Traveler: No.
Nicole: How about now?
Traveler: No.
Nicole: And now?
Traveler: Still nothing.
Nicole: Huh... Wh—What about now?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Nothing at all.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Did you do something?
Paimon: You guys... it's not a competition, you know...
Nicole: Alright, I'm officially impressed. Even as a Descender, you can withstand far more than I imagined...
Nicole: It's like I summoned a giant stone titan to arm wrestle you, and your arm hasn't even moved an inch.
Nicole: In my last attempt, I infused five times the amount of kuuvahki required.
Traveler: That much!?
Nicole: Yes. Safe to say, compatibility won't be an issue for you. You're eligible to join.
Nicole: You're next, Mr. Varka.
Varka: Sure. Here goes nothing.
Nicole: Alright. I'll start where we left off — five times the required kuuvahki dose...
Varka: Whoa whoa whoa, hey, hey, wait a minute...
Varka: Ugh... Ugh...
Paimon: Uh... How's it going?
Varka: N—Not great, I uh... kinda wanna puke. Feels like I've been drinking too much... a few bottles of wine, then a big stein of "Dark Horse"... with some hard liquor from Liyue mixed in...
Nicole: Hehe.
Varka: You think this is funny? I just lost to a young lady in an arm-wrestling contest. I'm never gonna live that down!
Nicole: My apologies. I'll lower the concentration and try again.
Varka: ...
Paimon: How's it going now?
Varka: I'm not as dizzy as last time, but I can still feel it pulsing around.
Nicole: In that case, you wouldn't be an ideal choice, Mr. Varka. Let's try someone else.
Paimon: Okay, let's go ask some of our other friends, then!
Lauma: ...
Nicole: No surprises here, Miss Moonchanter. You're perfectly compatible. You may join.
Nefer: ...
Nefer: I'm getting a slight headache.
Nicole: Shame. You were so close.
Jahoda: ...
Jahoda: Whoa, I—I'm itching all over...
Nicole: Allergic reaction. We can't have that.
Aino: ...
Aino: Well? Are you gonna start or what?
Nicole: The Hexenzirkel is an organization that cares for and protects children. We will not have them do dangerous things — not even tests.
Ineffa: ...
Ineffa: Is something the matter?
Nicole: The candidates have to be human.
Flins: (I guess that rules me out too.)
Varka: Huh, everyone except the Moonchanter got beaten. Guess I don't need to feel so bad after all... Ahem, uh, I mean, looks like this isn't gonna be as easy as we thought.
Lauma: Perhaps I could ask for volunteers among the Frostmoon Scions.
Flins: Hmm... I'll see about talking to some trusted Lightkeeper colleagues. Illuga springs to mind.
Flins: In fact, I think we had some former Frostmoon Scions join our ranks recently.
Aino: Can you gimme the scientific explanation for how the test works? I can probably make some kind of test-bot.
Aino: Then, we can just zip through Nasha Town, going up to people and pressing a button to check their status. Wouldn't that be way easier?
Nicole: No.
Paimon: Wow, no elaboration for once!
Varka: How about I contact the Knights of Favonius garrison in the Wavechaser Plain? Shame that Lohen's already left. That guy's even tougher than I am...
Nicole: Strange... The moon goddess is clearly revered by many people, so why is she on the brink of disappearing?
Paimon: She mentioned that the world has rejected her from the very beginning...
Lauma: And when we fought the Rächer of Solnari, it seemed like she exhausted her power for our sake...
Paimon: Also, Paimon's not sure "revered" is the right word for how people feel about her.
Varka: Gratitude, certainly. For my part, anyway.
Nefer: It's basic reciprocity. She helped us, so she deserves our help in return.
Jahoda: Yeah, even though she looked like she didn't care... She still saved a ton of people — including me.
Ineffa: A review of the relevant data leads me to conclude that Miss Columbina is a good person.
Aino: Yup, you bet!
The Damselette: (They really think so...?)
Jahoda: I'm super surprised that "Columbina" isn't her actual name, though. I think it really suits her. It's light and graceful, and... yeah, just a really pretty name!
Aino: I know, right?
Nefer: Unfortunately, that's not our decision to make.
The Damselette: ("Columbina"... That was the codename the Fatui gave me. But it also came up in the song I heard when I was born...)
The Damselette: (But... is that really all there is to it? What do I truly think of my own name...?)
The Damselette: (Is there anyone left who will still call me by that name?)
Traveler: (...She told me to pick whichever name took my fancy. Why did I pick "Columbina"?)
Traveler: (Maybe because I felt that she never wanted to become Kuu{RUBY#[S]The Moon Maiden}tar, and be worshiped as a god...)
Flins: Moon-Prayer Night is getting closer by the day. We're running out of time. We need to look for other candidates.
The Knave: Then allow me to try.
Paimon: Huh? What are you doing here?
The Knave: You contacted your friends via the Adventurers' Guild. Sandrone has been keeping an eye out for something like that, so she informed me.
The Knave: Since I have the ability to accommodate a Moon Marrow, I should prove to be a suitable candidate.
The Damselette: (Arlecchino...)
The Knave: When can we begin?
Nicole: I see... We can begin right away.
The Knave: ...
Nicole: How was it? Did you feel any discomfort?
The Knave: None at all.
Nicole: Then it seems we shan't need to look for additional candidates after all.
Paimon: Great!
Aino: Cool. Alright, like Paimon said, the rest of us can take turns making sure the three of 'em stay warm and comfy.
Ineffa: Then my job is to take care of the caretakers. I will ensure everyone receives food and accommodation.
Traveler: Let's do this. No time to waste.
Lauma: I'm ready as well.
Nicole: The work is done, the sacred scroll shut. The stars grow dim, the people silent. The white sun sets, the silver moon rises. O path to the temple, appear now before us.
Paimon: Wow, it really opened!
The Damselette: (So that's what all this is about. They've been trying to open this gate...)
The Knave: With a calm mind, this proved not too arduous. Come, let us enter.
Traveler: Wait...
Ineffa: It might be best to eat something first. Take care to chew properly and swallow slowly. It will give your body time to readjust to the digestion process.
The Damselette: (They will head in soon.)
The Damselette: (They will need to enter this gate...)
The Damselette: Huh...?
The Damselette: (I... cannot pass through. Is it because I have no physical body?)
The Damselette: Ugh... Aah...
The Damselette: (It has been three days... My strength has all but completely faded...)
The Damselette: (Can I really... hold on until Moon-Prayer Night...?)

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Nefer: You should get going. It's important that we ascertain what Kuutar likes.

### Additional Talk 2

Varka: Miss Lauma, would you accompany me into town? I think it'd be best if you saw the Frostmoon Scions' decorations for yourself.
Lauma: Very well. Let's go.

### Additional Talk 3

Razmaspes: Hello there. I'm looking for my daughter. She carries a large backpack. Have you seen her?
Maina: I did see a few young girls... None with a backpack, but surely she would've ditched it, no?
Maina: *sigh* What are you even doing here? How are you going to get back out?
Maina: Not only are there monsters, but there's explosives too... If only my legs would work properly, I'd... *cough*
Razmaspes: That's fine. That's all I needed to hear. Thanks for telling me.
Monster: ——
Razmaspes: Ugh, another monster...
Razmaspes: Aaaaaaggghhh!
Durin: I guess we can't let him in here either.

Black Screen Text: The rescue has reached a dead end. All that can be done is to wait for another chance.

Fleeing Person C: Ah! Someone help me!

### Additional Talk 4

Razmaspes: Aaaargh!
[Missing Dialog 60269906]

### Additional Talk 5

Black Screen Text: #After leaving the Kuuvahki Experimental Design Bureau, {REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]} goes to meet Durin and Albedo, who are observing the phantoms.

### Additional Talk 6

Jahoda: Could you do me a solid and try to smooth things over with Boss Nef?

### Additional Talk 7

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.

Razmaspes: Ah!

### Additional Talk 8

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.

Razmaspes: H—Help me...!
[Missing Dialog 60269907]

### Additional Talk 9

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.

Razmaspes: H—Help me...!
[Missing Dialog 60269907]

### Additional Talk 10

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.

Razmaspes: Ah!

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NONE): Missing text (870763074)

### Additional Talk 12

Black Screen Text: The phantom has met its end and returned to his place of origin.