(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act VI Melting Moonlight in the Morning Mist)

# The Night the Moon Returns Home

The Moon-Prayer Night has come. On this final night, what memories will she leave behind?


## Objective 24

(Go to Nasha Town)


## Talk 25

(Talk to your companions)

The Damselette: This feels like... the surprise of my life.
Traveler: Do you like it?
The Damselette: I do. I never imagined I'd ever get to enjoy Moon-Prayer Night with everyone so freely...
Paimon: Hehe, if you're happy, we're happy!
Nefer: Quite a strategy you came up with — hide the tree in the forest... It's not your usual style, Lauma. Is there something about Moon-Prayer Night that enhances what's in your head as well as the antlers on top?
Lauma: Apparently so. It even inspired a perennial penny pincher to use their resources for a greater cause. It truly is a magical festival.
Nefer (Nefer & Lauma): ...
The Damselette: (I see it now. This bickering is actually a sign of a strong relationship.)
Durin: Huh? What's everyone doing here?
Durin: Oh! Miss Columbina! You're back!
The Damselette: Yes. I'm fine now... thanks for your concern.
Paimon: How's your progress with Alice's assignment?
Durin: Very well indeed. I've never heard her sound so excited.
Traveler: Isn't she always quite excitable?
Durin: Not like this... This time, her excitement seems more serious. Seems like she's had a major breakthrough.
Durin: She said she'll contact us once she knows more. In the meantime, we're free to relax and have some fun.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Enjoy the time off while it lasts. I have a feeling that our next task won't be so simple.
Lauma: Mm... I should go. I still have a few things to attend to at the Frostmoon Scions' stall.
Nefer: And I think I'll take a look around. With any luck, this once-in-a-year festival will come with once-in-a-year opportunities.
Paimon: Hold up a second, where's Varka?
Lauma: I believe he made a beeline for The Flagship the moment he entered Nasha Town.
Paimon: Ah. That's Mondstadters for you — they know what they want when festivals roll around...
Lauma: Goodbye for now, Columbina. I hope you have a wonderful night.
The Damselette: I will.
Paimon: Hehe, well in that case, don't just stand there — get out there and have some fun! You'll definitely get a warm welcome at every stall!
Paimon: Oh, also — take this map with you. It's a guide to the festival.
Paimon: The Frostmoon Scions' stall is over here. Lauma's invited a whole bunch of cute animals to celebrate too.
Paimon: Over there is the Hexenzirkel section. Alice seemed more excited than anyone about this festival, so she insisted on making it a grand affair.
Paimon: Oh, and then there's the Nasha Town local specialties, including... actually, forget that, better if you go check them out for yourself!
The Damselette: Thank you. It looks like a lot of fun.
Traveler: Enjoy your Moon-Prayer Night.
The Damselette: You're not coming with me?
Paimon: We'll be around! But don't you wanna browse by yourself for a bit first?
The Damselette: Um...

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's fine, don't worry.

Option 2:

> Traveler: We'll be nearby.

Paimon: Yup! If you find something you like and wanna try it out together, just give us a shout — we'll be right with you!
Paimon: Otherwise, just relax and enjoy yourself! There's so much on offer, so try to experience as much as you can... and don't forget to stuff yourself with all the delicious festival food!
Traveler: We'll probably run into each other while we're browsing.
The Damselette: Haha. Alright, then... Off I go.
Traveler: Have fun!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Jahoda: (Wow. The Frostmoon Scions' stall looks kinda plain, but it's pretty cool once you get into it.)
Jahoda: (I don't go to Hiisi Island much, but it's got that, like... "olde worlde" cultural feel.)
Jahoda: (Heh, and if culture means we get more festivals, I'm all for it!)
The Damselette: Hello, Jahoda.
Jahoda: Whoa! Columbin— Uhh, hello, Moon Goddess!
Jahoda: (That was too close! I almost gave the game away in front of the staff! ...Wait, what's the deal with her shoes? They don't make a sound when she walks! I could do with a pair of those...)
The Damselette: Do you like balloons too?
Jahoda: Balloons? Oh... you mean those.
Jahoda: (What's so fun about balloons? I'm not a kid anymore... They're probably more up Aino's alley.)
The Damselette: Yes. The animals seem very curious about these strange flying objects. I was drawn here by their voices.
The Damselette: I recently learned a fun new game you can play with balloons, so I decided to come and give it a try.
Jahoda: A new game...?
The Damselette: Hello.
Reetta: Ah, welcome home, Moon Goddess. Here to buy some balloons?
The Damselette: Yes. Could you give me a few that haven't been inflated yet?
Reetta: Hmm? Are you sure? ...I guess it's not a problem, but...
The Damselette: Yes please. Thank you.
Jahoda: (Uninflated balloons? But those are just... little rubber pouches. What does she want with those?)
The Damselette: Would you like to play the balloon game, Jahoda?
Jahoda: Huh? Uh, sure, I guess? How do you play it...?
The Damselette: Wait here a moment.
Jahoda: Oh...
Jahoda: (Ugh... This is so weird. What have I gotten myself into now?)
The Knave: Hmm? I thought I saw Columbina nearby.
Jahoda: (Uh-oh! That's... The Fourth Harbinger! ...Although, she's helped us out quite a bit. She's good people, right?)
Jahoda: (Is she looking for Columbina? Phew. Guess that's my ticket out of here. I'm not sure my heart can take being sandwiched between two Harbingers!)
The Knave: ...
Jahoda: (Which stall is she checking out? Oh, it's that other Frostmoon Scions one — try on the headgear, see what it's like having antlers or animal ears for a day.)
Jahoda: (I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that stuff... So embarrassing. I have enough gear to carry as it is...)
Jahoda: (Wait, what!? She put it on!?)
The Knave: (...How peculiar. This would take some getting used to... I wonder if this is what it's like for Lynette?)
Zirnytsia: It really suits you, Ma'am.
Zirnytsia: (What is this? She was so intimidating a moment ago, but now... Dang, she's really rockin' those ears! How does she make 'em look so cool?)
The Knave: (Hmph... I suppose I may as well keep them on for now. All part of the festive experience.)
The Knave: Hmm?
Jahoda: (She's coming this way!)
The Knave: How do you do, Miss Jahoda?
Jahoda: (Oh geez, don't talk to me while wearing that thing! Where am I supposed to look!?)
Jahoda: Oh, uh... Hey there.
The Knave: I'm looking for Columbina. Have you seen her?
Jahoda: Ah, sh—she, she just... Huh!?
The Damselette: Hehe.
Jahoda: (W—W—Wait, is THAT what she meant by "balloon game"—)
The Damselette: ...Hyah!
The Knave: !
Jahoda: ...
Jahoda: No fair, how come I get caught in the crossfire!?
The Knave: An ambush from the rear? Is this a declaration of war, Columbina?
The Damselette: Would you like to play too, Arlecchino?
Jahoda: (Seriously!? Are they gonna start some beef right here, right now?)
The Knave: Gladly. That said, I believe there is another who would like to join.
Jahoda: ...! Boss! Boss Nef! Thank goodness! You've gotta get me outta here, things are kicking off big time!
Nefer: Hello there. I'd like ten... No, make that twenty balloons, please. Uninflated.
Jahoda: ...Huh?
Nefer: Miss Moon Goddess, I hope you're prepared to pay the price for assaulting my employee?
The Damselette: Haha. Welcome to the game, Nefer.
Nefer: Just to be clear, let's keep this a fair fight, okay? No strange powers, please and thank you.
The Knave: Naturally.
Nefer: Hmm? Don't just stand there, Jahoda — aren't you going to team up with me?
Jahoda: Huh? Do I have to?
Nefer: Of course. Don't forget, the Curatorium has a reputation to uphold.
Jahoda: ...I knew something like this was gonna happen!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Kaarina: ...Sunny days! I prefer sunny days!
Flins (A Talking Magic Lamp (?)): Aw, well you are as warm as the sun itself, Moon Goddess.
Flins (A Talking Magic Lamp (?)): Very well, I believe your spirit animal has to be...
Flins (A Talking Magic Lamp (?)): ...This most adorable Chic Badger.
Kaarina: Wow! Thank you, Mister Talking Magic Lamp!
Flins (A Talking Magic Lamp (?)): Haha. Have a very happy festival, Moon Goddess.
Paimon: Flins? That's you, isn't it?
Flins: #Shh. It's our little secret, my dear Traveler and Paimon.
Paimon: Uh... Okay, sure, but... Why are you here selling sugar sculptures?
Flins: Everyone celebrates in their own way. After gazing into the Abyss and spending time around gravestones all year, what better way to relax than to see sunny smiles on the faces of the living?
Flins: Besides that, I like to think of myself as a fair judge of character. I daresay matching personalities to confections suits me rather well.
Paimon: That's not what Paimon was talking about! Aren't you afraid that your true identity might be exposed?
Flins: Hmm? Should I be? There is all manner of magic in the air this Moon-Prayer Night, thanks to the work of the great mages.
Flins: I see Miss Columbina is hiding in plain sight — why should I not do the same? Why miss this rare opportunity to enjoy a special evening in my true form?
Paimon: Fair enough, you've got a point there. People who don't know you will probably think you're just a talking lantern.
Flins: Haha... Well, now that we see eye to eye, what brings you here? Not a search for your spirit animal, I presume?
Paimon: Ah, well actually... Here, see for yourself!
Flins: Oh, this is... how wonderful. A beautiful idea.
Paimon: Yeah. We just met Varka, and he said that having everyone draw their own section was kinda boring... so he did your bit for you.
Flins: Haha... Ah, Varka. Ever the maverick. I see his artistic skills are... truly one of a kind.
Flins: In that case, I shall paint something on Mr. Albedo's behalf in a short while.
Paimon: What? Why not now?
Flins: ...Ahem. Welcome home, Moon Goddess.
Paimon: (...! That was close...)
The Damselette: Hello, Flins.
Paimon: ...She recognized you right away!
Flins: Haha, what keen eyes you have, Miss Columbina... Um, especially considering they are shut.
The Damselette: I did not see you. Rather, I sensed you. I can sense the fluctuations in kuuvahki all around me.
Flins: One would expect no less of the Moon Goddess. Might I interest you in some candy?
The Damselette: Yes, please.
Flins: Excellent, I shall make some for you right away.
The Damselette: ...Hmm?
Flins: Something the matter, Miss Columbina?
The Damselette: ...What about my "spirit animal"? All the other children carrying sugar sculptures are talking about it.
Paimon: (Wait, is she taking the test seriously?)
Flins: Ah, my apologies. How could I neglect that?
Flins: You are quite right, Miss Columbina. Every one of us has a magical creature living in their heart. Would you permit me to help you find yours?
The Damselette: Yes, please.
Flins: ...Do you prefer the day, or the night?
The Damselette: Night.
Flins: Which of the four seasons is your favorite?
The Damselette: Winter.
Flins: Think of a perfect day. What is the weather like? Sunny? Rainy? Or perhaps, cloudy?
The Damselette: Rainy in the morning, sunny at night.
Paimon: (...What kind of answer is that!?)
Flins: Forests, lakes, and open seas — which do you prefer of these?
The Damselette: I like them all.
Flins: Imagine you opened your very own shop. What would you sell there?
The Damselette: Hmm... Moonlight, I think.
Paimon: (Wow. Paimon would totally shop there.)
Traveler: How much would it sell for?
The Damselette: It wouldn't cost anything. You'd just need to visit.
Flins: Aha. I believe I know what your spirit animal is...
Flins: Here. For you.
Paimon: Ooh, it's a kuuhenki!
Flins: Indeed. A free-spirited being with a deep love for all things here in Nod-Krai, who selflessly lends her aid to as many people as she can reach.
Flins: It is the perfect fit for you, Miss Columbina.
The Damselette: Heh. Thank you.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Flins...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Now I wanna give this a try...

Flins: #Haha. It would be my honor, Traveler.
Flins: But you shall have to forgive me. We have known each other for quite some time... I doubt there is any answer I could give that would come as a surprise to you.
Flins: So, instead... would you accept this sugar sculpture as a token of our friendship?
The Damselette: It's a lantern...
Paimon: Um... Heyyy, uh, why don't you two go enjoy your candy over there? Paimon wants to try out this "spirit animal" thing too! Right, Flins?
Paimon: (C'mon, play ball, gotta get this drawing done!)
The Damselette: But I want to hear Paimon's answers...
Paimon: Ah! But... it'll probably take ages! Paimon's a... complex soul! Uhh... And we don't want your candy to melt while you wait, huh?
The Damselette: Oh... Okay then.
Paimon: Phew...
Flins: Nice excuse, Lady Paimon. That was some quick thinking.
Paimon: Yeah, no thanks to you! A little help next time?
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: #(It's sweet... Is that... Lakkaberry? I wonder what flavor Traveler got...)
Kaarina: This way, this way! It's the candy-selling lantern!
Lemetti: I'm coming!
The Damselette: (Ah! Of course...)
The Damselette: #Traveler, maybe we can share?
Traveler: ...Share?
The Damselette: Yes. I found out recently that people share their food sometimes, so I'd like to try it. Or... is that a no?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Oh, no, we can do that...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Just, uh, don't take too big of a bite...

The Damselette: Thank you.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Hmm... Yours is a little more sour than mine. Here, you try it.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'll just have a little nibble...
> The Damselette: Are you sure?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Don't mind if I do!

The Damselette: Haha... Amazing...
Traveler: What is?
The Damselette: My sugar sculpture has shrunk, yet my heart is filled with feelings of sweetness.
The Damselette: ...I will remember this feeling.
Traveler: Would you like another bite?
The Damselette: Sure.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Katya: "I wish for a never-ending supply of Lakkaberries..."
Katya: What a humble wish. Probably written by a child...
Katya: Hmm? Is that Lauma the Moonchanter...?
Lauma: ...
Katya: "I wish that the Longplume Ibises would stop biting me..."
Katya: Oh dear. Poor Lauma...
Weasel Thief: ♪
Lauma: Alright. I'll write that one down for you.
Forest-Patrol Hound: ~
Lauma: Mm-hmm. I got it.
The Damselette: While everyone else is celebrating Moon-Prayer Night, you're as busy as ever...
Lauma: I don't mind. It's rewarding work. A good kind of busy.
Lauma: My antlers are at their heaviest tonight, and the kuuvahki waves are especially strong...
Lauma: But as I help these dear friends hang their wishes up, I feel a great peace within myself that is hard to describe.
Lauma: You see? They are all such beautiful wishes.
Lauma: ...And they are ones that we can fulfill by our own strength.
The Damselette: Do you blame me, Lauma? I want to hear your honest answer.
The Damselette: It is by the help of so many people that I can return to the moon... But I feel as though I've hardly done anything in return.
Lauma: You've done plenty, Columbina.
Lauma: I say this in earnest, both as someone who knows your history... and also as a friend, who has seen what you've been through.
The Damselette: What about as a Moonchanter?
Lauma: Hah... I feel proud to honor our Moon Goddess's wish, and I'm sure any Moonchanter in history would have felt the same way.
The Damselette: Thank you for your kind words, Lauma.
Lauma: But...
The Damselette: Hmm?
Lauma: ...Since you asked for my honesty, I won't lie to you. My feelings are mixed right now. Besides pride, I also feel...
Lauma: I suppose it's... a reluctance to let go.
Lauma: Once you return to the moon, we will be far apart, and separated by a false sky.
Lauma: I'm sure those of us left behind will gaze up at that sky, yearning for the moon once in a while... just as you used to do.
The Damselette: I will miss you, Lauma. I will miss you all.
Lauma: Hmm...
The Damselette: I hope to stay in touch. I will try and find some way to send messages down from the moon.
Lauma: Perhaps you could use kuuvahki?
Lauma: I've heard Jahoda say that signals can be sent using long and short waves, or strong and weak lights.
The Damselette: Hmm... That sounds a little complicated. What if we forget what the signals mean?
Lauma: We could prepare a codebook beforehand, but... Heh, you're right. It wouldn't really suit you.
Lauma: Still, whatever happens, I believe that you will find your own unique way of communicating with us.
Lauma: And now that I think about that, my heart feels lighter.
The Damselette: Because you trust in me?
Lauma: Yes, I have faith in you, and in the power of truth.
Lauma: In my experience, the truth tends to be difficult. But that's what makes it stand out from what is false.
Lauma: So, I'm confident that your thoughts and your love will shine through the curtain of lies. We will know it when we see it.
The Damselette: Thank you... Now, could you help me hang up my wish?
Lauma: Is this...
The Damselette: I wish that all who dwell in this moonlit world can find a place to belong, and I wish that I shall one day see my friends again.
The Damselette: It's two wishes... I hope that's not too greedy of me?
Lauma: Not at all. And I think you speak for us all with the second one.
Lauma: I shall continue to pray until the day that all of these wishes come true.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Jacek: Dodoco's Whirly Gig! Come check out Dodoco's Whirly Gig!
Jacek: Ah, welcome home, Moon Goddess.
The Damselette: Might I ask what this is?
Jacek: Ah, it's a very special amusement sponsored by the great mage herself! Ride on a soft and furry Dodoco, and embark on an unforgettable adventure!
Jacek: (I say that, but I'm just following a script, here... Who is this mage, anyway? And what the heck's a Dodoco?)
The Damselette: I'd like to ride.
Jacek: No problem. But, uh... are you by yourself?
The Damselette: Is that not okay?
Jacek: Oh, no, it's fine. It's just that each Dodoco can accommodate two passengers. Would you like to bring a friend along?
The Damselette: My friends...
The Damselette: ...!
Paimon: ...That should do it. Now we just need to get everyone else to draw something on it too.
Paimon: But we gotta keep it a secret from Columbina...
The Damselette: #...Traveler.
Paimon: ...!
Traveler: Um, yes?
The Damselette: I want to go on that ride. Will you join me?
Traveler: (A spinning Dodoco? Ah, I see. It's a ride for two.)
Traveler: Sure.
The Damselette: Let's go, then.
Traveler: Uh, one moment!
Paimon: (...Don't worry! Paimon will do the rounds. You go have fun!)
Traveler: (Thanks, Paimon!)
The Damselette: Hmm...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...Nothing!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Let's go.

The Damselette: Alright. I think we have to wait in line over there...
Jacek: Please take your seats. For safety reasons, you mustn't try to leave the ride before it comes to a complete stop.
Jacek: Alright, you're all set! I wish you both a wonderful journey!
Traveler: (You can always rely on Alice for weird and wonderful gadgets...)
The Damselette: ...
Traveler: What did you think?
The Damselette: Not bad... It reminds me of riding a Moonlane.
The Damselette: Sometimes, the kuuhenki circle around me like this, playing their beautiful melodies.
Traveler: Aw. That sounds so sweet.
The Damselette: Yeah. I'm going to miss them.
Traveler: (...)
Traveler: (I wonder what Columbina will find on the moon? ...Perhaps even she doesn't know...)
Traveler: Does it... scare you at all?
The Damselette: ...It does.
Traveler: ...
The Damselette: I've felt scared in the past, too. But this is a little different.
The Damselette: ...You know something? I got to see a lot of fascinating things during my "disappearance."
The Damselette: I saw how the Frostmoon Scions act around their families... so different than how they used to act in my presence. And I also saw how they interact with their friends.
The Damselette: It made me curious at first. Why do people act so sincere when they're worshiping gods, but save their truest, warmest feelings for each other?
The Damselette: Slowly, I came to realize that... it's because they trust one another. They know, deep down, that they'll be accepted for who they are — all of it, the good and the bad.
Traveler: Your friends accept all of you, too.
The Damselette: I know. I knew it the moment you started calling out my name.
The Damselette: What I fear now is the end... I fear losing all this the very night I have gained it.
Traveler: You won't lose us...
The Damselette: Hmm...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Even after you return to the moon...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Your friends will still be here.

The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Thank you for this conversation... Thank you for listening to me.
The Damselette: Don't worry. This fear I have, and the unknown that awaits me — they cannot hurt me. Not when I possess a treasure far greater.
The Damselette: I just... want you to remember this version of me, the real me, on this final night together.
Jacek: Dear passengers, Dodoco's awesome adventure has come to a close. Please leave in an orderly fashion, and we look forward to seeing you again in the future!
Jacek: ...Hmm? Don't want the journey to end, huh?
Jacek: Don't worry, you two. There's always another adventure waiting just around the corner.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Alice: Remarkable talent!
Alice: It's not too easy, is it? Still, I'm sure you'll familiarize yourself with Jumpy Dumpty's attack range in no time!
Alice: So, what do you make of it?
The Damselette: The use of Jumpy Dumpties doesn't come as naturally to me as kuuvahki. But their unpredictability makes it fun.
The Damselette: I think they call this... novelty?
Alice: Indeed! And how did it feel, blowing those pesky nuisances away?
The Damselette: Not bad.
Alice: Any guilt?
The Damselette: Hmm? What do you mean?
Alice: Wonderful! Lovely answers to all three questions. You've passed the safety test! Now, I can give this special bomb to you as a souvenir.
Alice: Remember, if you find any meanies living on the moon, you can use this to boom them into oblivion!
The Damselette: I will.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Varka: ...I wouldn't say it's "unfair," exactly.
Varka: I mean, your voice goes right into peoples' heads. How would you explain that to the kids?
Varka: You can't just explain it away as magic...
The Damselette: Is something the matter?
Varka: Ah, Miss Columbina! No, nothing you need to worry yourself about...
Nicole: Ah, impeccable timing! Stick around for a second, Miss Columbina. I need your input on something.
Nicole: This self-proclaimed knight of justice has yet to give me a satisfactory answer. I, for one, would like to hear your verdict on the matter.
Varka: Ahem... Hey now, I left The Flagship just to help you out, Ms. Nicole...
The Damselette: What's going on?
Nicole: So, Alice and I are both using long-range remote control spells that work on similar principles, allowing us to attend this festive fair in Dodoco form...
Nicole: Sorry, let me backtrack a little — while similar, there are some key differences.
Nicole: Alice, being a great mage, wanted her Dodoco to reflect something of her own charm and mystique, so she adjusted the way its tail moves when it spins around.
Nicole: An entirely gratuitous move, in my opinion. I hardly see how anyone is going to notice that.
Nicole: If anything, I'd say that anyone who stares intently enough at a Dodoco's tail to notice such a small detail is someone we ought to be highly concerned about.
Nicole: I only say this to emphasize that my question has nothing to do with tails. Now that we're clear on that... Why is Alice's Dodoco permitted to interact directly with the children celebrating Moon-Prayer Night, while mine is not?
The Damselette: Your voice speaks directly into people's minds...
Varka: See? Exactly what I said.
Nicole: ...
Varka: Ms. Nicole?
Nicole: Ugh... I can't stand it!
Nicole: I know, that probably makes me sound like a whiny child acting out in front of their parents... hmm, and it's a little embarrassing now that I think about it...
Nicole: But hey, I've said it now. I can't take it back — that would be even more embarrassing!
Nicole: ...Also, don't go reading too much into that analogy. It was off the top of my head. I'm actually an awful lot older than either of you...
The Damselette: Ms. Nicole, are you saying that you'd like someone to play the game you've prepared?
Nicole: Eh, I'm not so invested in that. It's just something cobbled together using items I borrowed from Alice. She probably didn't even make them herself.
Nicole: The point is, I want to know everyone's thoughts after they receive their prizes! But as you've said, I can't just ask...
Nicole: I've been biting my lip for so long! And I've had no one to vent my frustrations on.
Nicole: *sigh* I thought this was going to be a nice, straightforward festival where I'd get the chance to guide people to treasure...
The Damselette: Well, can I play? I can't guarantee that I'll win a prize, but...
Nicole: You will?
The Damselette: I'd like to try.
Nicole: Then what are we waiting for? Let the game begin!
Varka: (...It's like they forgot I was ever here. Hahaha.)
Nicole: I know, that probably makes me sound like...
Nicole: a whiny child acting out in front of their parents...
Nicole: Hmm, and it's a little embarrassing
Nicole: now that I think about it...
Nicole: But hey, I've said it now...
Nicole: I can't take it back —
Nicole: That would be even more embarrassing!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Nicole: Congratulations, Miss Columbina! With your great wisdom, you have overcome every obstacle in your path and conquered the great challenge posed to you by Fate.
The Damselette: Fate?
Nicole: Well, something to that effect. If you'd prefer something more poetic, it could be... "the icy winds," or "the dawn"... anything you like, really.
Nicole: ...You could even go with "the challenge posed to you by Dodoco," if that's what you're into. Anyway, you can take or leave my suggestions. Moving on...
Nicole: All my hopes are now resting on this.
The Damselette: Can I... open it now?
Nicole: Stop teasing me! Please, I'm begging you — no more talk, just open it.
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Wow... What a lovely sculpture. Classic and cute at the same time... Thank you, Ms. Nicole. I'll always treasure it.
Nicole: Ahhhh, there we go... Music to my ears...
Nicole: You have my sincerest gratitude, Miss Columbina.
Nicole: Thank you for sharing your precious time with me and fulfilling my wish.
The Damselette: Don't mention it.
The Damselette: You've all done much to help me, and still I'm the one receiving all these gifts...

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Barbeloth: Welcome home, Moon Goddess.
Barbeloth: Oh? You're the genuine article. Alice was right. This Moon-Prayer Night was worth watching after all.
The Damselette: Another one that talks...
Barbeloth: Greetings, pleased to make your acquaintance. I am the Hexenzirkel member they call "B" — Barbeloth Trismegistus.
The Damselette: Columbina Hyposelenia. Pleased to meet you too.
Barbeloth: Hyposelenia... Mm, a fine name indeed.
Barbeloth: Now then, Miss Columbina... Do you wish to hear a mage's divination?
The Damselette: Divination... The Frostmoon Scions used to ask me what would happen in the future. Is this like that?
Barbeloth: From the perspective of the one seeking answers, perhaps.
Barbeloth: As you look to your journey ahead, if you seek to understand the unknown, resolve your doubts, and soothe the confusion in your heart... Divination could be for you.
The Damselette: The unknowns on my journey...
Barbeloth: Of course, if one wishes to peer into "fate," then hydromancy is the more precise option.
Barbeloth: But that is a complex affair, and to relegate that majestic art to the status of a festive amusement would seem somewhat uncouth. Besides... it is sometimes better to not know "fate" with great certainty.
Barbeloth: Hence, I shall use the suitably festive Lunar Arcana to tell your fortune instead. It is more popular with the youth in any case.
The Damselette: Lunar Arcana...
Barbeloth: Indeed. Unlike hydromancy, this will only display possibilities and trends.
Barbeloth: People like think of themselves as creatures of agency and free will. Peering too far and too clearly into the future is detrimental to both body and soul.
The Damselette: I'd like to give it a try.
Barbeloth: Of course you may. Come then. Take a seat, Miss Columbina.
Barbeloth: Before we begin... Are there any specific questions you would like to ask?
The Damselette: Hmm... Let's stick to general possibilities and trends, like you suggested.
Barbeloth: Ah, very well. Then I shall use the basic Lunar Arcana deck.
Barbeloth: Now, try to relax. Cast your mind upon the things you have experienced, and the things you are soon to experience. I will shuffle the deck.
The Damselette: ...
Barbeloth: Would you like to the cut the cards yourself?
The Damselette: ...You do it.
Barbeloth: No problem. Now then, to make things easier for the seeker — that is to say, you — I shall decipher the cards from your perspective.
Barbeloth: Please, draw the first Lunar Arcana. This represents "destiny," and is the foundation for the divination as a whole.
The Damselette: ...
Barbeloth: Now, draw your second card. This will stand for the "past," the sum of all your experiences that have come before.
Barbeloth: And now the third Arcana. This is the "present," your interpretation of the current moment.
Barbeloth: Finally, the last card. This shall speak of the "future," which... Oh?
The Damselette: Hmm? A... kuuvahki pulse?
Barbeloth: Fascinating. I've never encountered this before in my role as a diviner. Something has exerted an influence upon this card, causing it to leave its designated position.
The Damselette: ...
Barbeloth: What do you make of this, Miss Columbina? Perhaps this is the guiding hand of fate in action.
Barbeloth: Of course, if you wish, you can choose to deny the validity of this card and draw the "future" for yourself.
The Damselette: ...No, it's fine. Let's go with this one.
Barbeloth: A bold decision. I must say, I'm looking forward to the results.
Barbeloth: Well then. Let us flip the Lunar Arcana in sequence, and see what emerges.
The Damselette: Sure.
Barbeloth: First, "destiny." Ah, no surprises here. The card that represents yours is "The Moon."
The Damselette: The Moon...
Barbeloth: Indeed. The moon can represent the truth at some times, but deception at others. False peace, destructive calamity, and the world-changing power that lies within.
Barbeloth: When the Moon is placed on the destiny tile, it indicates that your destiny is not what it may appear on the surface. Instead, it may yet have a hidden side.
Barbeloth: It symbolizes a journey through the fog, fraught with uncertainty and deception, where one must face inner challenges head on.
The Damselette: I don't understand...
Barbeloth: Haha, patience, my dear. This is but the first card, which serves as a basis for the interpretations that follow. Our divination will only grow clearer from here on out.
Barbeloth: Now then. Flip the second card, the one that speaks for the "past."
The Damselette: ...
Barbeloth: Ah, "The Hermit"... but inverted.
The Damselette: Inverted?
Barbeloth: Yes. "The Hermit" symbolizes solitude, introspection, and the pursuit of truth. When inverted, it represents isolation, truth out of reach, and a path that leads one astray.
Barbeloth: Combined with "The Moon" as one's destiny, "The Hermit" inverted represents...
Barbeloth: A choice you made to stand alone in the past. It was a choice made not out of fear or arrogance, but for reasons that others could not perceive.
Barbeloth: You fumbled through the darkness without a guide. But you did not find your way... rather, you went astray — more than once, it would seem.
The Damselette: (Is this about how I became Kuutar despite not wishing to become a god? And how I joined the Fatui because I yearned for a place to belong?)
Barbeloth: I suspect only you know the answer to this question.
Barbeloth: All is not lost. The past is in the past, and so shall it remain. Shall we look into the "present" now?
Barbeloth: Oh my, "The Lovers." One of the most interesting Lunar Arcana.
The Damselette: What does this one mean?
Barbeloth: This means that you have had an unprecedented emotional experience. The joy of finding your soul becoming intertwined with that of another... A precious and wonderful thing indeed.
The Damselette: It's true. I've made a lot of friends recently, and they are very good to me. I like them a lot.
Barbeloth: That sounds lovely. I am most delighted for you. "The Lovers" can also represent important decisions, perhaps related to a parting of ways. Now, if I were to guess...
The Damselette: Yes... My return to the moon...
Barbeloth: I understand. Parting with friends is never easy, Columbina.
Barbeloth: But rest assured, this is not the end of your journey. There is always another story waiting to be told. The "future" always lies ahead.
The Damselette: The "future"...
Barbeloth: Hehe. Well now, it's finally time to flip this most mysterious of cards. Why did it appear? And what does it wish to tell you?
The Damselette: I'm ready.
Barbeloth: Very well. Flip this card and see what lies on the other side...
Barbeloth: Oh...
The Damselette: Miss Barbeloth? What is it?
Barbeloth: ...This card is "Death."
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: That doesn't sound very good.
Barbeloth: It depends on how we interpret it.
Barbeloth: It is true that it can represent an agonizing death, a complete and utter end. But at the same time, it can also represent rebirth.
Barbeloth: Do not forget that your destiny card is "The Moon." That lends your future many different potential meanings.
The Damselette: If death spells the end... is it unavoidable?
Barbeloth: As I have said, divination can only display general trends. It is a rough guide, but it does not show predetermined outcomes.
Barbeloth: Allow me to summarize it for you.
Barbeloth: In the past, you may have lost your way, but now, you have gained new connections and new strength.
Barbeloth: You now face an important decision, one that may bring about a great change in what is yet to be.
Barbeloth: This change might, in turn, be the end of all things... or their beginning.
Barbeloth: But remember, everything is subject to change because of "The Moon" present in your destiny. You must see the truth clearly and face your innermost thoughts.
The Damselette: The truth... my innermost thoughts...
The Damselette: Thank you, Miss Barbeloth.
Barbeloth: Don't mention it. Some people dislike divinations, for fear of glimpsing an ending to their story that they wish was not so.
Barbeloth: But I can see that you're different. The result of this divination will not sway your decision.
Barbeloth: This is a rare quality, and one that diviners always hope to see in the seeker. We are here merely to guide, not to exert undue influence.
The Damselette: I understand.
Barbeloth: Go then, and illuminate your future, Miss Columbina. The moonlight that shines from you now is most captivating.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Dori: Let's see now, let's see...
Dori: Wow, very good. That's the highest score we've had all night!
Dori: Ah, what a shame. But practice makes perfect! Another few tries and I'm sure you'll get it.
Dori: And here's your prize. Now, how about another round? As for the cost...
Durin: Happy Moon-Prayer Night, Miss Columbina.
The Damselette: Happy Moon-Prayer Night, Durin and Hat Guy. Are you here to play the game?
Durin (#Durin & {REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}): Yes.
No.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: No.
Durin: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You said we were just coming here to say hello...
Durin: I did, but then I recognized a few more people as I got closer.
Stream: (Do my eyes deceive me? Is that...?)
Padisarah: (It's our little dragon! He's all grown up!)
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Tsk... Someone's popular.
Dori: Well now, since you came all this way, why don't you try out this lovely game we have going? First try is free!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He'll have a go. I'll pass.
Dori: Uh... It's only one free try per customer, you can't give your try to him...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I'm aware.
Durin: How has Elder Almond been lately?
Padisarah: He's in great shape! He goes for a run in the forest every morning to stay fit and healthy.
Stream: He tried to go boat racing with Firecracker a while back... But he couldn't even make it onto the lotus leaf. Firecracker was in fits of laughter...
Padisarah: How about you, little dragon? Can you still fly?
Durin: Yes, I can.
Padisarah: But you've become less chatty. Has growing up been tough on you?
Stream: We call that "maturity." You know, the thing people sing about!
Stream: "The knight wields a sword of stone, to defend those hearts that are made of gold."
Stream: Stone is very heavy. That's what keeps him from talking too much.
Padisarah: That's awesome! I wanna be a knight when I grow up, too! Ring, here I come! Hah!
Wheel: Ah, the hat-wearing man. I never thought I'd see you again. You seem more determined than when I saw you last on the train.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: If you say so.
Wheel: I do say so. The people you once helped see it clearly... it's because you are once again on the right track.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
Wheel: May the engine in our hearts propel us to the station of our dreams.
Esnoir: I can move! I can move now, Rozel!
Dori: (What are they doing, running into the rings like that...!?)
Dori: You got them all so quickly...
Dori: (I have never seen anything like this in all my travels. Is this guy actually an old friend of theirs?)
Dori: (But how? They're origami animals and clockwork people from a fairy tale! Getting to know them would be quite an arduous task, unless... they share a hometown?)
Dori: (Hmm... I have to get to the bottom of this. Next time I see the Great Mage Alice, I shall demand answers!)
Durin: Thank you, Dori. I had a lot of fun.
Dori: Heh, so... now for your prize... Hmm, where did I put it? Give me a moment to... dig it out...
Dori: (Ohh, sweet grand prize... How I wish I didn't have to let you go!)
Dori: (Good thing I've already turned a profit from the customers earlier in the night. Otherwise, I'd have wasted all my hard work...)
Metta: Okay, *panting* I'm... I'm back!
Metta: What!? ...I leave for two seconds and someone's already claimed the grand prize!?
Dori: Ahaha, well, uh... Mm, these things happen, y'know? Perhaps you'd be interested in one of the other prizes instead? We've got all kinds of wonderful goodies here!
Metta: Ugh...
The Damselette: Hmm... Is this the thing you wanted?
The Damselette: Here, you can have it.
Metta: Huh? But...
The Damselette: Don't worry about it. It will be happier with you.
Metta: Thanks so much, Miss! ...Uh, I mean — Moon Goddess!
Dori: (Oh, goodness gracious, Columbina! Give me strength! How am I supposed to make any more money from this child at this rate!?)
Vesa: Daddy, look! That's the game I was telling you about!
Dori: (*sigh* Forget it. She is the Moon Goddess, after all... I'll think of some other way to swing this. Maybe I can try to hook this new kid...)
Vesa: Huh? Oh... Someone already won the grand prize...
Durin: ...You can take mine if you want.
Dori: What!?
Dori: (Why, why, why? Why are all these bleeding hearts coming here to ruin my business!?)
Durin: Happy Moon Prayer Night, everyone.
The Damselette: Happy Moon-Prayer Night.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Marionette: Well, well, look who it is? I heard someone went and disappeared on us the moment we let her out of our sight. They looked all over for you.
Marionette: Frankly, I didn't think you'd be back for Moon-Prayer Night.
The Damselette: Were you worried about me, Sandrone?
Marionette: Hah! You'd like that, wouldn't you? Do you even hear what you're saying?
The Damselette: It seems to me like you disguised yourself with festive headgear, just so that you could come see me on Moon-Prayer Night and make sure I'm okay. You didn't even bring Pulonia with you.
Marionette: You...! I thought you couldn't see!?
The Damselette: I cannot, but I sense the confusion of those around us rippling through the kuuvahki currents.
The Damselette: Based on what I know about you, let me guess what you're wearing. Is it... cat ears?
Marionette: Shut up! I'm only here to protect the Fatui's interests in this territory. Running into you was pure bad luck!
The Damselette: Really? But you were the one who asked Arlecchino to help everyone find my name...
Marionette: Columbinaaaa! Just ONE more word, and I'll unscrew your vocal cords!
The Damselette: It's "Columbina Hyposelenia" now.
Marionette: Tell someone who cares!
The Damselette: I've missed you, Sandrone. The whole time I was gone, I was thinking...
Marionette: ...
The Damselette: ...I hope I get a chance to say some ugly words to you.
Marionette: ...Is that supposed to be a joke?
The Damselette: Anyway — let's go play that game.
Marionette: What? You mean that Frostfin Whale?
The Damselette: Yes. It's some kind of game where you get bitten if you step on the wrong tooth. Seems like fun.
Marionette: Who in their right mind would wanna—
The Damselette: ...Because you're not a scaredy-cat?
Marionette: Ugh...
Marionette: Gah! Fine! You wanna play, let's play! Don't complain when I kick your sorry butt!
The Damselette: Lovely. Ah...
Koski: You old geezer! I'm gonna beat the pants off you, just you watch!
The Damselette: Hehe, I almost forgot. Sandrone?
Marionette: Mmm? What is it now?
The Damselette: You'd better not lose, or I'm going to beat your head in.
Marionette: ...What!?

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Marionette: Ah! Argh!!!
The Damselette: I think you might have picked a bad tooth, Sandrone.
Marionette: Shut it!
The Damselette: Do you need any help? It seems like you're stuck.
Marionette: No!
Marionette: It's just a blasted... toy... How is its grip this strong!?
The Damselette: Haha...
Marionette: Stop laughing!
The Damselette: Alright. Well, you lost, so just like I promised...
Marionette: H—Hey! What are you doing!? Are you seriously—
The Damselette: ...Hyah!
Marionette: Gah! Why, you— Just you wait!
Marionette: Rematch!
The Damselette: Are you alright, Sandrone? That was quite a strong bite. Are your clockwork parts...
Marionette: Quit your fussing. I don't need it!
The Damselette: Alright. I'll go first this time.
Marionette: (I see it now. She can sense which teeth are rigged.)
Marionette: (So I just need to avoid the same ones that she does.)
The Damselette: This one... Hmm, seems fine.
Marionette: (She avoided that one, then? Hmph, now I've got you.)
Marionette: Alright. My turn.
Marionette: ...
Marionette: ...What!?
The Damselette: Looks like you lost again, Sandrone.
Marionette: Wait... There's more than one bad tooth!?
The Damselette: ...Bonk.
Marionette: Stupid game! What idiot came up with this!?
The Damselette: Are you alright, Sandrone? You said some nasty things just now.
Marionette: Oh, I'm peachy.
The Damselette: Should I let you bonk me on the head as well?
Marionette: Forget it!
The Damselette: Come on, bonk away. It can be your consolation prize. For losing so badly.
Marionette: I told you, forget it!
Marionette: Gah, you've always been so annoying...
Marionette: Singing right outside my door, inviting yourself to my tea parties, going AWOL... and now you're off to the moon, or something!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: Of all my days with the Fatui... The times I spent with you, Arlecchino, and Rosalyne... They were my favorite.
The Damselette: I will not forget them, just as I shall not forget this moment.
Marionette: ...
The Damselette: We'll always be friends, no matter where we are, right?
Marionette: Who'd want to be your...
The Damselette: I'll miss you, Sandrone.
Marionette: ...
The Damselette: ...Goodbye, Sandrone.
Marionette: I'll... miss you too... Columbina...
Paimon: Sorry? What was that?
Marionette: Waah!
Paimon: Waaah! Yeesh, no need to freak out... What's wrong? We've been looking everywhere for you.
Marionette: What do you want!?
Paimon: ...Whoa, nice ears...

Option 1:

> Traveler: They don't match your vibe...

Option 2:

> Traveler: They really suit you...

Marionette: What... do... you... WANT!?
Paimon: Uh, uh... th—this...
Marionette: ...Huh?
Paimon: It's your turn to draw something. You're one of her friends too, aren't you?
Marionette: ...
Marionette: Hmph. Doesn't know how lucky she is...
Paimon: ...Sorry?
Marionette: Nothing. I'm done. Take it.
Paimon: That was fast!
Paimon: Oh, and one more thing.
Paimon: Last time we spoke, you mentioned you were interested in the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's research. Remember? There were too many people when we last met, so we didn't get the chance to do this.
Marionette: What are you talking about?
Traveler: We'd like you have a look at this...
Marionette: This is— Oh... Alain, Rene... and Mary-Ann...
Traveler: And this.
Marionette: Huh... The Holy Blade... A savior's plaything.
Traveler: You don't approve of their goals?
Marionette: It's not about whether I approve or not.
Marionette: These people... They would sacrifice themselves for the sake of the world — especially Alain Guillotin and Rene.
Marionette: That is something I would never choose to do.
Marionette: Still... Heh. I didn't know they had any pictures left from that time.
Marionette: If I'd thought to bring a Kamera, I'd have...
Traveler: It's okay. We snapped a photo.
Marionette: ...What!?
Paimon: Yeah, of you being bitten by the Frostfin Whale, and Columbina bonking you on the head.
Marionette: Tear it up! NOW!!!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Limppu: Moon-Prayer Candy! Beautiful, tasty Moon-Prayer Candy! Buy a whole box, share it with your friends and family!
The Damselette: (Candy... to share? ...Hmm, I wonder what flavors everyone would like...)
Limppu: Welcome home, Moon Goddess! Fancy a box of Moon-Prayer Candy?
The Damselette: Sure.
Limppu: I knew you would! Now, what flavor would you like?
The Damselette: I'm not sure... what flavors do you have?
Limppu: Is this for yourself, or as a gift?
The Damselette: A gift for my friends.
Limppu: Ah, I see. In that case, I'd recommend Apple, Lakkaberry , or Midsommar Berry. Those are the most popular.
The Damselette: Do you have Nocturnal Blossom flavor?
Limppu: Huh. I've seen couples give those as gifts before, but I did not know they were edible...
The Damselette: No? Okay, then... Moonfall Silver?
Limppu: Uhhh... You did say this was for friends, right?
The Damselette: Um... Maybe Smetana, then?
Limppu: Hey, now that's a creative idea... I've never tried it before, but if you're happy to wait, I can see about whipping up a batch on the spot.
Limppu: While we're at it... you got any other ideas?
Black Screen Text: Green grass. Krumkake. Extra-strong coffee. Columbina describes the flavors that come to mind.
[Missing Dialog 60273318]

Limppu: Here you go. Every flavor you asked for is in there!
The Damselette: Thank you.
Limppu: Haha, I should be the one thanking you! You brought me a whole bunch of new business! Hehe, it's like a genuine blessing from the Moon Goddess!
Limppu: I hope you and your friends have a lovely night.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Aino: This doesn't make any sense! How am I losing every single time!? ...Wait, Ineffa! You're cheating, aren't you? Yeah, that must be it!
Ineffa: I am not cheating, Aino.
Aino: Uh-oh, sounds like Ineffa's turned into a big baloney-bot! I think it's time for some serious maintenance!
Ineffa: Ah. Moon Goddess. Help me...
The Damselette: Hmm?
Ineffa: Miss Columbina, Aino is attempting to cheat—
Aino: What the...!? I'm not the cheater, you're the cheater! How dare you throw it back at me!
The Damselette: Pfft... Hehehe.
Aino: ...Alright, fine! Let's all laugh at Aino! Just wait till I get home, 'cause I'm gonna make a game bot that can win one hundred percent of the time!
Aino: Let's see you laugh when I come back and beat your butts! Hmph, you'll all have your heads covered in stickers when I'm through with you!
Paimon: We came to check everything was okay after all that yelling... But, uh...
Paimon: Pfft... hahaha!
Traveler: What are you playing?
The Damselette: Whatever it is, it sounds like cheating is allowed.
Ineffa: Kuuhenki Concentration.
Ineffa: Each player starts with differently colored kuuhenki. Each round, they draw one kuuhenki from their opponent.
Ineffa: When a player has two kuuhenki of the same color, they make a pair and can be discarded. Any that can't form a pair must be kept.
Ineffa: The round ends when a player can't form any more kuuhenki pairs, and that player gets a sticker.
Luonnotar: !
Paimon: Ooh! Can four people play as well?
Ineffa: That is fine, so long as the turn order is fixed beforehand.
Paimon: Alrighty then! In that case, the two of us will join as one team!
Aino: Okay... but if you lose, you're both getting stickered! I don't wanna hear any excuses.
Paimon: Sure. And if we win?
Aino: If you win... only one of you gets to sticker someone else.
Ineffa: I have taken to calling this "Aino logic."
Aino: Hey, lay off me, alright? Okay, so we're starting the game from scratch again, which means all my stickers so far don't count!
Paimon: Looks like Luonnotar is the Kuuhenki of honor for this game. Anyway, let's go clockwise, starting from Ineffa.

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Aino: Let me pick a good one... Hmm, what's it gonna be...
Paimon: You're looking very pleased with yourself there... What happened to being a huge grumposaurus?
Aino: Hmph, I won. Duh.
Aino: Argh! Me again!?
Ineffa: Don't fidget too much, Aino, or the sticker's going to fall off.
Aino: I don't care! If it falls off, it falls off!
Aino: If a pair of kuuhenki get discarded, why not a pair of stickers, huh? Huh?
The Damselette: I've lost.
Luonnotar: !
Aino: Sticker! Sticker! Sticker!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Ready?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Here it comes!

The Damselette: Hmm...
Aino: Cute!
The Damselette: You think so? Shame, I can't see it for myself.
Luonnotar: !
The Damselette: Uhhh...
Paimon: What did Luonnotar say?
The Damselette: She said it looks so cute that she wants me to lose a few more rounds...
Black Screen Text: After many more rounds, everyone's heads are covered in stickers...
Black Screen Text: Except for one...

Paimon: Who put these stickers on Paimon's eyebrows? Ugh... She can barely see...
Aino: Alright, now I think we've got enough evidence to prove that there's a serious problem here!
Traveler: Agreed.
Luonnotar: ?
The Damselette: Yes. I agree as well.
Aino: The culprit is... Ineffa!
Ineffa: Culprit? What did I do?
Aino: Quit acting dumb, Ineffa! You're not wriggling your way outta this one. I've been watching you!
Aino: Not only did you remember whose side Luonnotar started at, but every time someone drew a kuuhenki, you were logging it and calculating every last possibility...
Aino: Which kuuhenki pairs were gone, who had what color kuuhenki in their hand, even our facial expressions... You were keeping track of it the entire time!
Paimon: Exactly! What Aino said!
Ineffa: Putting aside the fact that running calculations is not against the game rules... Do you have any evidence to support your allegations?

Option 1:

> Traveler: The evidence is...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Your eyes were shining!

Ineffa: But that's not against the rules, either...
Aino: So, she admits it!
The Damselette: She certainly does.
Aino: Alright, everyone grab a sticker! It's time to get Ineffa back!
Ineffa: But—
Paimon: Take that!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

Paimon: Fun ride, huh? You and Columbina looked pretty sad to leave.
Paimon: Hmm... This isn't gonna make Paimon dizzy, is it...?
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Paimon: Ooh, candy for us? Thanks a bunch, Columbina! Don't mind if we do!
Paimon: Whoa, this one's intense! Mmm, but it's sooo tasty!
Paimon: #What about you, Traveler? How does yours taste?
Traveler: Like Smetana, I think... A very novel flavor.
Paimon: Sounds good! Paimon's drooling now... Are there any more Smetana candies in the box?
The Damselette: Yes, I believe so.
Paimon: Kay, gotcha. Let's see...
Traveler: Have you tried any of them yourself?
The Damselette: Ah...
Traveler: Paimon, could you pick out three Smetana-flavored candies?
Paimon: Sure!
Paimon: This one, and... Yep, this one looks right, too... Okay, that's three!
Paimon: Here we go. One per person!
Traveler: All together, then?
Paimon (All Three Together): It's so sweet!

## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)

The Damselette: A soft and furry creature that bounces and jumps...
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Welcome home, Moon Goddess.
The Damselette: Ah, this one talks, too...
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Ahem. Allow me to introduce myself. I am a Dodoco from a distant archipelago — the most mischievous of all my Dodo-brothers and Dodo-sisters!
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): When the going got tough, I powered through, and when I met obstacles, I boomed them away!
The Damselette: That sounds like a lot of fun.
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Doesn't it just! Ah, but then the trouble started.
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Recently, I found a lovely beach, the same, beautiful jelly color as my hometown, and so I dove in to have a look...
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Only to find it overgrown with seagrass, and nasty little Spikey Fish everywhere, looking to turn me into a Dodoco kebab...
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): I made it back to shore by the skin of my teeth, but my tail tail was sorely hurt!
The Damselette: Couldn't you just... boom them away?
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Oh, I wanted to, believe me! But I've heard that you, Moon Goddess, can understand animal-speech.
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): The last thing I wanted was cause a gigantic fuss and get taken to court by a school of Spikey Fish. I'd be driven out of these waters for good! And my winter holiday would be ruined!
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): And so, dear Moon Goddess, I was wondering if you might lend me your allegiance...
The Damselette: Are you roping me into a crime?
Alice (Mischievous Dodoco): Ahaha! Let's call it a once-in-a-lifetime, carefree adventure. Does that sound better?
The Damselette: ...
Alice: All the festival-goers tonight are dressed up as the Moon Goddess. But there's nothing to say that the Moon Goddess can't disguise herself as a Dodoco, is there?
Alice: Besides, this is your home. You should be free to be whoever you wish.
The Damselette: I'm afraid I'm not well acquainted with Dodocos, Madame Mage...
Alice: Oh, that's quite alright! We Dodocos are innocent, happy creatures with a free-spirited nature.
Alice: Many, like myself, are mischievous troublemakers. Others are lazy souls who like nothing better than to lie down on a nice rock and take a nap.
Alice: In our eyes, every creature who yearns for happiness and freedom is a Dodoco!
Alice: But perhaps in yours, we Dodoco are... a fluffier and more mischievous breed of kuuhenki?
Kuuhenki: ?
The Damselette: Yes, that is a much easier image to follow.
Alice: Wonderful! Then let's play. Grab onto my tail tail, and follow me into the sea! Time to settle some scores with the bad guys!

## Objective 26

(Enjoy Moon-Prayer Night)


## Talk 27 (alternative/additional)

Metta: But I was aiming right at it...
Dori: Ah, what a pity. I saw it with my own eyes — you were so close, so, so very close...
Metta: That's not true! It dodged outta the way right as I was about to snag it!
Dori: I'm sorry?
Metta: You heard me! This paper frog can move! I swear!
Stream: ...
Dori: Dear, oh dear. What are you saying? How could a paper frog move? Unless you believe there really is magic in this world?
Dori: But even if I, the mere humble merchant that I am, knew such magic, surely I would not use it on a paper frog! I'd sooner give Mora legs, so it could walk right into my purse.
Dori: My dear, dear customer... Why not have one more try, hmm? This time, I'll give you... 12% off! A very generous discount for one of my most regular customers!
Dori: Just think about how much experience you have under your belt now! You're sure to win the next one!
Metta: Um...
Metta: Darn, I used up all my coins. I'll be right back — just gonna fetch some more from my house!
Dori: Take your time! But, uh, don't take too long. This event is Moon-Prayer Night only. Miss it, and you'll have to wait a whole year before I'm back.
Dori: Next customer, please. Welcome!
The Damselette: Hello.
Dori: (Whoa, whoa, what's this bigwig doing over here!? Ugh, how do I tell my employees not to go running around this time... Shooting them a glance won't work — I haven't known them long enough!)
The Damselette: Dori?
Dori: Why hello there, Miss Columbina. Would you like to play my ring-toss game? The rules are very simple, and it's easy to get the hang of...
The Damselette: How much for a round?
Dori: Oh, first time's free! Not a single Mora! After that — well, we can cross that bridge if and when we come to it...
Dori: But with your sharp eye— I mean, sharp skills, I'm sure you'll win all the prizes in one fell swoop!
Dori: (That was an obvious enough hint for them, right? Right...?)

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

The Damselette: #Traveler.
Paimon: Hey there, Columbina! Are you done checking out the festive amusements already?
Paimon: Are you sure you don't wanna look around some more? You might not get another opportunity like this for a while...
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: (Right now, what I'd like to do is...)

Option 1:

> The Damselette: (...Actually, I'd like to have a bit more fun.)
> The Damselette: You're right... I'm not ready for this night to end just yet.
> Paimon: Yeah, that's the spirit! Take your time, Columbina. The most important thing is to have no regrets!
> Paimon: We'll be right here if you need us!
> The Damselette: Okay, thank you.

Option 2:

> The Damselette: (...I think I've had my fill.)
> The Damselette: Thank you. But I think I've had enough fun for one night.
> The Damselette: I've made plenty of precious memories.
> Paimon: ...Really? You're sure you don't wanna have a little more fun out there? Final answer?
> The Damselette: (Final answer.)
> The Damselette: Yes, I am sure.

Option 3:

> The Damselette: (...I think I've had my fill.)
> The Damselette: Thank you. But I think I've had enough fun for one night.
> The Damselette: I've made plenty of precious memories.
> Paimon: ...Really? You're sure you don't wanna have a little more fun out there? Final answer?
> The Damselette: (Reconsider.)
> The Damselette: Hmm... Maybe I should think about this more carefully...


Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Paimon: Ooh, candy for us? Thanks a bunch, Columbina! Don't mind if we do!
Paimon: Whoa, this one's intense! Mmm, but it's sooo tasty!
Paimon: #What about you, Traveler? How does yours taste?
Traveler: Like Smetana, I think... A very novel flavor.
Paimon: Sounds good! Paimon's drooling now... Are there any more Smetana candies in the box?
The Damselette: Yes, I believe so.
Paimon: Kay, gotcha. Let's see...
Traveler: Have you tried any of them yourself?
The Damselette: Ah...
Traveler: Paimon, could you pick out three Smetana-flavored candies?
Paimon: Sure!
Paimon: This one, and... Yep, this one looks right, too... Okay, that's three!
Paimon: Here we go. One per person!
Traveler: All together, then?
Paimon (All Three Together): It's so sweet!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Zirnytsia: Welcome home, Moon Goddess. Would you like to try on some animal-themed headwear?
The Damselette: (Ah... I always hear Lauma saying how heavy her antlers are. I wonder how it feels?)
The Damselette: (Let me give it a try...)
Zirnytsia: Oh my, it really suits you!
The Damselette: (It's a little itchy, and it's hard to turn my head...)
The Damselette: (Should I keep wearing it?)

Option 1:

> The Damselette: I'll keep it on.

Option 2:

> The Damselette: I'll try a different one...
> The Damselette: How does this look...?

Option 3:

> The Damselette: I think I want to remove it for now.

Zirnytsia: Alright! Feel free to come back if you change your mind!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: "I wish that all who dwell in this moonlit world can find a place to belong, and I wish that I shall one day see my friends again."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: "If only Miss Lyylikki would notice me..."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: "I really hope my boss gives me a raise..."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: "I want to adapt to human society more quickly."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: #"Hope things go smoothly on the journey with Traveler, and that Columbina's travel goes well too."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

View Moon-Prayer Slip: "I wish that the Longplume Ibises would stop biting me."

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Traveler: Continue Viewing

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Traveler: Leave

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Katheryne: Happy Moon-Prayer Night, adventurers. May you have a lovely evening.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

The Knave: I've seen Lyney and the other children play this game before. It would seem that it's not a bad way to relax once in a while.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
The Knave: Candy? Huh. Would you mind if I took a handful extra? I'm sure the children will enjoy them.
The Knave: I must say, Columbina, you really have changed. You never used to show this much consideration for other people, even when prompted.
The Knave: I'm sure Sandrone would agree when I say... I like the present version of you better.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Nefer: Heh. That was fun. It's a shame Ashru doesn't like playing with water, or I'd have roped him in as well.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Nefer: Oh? A gift? You shouldn't have, Miss Columbina.
Nefer: Mmm... Very nice indeed. Candy is one of many luxuries that the desert folk could never afford.
Nefer: How I yearned for candy when I could not have it... Yet, now that it is readily available to me, I never seem to crave it.
Nefer: May your Moon-Prayer Night be one free from regrets.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Jahoda: Phew... I just had a water fight with two Fatui Harbingers... Pretty scary... But also surprisingly fun.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Jahoda: Aw man, this feels kinda wrong... Like, shouldn't we be the ones giving you candy rather than the other way around?
Jahoda: Um... I... I guess I'll just... take one.
Jahoda: (Ugh! What flavor is that!?)
Jahoda: (It tastes like... getting a mouthful of muddy grass... after being rear-ended by a Blunthorn Rhino, then face planting the ground...)
Jahoda: (...Ugh, I'll never get this taste out of my mouth...)
Jahoda: I—It's delicious, ahaha... Mmm...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Zirnytsia: Welcome home, Moon Goddess. Would you like to try on some animal-themed headwear?
The Damselette: (Which one should I try?)

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Try black cat ears...

Option 2:

> The Damselette: Try brown cat ears...

Option 3:

> The Damselette: Try the deer antlers headwear

The Damselette: (Should I keep wearing it?)

Option 1:

> The Damselette: I'll keep it on.

Option 2:

> The Damselette: I'll try a different one...
> The Damselette: How does this look...?

Option 3:

> The Damselette: I think I want to remove it for now.


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Flins: Something about festive lighting always has a way of putting the warmest smiles on people's faces.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Flins: This is most thoughtful of you, Miss Columbina. Kindness exudes from your heart like benevolent moonlight.
Flins: Forgive me, but I shall have to enjoy this gift a little later. I hope that the flavor I chose is not the only one of its kind.
Flins: If others were denied the chance to sample such kindness as you have shown to me, it would be a great pity indeed.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Lauma: Yes. May everyone's wishes come true...
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Lauma: Why, thank you... Don't mind if I do.
Lauma: Oh my. It's so sweet...
Lauma: I'm so accustomed to plain, simple meals that this sweet treat is quite a shock to the senses...
Lauma: But I savor this moment in its entirety, because... It tastes like true friendship.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Lyylikki: Huh? Mr. Kantor, did you see that young lady dressed as the Moon Goddess? When did she leave?
Kantor: Sorry, no, I was looking at... Um, I was watching the... cat.
Lyylikki: I see...
Lyylikki: The resemblance was uncanny... She seemed like the true Lady Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar, the one who guides souls...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Traveler: Leave

Jacek: Dodoco's Whirly Gig! Come ride on a soft and furry Dodoco, and embark on an unforgettable adventure!

Option 1:

> The Damselette: I'd like to go again...
> Jacek: Of course, Moon Goddess. This way, please!
> [Missing Dialog 60276105]

Option 2:

> The Damselette: That'll do for now...


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Alice: Up for another round of fish blast— I mean, of bye-bye bad fishies?

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Yes. Hello there. I am the Moon Dodo-Goddess.
> Alice: Wonderful! It's Dodoventure time!

Option 2:

> The Damselette: I'll keep looking around.
> Alice: Of course, of course. Feel free to come back whenever you like. There's always time for a Dodoventure!

Option 3:

> Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> Alice: Bless my fluffy tail! Dodoco has never seen candy shaped quite like this before. Why, it shines like a lovely crystal!
> Alice: Let the feasting begin! ...Mmm... Whoo-wee! Sweet as a tomato bathed in sunlight.
> Alice: Thank you very much! You truly are a friend to the Dodoco.
> Alice: Please share the rest with other people — I'm sure everyone will fall in love with the taste of pure joy!


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Alice: Bless my fluffy tail! Dodoco has never seen candy shaped quite like this before. Why, it shines like a lovely crystal!
Alice: Let the feasting begin! ...Mmm... Whoo-wee! Sweet as a tomato bathed in sunlight.
Alice: Thank you very much! You truly are a friend to the Dodoco.
Alice: Please share the rest with other people — I'm sure everyone will fall in love with the taste of pure joy!

Alice: Oh me, oh my! With your help, Miss Columbina, we've blown every last blade of annoying seagrass and each nasty Spikey Fish out of the water!
Alice: You truly are a kind-hearted Moon Goddess! At last, I am free to enjoy myself once more in these waters.
Alice: I hope we meet again at the next festival!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Nicole: I don't suppose you'd... like to play again, by any chance...?
Nicole: Don't get me wrong, once is plenty. You're under no obligation to indulge me any further... and besides, I don't have any other prizes for you...

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Sure, I'll play again. This is fun.
> Nicole: Great! I mean, if you say so...
> Nicole: Is it really all that much fun, though? Huh. My tastes must be falling seriously out of step with the majority...

Option 2:

> The Damselette: I'll keep looking around.
> Nicole: Alright then. Happy Moon-Prayer Night.

Option 3:

> Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> Nicole: ...Oh, I love the color of this wrapping paper... Mmm, but the bow on that one is just so perfect... Ah, this is a tough choice!
> Nicole: I know the wrapping paper doesn't affect the flavor, but... it does set the first impression, which can influence your mood as you eat it — and actually, that DOES affect the flavor...
> Nicole: I have to listen to my heart and pick the one that I can really build a bond with. It's the only way to eat candy...
> Nicole: ...Ooh, but look at the shape of this one! How lovely! ...Ugh! This choice is getting harder and harder...


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Varka: It'd be rude to just leave without saying anything... But at the same time, I don't wanna barge into their lively conversation just to announce that I'm leaving... Eh, I guess I'll just wait a little longer.
Varka: ...Albedo?
Albedo: This sketch is for you, Grand Master.
Varka: Oh? A gift for me? Thanks. Let's see what you've done for me...
Albedo: The North Wind, Left in the Lurch.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Mr. Albedo, would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> Albedo: Thank you.
> Albedo: Mm... It seems I've picked lemon. It strikes a good balance between sweet and sour.
> Albedo: This has piqued my curiosity. What if we were to add citrus and other spices, then enhance the flavor via caramelization? I wonder what the end product would be like?
> Albedo: Perhaps I should take the time to try this out.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Mr. Varka, would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> Varka: Ooh, I get one too? Nice! Thanks.
> Varka: Mm, what is that? So familiar... Don't tell me, don't tell me... Oh, I got it! It's like the candy jar dropped into a vat of "Today's Boon"!
> Varka: Seems I'm a proud recipient of today's Feast of the Moon, huh?


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Barbeloth: The "Death" card made a most enigmatic appearance...
Barbeloth: The moon for which Miss Columbina is bound... I fear...
Barbeloth: ...Fretting is of no avail. I will have a chat with Alice about it sometime.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Barbeloth: Ah, you're such a polite child, Miss Columbina.
Barbeloth: But we elders have already partaken of our fair share of stories in this world. Enjoying candy, keeping up with the hip and groovy trends of the day... these things should be left to youngsters like you.
Barbeloth: I hope you don't misunderstand me — I do not intend to lecture you, or reject your kindness.
Barbeloth: It is simply that... the mere sight of this candy is starting to give me a toothache.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Done being a do-gooder yet?
Durin: Thanks for coming here with me, Hat Guy.
Durin: Are there any games you'd like to play? It's your turn to pick. I'll come with you.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...Why does that hamster think you've grown up? You haven't changed at all.
Durin: I know you don't mean that. You're just taking the opportunity to make fun of me, aren't you?
Durin: Even if you won't admit that taking some time to compose yourself is important, I can see that you're doing it in practice.
Durin: Otherwise, you'd have taken off your hat and flown away by now.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Looks like Albedo's socialization program has been far more useful to you than all those Vahumana textbooks.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Durin, would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> Durin: A Moon-Prayer Candy for me? Thank you...
> Durin: It smells like... baked apples and butter.
> Durin: Reminds me of Good Hunter, a restaurant in Mondstadt... I always have to resist the temptation to go there, unless I'm ordering food.
> Durin: I understand your homesickness, Miss Columbina. I have a double dose of it...
> Durin: Because both Simulanka and Mondstadt are my home.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Hat Guy, would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
> #{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I thought you'd spend your precious time doing something more worthwhile.
> #{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Everyone has to take one? Well, fine. I'll take mine.


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Dori: If all the prizes are gone, I might as well close up shop for the day. But you haven't had your fill of fun yet, right?
Dori: So, the next time a customer shows up, you're going to have to run faster, alright?
Dori: And remember — run out of the rings, not into them!
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Dori: Oho? A gift, for me? Ah, Lord Sangemah Bay really is going up in the world!
Dori: (Wow, candy from the Moon Goddess herself! If I bagged this up... no, what am I saying — boxed this up, in exquisite gift boxes... Yes! I could make a fortune!!!)
Dori: (Hmm... Maybe I don't even need to go to all that trouble. Any old boxes will do — I just need to tell my customers that this candy is blessed by the Moon Goddess. Yeah, that oughtta do it...)
Dori: (Hehe, sounds like a plan. Time to have Urwa earn his keep when I get back...)

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Marionette: What's there to see on that moon, anyway...?
Marionette: Hmph, let her go up there and cry alone. See if I care...
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Marionette: You're giving me candy? ...That isn't like you. This had better not be some weird prank...
Marionette: Hmm... coffee flavor? I thought you hated coffee... Mm, it's extra-strong, too. Hah! You didn't do all this just for me, did you...?
Marionette: Hey, hey! Don't take it away! I never said I didn't want it. I mean, you can't unmake the candy now...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Limppu: Assorted Moon-Prayer Candy! All your favorite flavors in a box! Alright, kids, just line up over here...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Aino: Hmph. I'm never playing games with you ever again, Ineffa!
Ineffa: Aino is throwing a tantrum again... I believe it will take three krumkakes to constitute a suitable peace offering.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Aino: Ooh, Moon-Prayer Candy! Sweet! Is it okay if I grab a whole bunch?
Aino: Psst, Columbina, turn around! Use your huge cloak to block Ineffa's vision!
Aino: Yum! Ooh, and this one's even yummier...
Aino: Ugh... The flavors are blending in my mouth... Eww...
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Ineffa: Scanning candy composition and ingredient ratios...
Ineffa: Selection confirmed. I would like the krumkake-flavor.
Ineffa: ...Flavor profile simulates real krumkakes with 27% accuracy. This is a non-viable substitute for Aino's afternoon snack.
Ineffa: One moment, please.
Ineffa: Done. Please sample this freshly-baked krumkake, Miss Columbina.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Missing text (0)

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Ineffa: Aino is throwing a tantrum again... I believe it will take three krumkakes to constitute a suitable peace offering.
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
[Missing Dialog 60277304]

Ineffa: Scanning candy composition and ingredient ratios...
Ineffa: Selection confirmed. I would like the krumkake-flavor.
Ineffa: ...Flavor profile simulates real krumkakes with 27% accuracy. This is a non-viable substitute for Aino's afternoon snack.
Ineffa: One moment, please.
Ineffa: Done. Please sample this freshly-baked krumkake, Miss Columbina.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Aino: ...Ugh. I really thought you were gonna send me home...
Aino: Where did you learn to scare people, huh? Bad! Bad Ineffa!
Ineffa: Do you see this, Aino?
Aino: It's a krumkake! You made it yourself, didn't you? Wait. How did you know I was hungry?
Ineffa: Correction: You are not hungry. You merely desire food.
Ineffa: However, consuming extraneous snacks is acceptable during a festival. Come, celebrate Moon-Prayer Night, Aino.
Aino: Yay! You're the best, Ineffa! Festivals. Are. Awesome!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Chestnut: C'mon, Citrus, one more round! Just one more!
Citrus: But my neck— ah! Oof... It's acting up again...
Estampe: You should take a break. Health comes first.
Cranberry: Yeah, don't push yourself. We'll find someone else!
Horellou: Hey, don't look at me. I'm just the referee.
Chestnut: What are we gonna do, then?
The Damselette: Do you need any help?
Chestnut: !
Cranberry: Yes we do. We need one more player for our game.
The Damselette: Alright. Could you teach me how to play?
Cranberry: It's really simple. You just throw the dice and move by that number of tiles. First one to reach the finish line wins.
Horellou: Rolling a hamster means you move one step forward, a paper frog is two steps, and a flying squirrel is three steps — 'cuz they go the fastest.
The Damselette: Okay, I get it.
Horellou: So we're all set?
Horellou: In that case, please take your places... and let the game begin!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

The Damselette: (What is going on over here? It looks like fun...)
Seija: Hold it right there! You can't run away from me, Moon Goddess!
The Damselette: Hmm? Are you talking to me?
Seija: Of course! Do you see anyone else here dressed up as the moon goddess besides me and you? Hey, c'mon, call me by my title!
The Damselette: Happy Moon-Prayer Night, Moon Goddess.
Seija: Hehe, and the same to you!
Seija: Anyway, there's no time to waste. Get ready... for the duel of a lifetime!
The Damselette: Um... a duel?
Seija: Meet my partner, Stacko. Come on out, Stacko!
Stacko: ...!
Seija: Don't just stand there! Let's see your partner!
The Damselette: Partner...?
Jahoda: Pee-weeet!
The Damselette: Hmm? ...So I need to select a partner and command them in battle?
The Damselette: Partner... I need a partner...
Kuuhenki: ?
Rimehorn Deer: ...
Robot: Beep.
Seija: Whoa, am I seeing things? Where'd you get a kuuhenki!? They're super rare!
Seija: That's great — buuuut, you can only bring one partner to battle against me and Stacko. No ganging up allowed!
The Damselette: (They all look so eager to be picked... Hmm... Which one should I choose?)

Option 1:

> The Damselette: The light and floaty kuuhenki.
> Kuuhenki: ~! ~~!
> The Damselette: (This one usually lives in Nasha Town. She likes falling asleep to the sound of striking hammers... And I bet she's quite familiar with robots' weak spots.)

Option 2:

> The Damselette: The majestic Rimehorn Deer.
> Rimehorn Deer: ...
> The Damselette: (This deer came to celebrate the festival with the Frostmoon Scions. It wants to help me with its antlers — they are its pride and joy...)

Option 3:

> The Damselette: The adorable robot.
> Robot: ♪
> The Damselette: (I'm not sure what this bot is trying to say, but it seems very happy. That bow... does it want to dress up as the Moon Goddess, too?)

Option 4:

> The Damselette: (Hmm, I wanna give this some more thought.)

Option 5:

> The Damselette: Alright. I choose you.


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Jahoda: Testing, testing... This is an emergency broadcast — an exciting battle is about to take place right here at the Nasha Town special arena!
Jahoda: In this corner, we have the Moon Goddess and her robot partner...
Jahoda: And in the other, we have... the Moon Goddess and her kuuhenki partner.
Jahoda: And in the other, we have... the Moon Goddess and her Rimehorn Deer partner.
Jahoda: And in the other, we have... the Moon Goddess and her... other robot partner.
Jahoda: (Gah, this announcer stuff is harder than I thought! Why does everything I say sound so dumb? If I could cringe any harder, I'd fold in on myself!)
Jahoda: Only one Moon Goddess can be victorious in this ultimate battle of destiny! But who will it be? There's only one way to find out!
Jahoda: Now, without further ado... Let the battle of the moons begin!
Seija: I don't care who we're up against — Stacko and I ain't gonna lose!
Stacko: Beep-beep!
Seija: Let's strike first! Stacko, "Formation Shift"!
Jahoda: Ohh! The robot has kicked things off with a change of formation. But how will this affect the battle? Nobody knows!

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Attack.
> Jahoda: The other party chooses to attack! Let's see how their partner performs!
> Kuuhenki: !
> Rimehorn Deer: ...
> Robot: Beep.
> Seija: Stacko...!
> Jahoda: The attack lands! And if those sizzling sounds are anything to go by, it was very effective!

Option 2:

> The Damselette: Defend.
> Jahoda: Cautious play from the opposing team... This Moon Goddess has come prepared. Where will it go from here?

Option 3:

> The Damselette: Use an item.
> Jahoda: The other team... throws out a Lakkaberry! Uh... maybe a way of... building rapport between teammates? Or something? ...This is supposed to be a duel, guys!

Option 4:

> The Damselette: Run away.
> Jahoda: Oh no you don't! There's no escape! Haha!

Option 5:

> The Damselette: Defend.
> Jahoda: Cautious play from the opposing team... This Moon Goddess has come prepared. Where will it go from here?

Option 6:

> The Damselette: Defend.
> Jahoda: Cautious play from the opposing team... This Moon Goddess has come prepared. Where will it go from here?

Option 7:

> The Damselette: Defend.
> Jahoda: Cautious play from the opposing team... This Moon Goddess has come prepared. Where will it go from here?

Option 8:

> The Damselette: Use an item.
> Jahoda: The other team... throws out a Lakkaberry! Uh... maybe a way of... building rapport between teammates? Or something? ...This is supposed to be a duel, guys!

Option 9:

> The Damselette: Use an item.
> Jahoda: The other team... throws out a Lakkaberry! Uh... maybe a way of... building rapport between teammates? Or something? ...This is supposed to be a duel, guys!

Option 10:

> The Damselette: Use an item.
> Jahoda: The other team... throws out a Lakkaberry! Uh... maybe a way of... building rapport between teammates? Or something? ...This is supposed to be a duel, guys!

Option 11:

> The Damselette: Run away.
> Jahoda: Oh no you don't! There's no escape! Haha!

Option 12:

> The Damselette: Run away.
> Jahoda: Oh no you don't! There's no escape! Haha!

Option 13:

> The Damselette: Run away.
> Jahoda: Oh no you don't! There's no escape! Haha!

Seija: Okay then... Stacko, maintain formation, and enter your empowered state!
Jahoda: Empowered state! There we go, now we're talking!
Jahoda: Absorbing the immense kuuvahki present on Moon-Prayer Night, this lean mean machine has greatly increased its offensive power!

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Attack.
> Jahoda: Good choice! Buffs count for nothing if you beat 'em before they can use it!
> Kuuhenki: !
> Rimehorn Deer: ...
> Robot: Beep.
> Jahoda: It's a hit! But Stacko stands firm...

Option 2:

> The Damselette: Defend.
> Jahoda: They choose defense! But Stacko's about to attack with full force... Is it too little, too late?

Option 3:

> The Damselette: Use an item.
> Jahoda: Here it comes... a Lakkaberry! ...What could the Moon Goddess be planning now? Frankly, I don't have a clue, so... your guess is as good as mine!

Option 4:

> The Damselette: Run away.
> Jahoda: No running away! I told you already!

Jahoda: The battle is heating up, fast! I'm about to start sweating machine oil over here!
Seija: Go for it, Stacko! Set kuuvahki to maximum!
Jahoda: Can their opponents withstand this blow? And what will this Moon Goddess do?
The Damselette: Don't be afraid. Fight however you wish.
Kuuhenki: !
Jahoda: It's... it's a Moonlane!
Jahoda: A deft use of a Moonlane allows the kuuhenki to dodge the blow... and now it's spiraling around its foe in circles!
Jahoda: One loop... Two loops...! The robot's screen is bugging out — it's getting dizzy!
Rimehorn Deer: ...
Jahoda: What the... The Rimehorn Deer's antlers are glowing!
Jahoda: It absorbs the kuuvahki from its opponent... and uses that same power to deal a devastating counter attack!
Jahoda: There goes the robot's formation!
Robot: Beep.
Jahoda: And... it's the empowered state!
Jahoda: Both robots empowered now... the attack comes in, but oh! Attacks repelled! Opposites attract, but likes repel, and now you've seen it in action!
Jahoda: What a powerful repulsion! The robot crashes into the wall! Can it keep going?
Stacko: ...
Seija: Stacko...!
Jahoda: Stacko is down for the count. Our winner is... the Moon Goddess! Uh, the slightly taller one, I mean.
Seija: You did your best, Stacko. I'll take you to Aino's for a checkup right away, don't you worry.
Stacko: Beep...
Seija: *sigh* Well, you beat me fair and square, I guess... Honestly, I underestimated you. Won't make that mistake again.
The Damselette: I think my partner deserves most the credit.
Seija: Hmm... Just you wait! When I'm a little bit older, I'm gonna come back a whole lot stronger! Be ready for a rematch!
The Damselette: Hmm...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Liouba: Hmm, I don't have enough data. Need more samples... But who should I ask for help?
The Damselette: Is this... one of the amusements? Or is it a research project?
Liouba: Bit of Column A, bit of Column B!
Liouba: I'm currently running some synchronization tests on these bots...
Liouba: Basically, you need to press the button to help them successfully obtain the treasure — but you've gotta time it right.
Liouba: I'll record your data, which will be used to improve the robots' accuracy.
Liouba: But, Ma'am... I mean, Moon Goddess, don't you think you should take your eye mask off first?
The Damselette: There's no need. I will be alright.
Liouba: Okay then. Whatever you're comfortable with.

Option 1:

> The Damselette: Ready when you are.
> Liouba: Great, then let's begin.

Option 2:

> The Damselette: I'll come back later.
> Liouba: Oh, sure. Happy Moon-Prayer Night.


## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Liouba: Would you like to try again? I'll record your data, which will be used to improve the robots' accuracy.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Liouba: Cool! So much useful data... I'm progressing much faster than I expected!
Liouba: Thank you so much, Moon Goddess.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Lauma: If this were any other day, I'm sure it would make for a great photo opportunity. But Moon-Prayer Night has rendered my antlers uncomfortably large...
Lauma: Doesn't it look like... this Rimehorn Deer has two sets of antlers?

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Paimon: And, done! Here, take a look!
The Damselette: ...I think it looks quite funny.
Paimon: Well, Paimon thinks it's super cute!
Paimon: It looks like... a silly Chic Badger and... a Rimehorn Deer that's about to fall asleep.
Traveler: Silly? In what way?
The Damselette: Hmm. Maybe I'll stand on the Chic Badger's side instead.
The Damselette: It looks like we've attracted the attention of quite a few animals... Let's make room for them.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Rimehorn Deer: ♪

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Rimehorn Deer: Goodness gracious! I've got to go back and tell my kids I took a photo with our great Moon Goddess!
Rimehorn Deer: Thank you so much, Moon Goddess!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Estampe: It's a pity that my good friend, Faurobert is busy working on a training program for Princess Cimest.
Estampe: If he could've been here, the victory might've been his.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Ashru: Meow~
Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Ashru: Meow?
The Damselette: I have a fish-flavor one if you'd like?
Ashru: Meow...
The Damselette: Of course. If you prefer Mint, then Mint it is.
Ashru: Meow.
The Damselette: Hehe, don't mention it.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Seija: I'm gonna come back a whole lot stronger! Be ready for a rematch!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Kantor: Miss Lyylikki, a kitten's been following you all this time.
Lyylikki: Oh. So it has.
Lyylikki: Hello there, little kitty. May the moon light your path.
Lyylikki: Did Lady Lauma send you? Or was there something you needed?
Sapphire: Meow~
Lyylikki: Hmm? You'd like some Moon-Prayer Candies?
Sapphire: Meow~
Lyylikki: No?
The Damselette: I believe... it wants that box. The one with the Moon-Prayer Candies in it.
Lyylikki: ...Ah, I see! Here, kitty, come on. Here you go.
Sapphire: Meow~
Lyylikki: Thank you, Lady...
Lyylikki: Huh? Mr. Kantor, did you see that young lady dressed as the Moon Goddess? When did she leave?
Kantor: Sorry, no, I was looking at... Um, I was watching the... cat.
Lyylikki: I see...
Lyylikki: The resemblance was uncanny... She seemed like the true Lady Kuu{RUBY#[S]Moon Maiden}tar, the one who guides souls...

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Jade-Eyed Cat: Aren't you gonna sleep, winged ones?
Puffin: No way! This is Moon-Prayer Night. No one sleeps on Moon-Prayer Night!
Puffin: No one sleeeeeeeps! No one sleeeeeep, sleep-sleep sleep-sleep—
Jade-Eyed Cat: Shush! Be quiet. You're hurting my head with all that racket...
Jade-Eyed Cat: Wait a sec... That's the Moon Goddess. The real Moon Goddess! And she's looking this way...
Puffin: !
Puffin: ...
Jade-Eyed Cat: Idiots! You're blocking her way!

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Sniffer Mole: Brother, I've just been through a breakup... Console me, brother. Ease my aching heart.
Sniffer Mole: What was it you told me a while back? "The scent of love is in the air"...
Sniffer Mole: So I thought... but alas, 'twas but the scent of dirt in the ground.
Sniffer Mole: Oh yeah? Well, I'm sorry, but it sounds like your dumb nose is playing tricks on you.

## Talk 29 (alternative/additional)

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

Moonglow Firefly: How many times do I have to tell you? When you spin around, look up at the moon! The MOON, got it? Not at me! Do I look like a moon to you!?
Moonglow Firefly: Sorry, Teacher!
Moonglow Firefly: And... again!
Moonglow Firefly: Stop! ...You, at the back. You're behind the beat!
Moonglow Firefly: This dance is supposed to be simple! Focus up, or you'll be practicing till next Moon-Prayer Night at this rate! Again!
Moonglow Firefly: Lemme guess, you're angry because of what I said, right? I can tell, because now you're going too fast! You're ahead of the beat!
Moonglow Firefly: Sorry, Teacher... It's so noisy here, I... I can't hear the beat...
Kuuhenki: !
Moonglow Firefly: Miss Kuuhenki? Um... Are you sure it's no trouble?
Kuuhenki: !
Moonglow Firefly: Then thank you — yes, we'd love to have you play the accompaniment.
Moonglow Firefly: Alright, look sharp everyone! Time to step it up! Show me your best moves!
Moonglow Firefly: Five, six, seven, eight!

## Talk 29

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

The Damselette: (...I think I've had my fill.)
[Missing Dialog 60270312]

Paimon: ...Really? You're sure you don't wanna have a little more fun out there? Final answer?

Option 1:

> The Damselette: (Final answer.)
> The Damselette: Yes, I am sure.

Option 2:

> The Damselette: (Reconsider.)
> The Damselette: Hmm... Maybe I should think about this more carefully...


The Damselette: #Traveler, Paimon.
Paimon: Columbina! Finished with the festival already?
The Damselette: (...Actually, I'd like to have a bit more fun.)
Paimon: Okay! No need to rush, just take it easy.

Traveler: Would you like some Moon-Prayer Candy?
Paimon: Ooh, candy for us? Thanks a bunch, Columbina! Don't mind if we do!
Paimon: Whoa, this one's intense! Mmm, but it's sooo tasty!
Paimon: #What about you, Traveler? How does yours taste?
Traveler: Like Smetana, I think... A very novel flavor.
Paimon: Sounds good! Paimon's drooling now... Are there any more Smetana candies in the box?
The Damselette: Yes, I believe so.
Paimon: Kay, gotcha. Let's see...
Traveler: Have you tried any of them yourself?
The Damselette: Ah...
Traveler: Paimon, could you pick out three Smetana-flavored candies?
Paimon: Sure!
Paimon: This one, and... Yep, this one looks right, too... Okay, that's three!
Paimon: Here we go. One per person!
Traveler: All together, then?
Paimon (All Three Together): It's so sweet!

## Talk 30

(Continue enjoying Moon-Prayer Night, or talk to Paimon)

The Damselette: This was the most fun I've ever had on a Moon-Prayer Night.
The Damselette: Everywhere I went, people were saying "welcome home." And there were friends at every turn.
The Damselette: I only wish it could last longer than one night.
Paimon: Oh...
Traveler: Your friends will always be here.
The Damselette: Yes. You're right. I...
The Damselette: Ah, the Moon-Prayer Blossoms...
Kaarina: Ooh, look, look!
Lemetti: Moon-Prayer Night is here!
Reetta: The moon... It's so beautiful...
Domovoj: Happy Moon-Prayer Night, dear.
Lyylikki: Happy Moon-Prayer Night!
Kantor: Happy Moon-Prayer Night.
Lauma: ...
Aino: ...
Jahoda: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
The Knave: ...
Marionette: Hmph...
Alice: Time flies when you're having fun...
Nicole: Hmm...
Paimon: ...
The Damselette: Looks like the time has come.
Lauma: Columbina...
The Knave: You'll be... heading off now?
The Damselette: Yes... To the ruins you mentioned. And from there... back home to the moon.
Aino: ...Wait!
Paimon: Aino?
Aino: At least... at least...!
Ineffa: Take one of our Craftshop's krumkakes up to the moon with you... Y'know, for a snack!
The Damselette: Haha... Sure. Why not?
Nefer: The Curatorium of Secrets believes in proper farewells. No story should be left without a satisfactory end note.
Lauma: Nefer...
Flins: Farewells are an important affair for the Ratniki, too. We never know when we might meet again.
Varka: Haha... And here I thought grand farewells wouldn't suit tonight's mood. But I suppose friendly passion is not to be stopped, eh?
The Damselette: ...
Paimon: Hehe, we made a little something for you, Columbina!
Paimon: Tada!
The Damselette: Oh no...
Paimon: A Moon-Prayer Night greeting card — with drawings by all of your friends.
Albedo: You did mention that you'd like a portrait done, so I took the liberty of creating one for you.
Flins: I, meanwhile, did the portrait of Mr. Albedo, and Mr. Varka did the same for me.
Varka: I mean, I think my work was pretty true to life, don't you think?
Nefer: The picture of Ashru was my doing. The two of you seemed to get along rather well.
Jahoda: Wait, was I the only one who did a full-body picture? Ugh... That's so embarrassing...
Aino: I did the pictures of me and Ineffa!
Durin: I did my own portrait and one for Hat Guy.
Paimon: Plus, there's the two mages, Arlecchino, and Sandrone... So if you ever miss us, just flip the card open, and we'll all be right there with ya!
The Damselette: ...
The Damselette: I don't know what to say... Thank you so much, everyone... This whole Moon-Prayer Night was more than I could've ever asked for... It is the greatest gift I have ever received.
The Damselette: Ah! Lauma. I've figured it out.
Lauma: Hmm? Figured what out...?
The Damselette: Remember how the Frostmoon Scions used to use milk as invisible ink to write hidden messages?
Lauma: That was a very long time ago... Oh! Are you saying...?
The Damselette: Yes. When I miss you all, I shall use moonlight in the same way, to write words that only you can see upon the moon itself.
Durin: Wow! That sounds lovely.
Nefer: Quite, but... How will we see them...?
The Damselette: Simply open your windows on nights when the moon shines bright, and the moonlight will naturally flow towards the words I have written.
Flins: That sounds most fitting indeed. Very true to form.
The Damselette: I'll... try to write them in places that won't disturb your sleep.
Lauma: I, for one, would sleep all the better for having read one of your messages before settling down for the night.
Paimon: Exactly! So don't worry about disturbing anyone's sleep. Just promise you'll write to let us know you're okay, alright?
The Damselette: Alright, I promise.
The Knave: In that case... Columbina, are you ready?
The Damselette: I'm ready.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Let's go.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'll stay with you to the end.

The Damselette: Very well. Let's go.

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

The Damselette (Columbina): (Where should I go first...)

### Free Talk 2

The Damselette (Columbina): (This must be the mages' stall... It feels like I've entered a fairytale. Ah, how lovely.)

### Free Talk 3

The Damselette (Columbina): (There are so many attractions here... Since I rarely get out, I might as well make the most of it.)

### Free Talk 4

The Damselette (Columbina): (So this is the Frostmoon Scions' area? It feels very familiar... but everyone looks much happier than usual.)

### Free Talk 5

The Damselette (Columbina): (What's this...? Hmm. Should I give it a try?)

### Free Talk 6

Marionette: Hmph. Allow me to demonstrate since I'm feeling so nice. You just step on the teeth — like this.

### Free Talk 7

The Damselette (Columbina): Which should I pick...

### Free Talk 8

The Damselette (Columbina): (Hmm, I'm getting a bad feeling from this one. Sensing kuuvahki doesn't count as cheating, right? I want to switch.)

### Free Talk 9

Marionette: Don't come crying to me if you get bitten.

### Free Talk 10

The Damselette (Columbina): Your turn, Sandrone.

### Free Talk 11

The Damselette (Columbina): There are less and less teeth remaining...

### Free Talk 12

Marionette: Huh? What's that noise...

### Free Talk 13

Padisarah: (Here comes the ring! Oh, peanuts...)

### Free Talk 14

Wheel: (Change tracks!)

### Free Talk 15

Esnoir: (Rozel, Rozel! Should we move or not?)
Rozel: (Just a tiny bit.)
Esnoir: (Alright, then I'll... Oh, sugar plums! Not the clock hands! Um, how do I move the legs again?)

### Free Talk 16

Dori: (Stop it, stop it! Stop dodging! Agh...)

### Free Talk 17

Paimon: Nice! That's a pair!

### Free Talk 18

Paimon: Uh-oh, we've gotta pick up the pace!

### Free Talk 19

Paimon: Ugh, we're out...

### Free Talk 20

Paimon: Hehe, let's see who's gonna be the unlucky one...

### Free Talk 21

The Damselette (Columbina): Go on.

### Free Talk 22

The Damselette (Columbina): I win.

### Free Talk 23

Ineffa: I have a pair.

### Free Talk 24

Ineffa: Good luck, everyone.

### Free Talk 25

Aino: Go, go! Fly!

### Free Talk 26

Aino: Phew! That was too close. I thought I was gonna lose...

### Free Talk 27

Horellou: And the winner is Chestnut! Congratulations!

### Free Talk 28

Horellou: And the winner is Estampe! Well done!

### Free Talk 29

Horellou: And the winner is Cranberry! Bravo!

### Free Talk 30

Horellou: And the winner is... the Moon Goddess! Congratulations!

### Free Talk 31

Liouba: Nice! Data collection complete!