# Missing title (3835161207)

Traveler: Our spaceship...

The Damselette: It's huge... I suppose that the moon is the only place one could hide it.

Traveler: ...

The Damselette: #It'll be alright, Traveler.

Traveler: ...Huh?

The Damselette: The way you feel in this moment, I went through it too, on Moon-Prayer Night. The door was right in front of me, but I struggled to find the courage to step through.

The Damselette: Solitude for me once meant living a life in which even I was absent. Before I met you, that was the only life I knew.

The Damselette: But that night, solitude meant throwing away the life I had gained after meeting all of you...

Traveler: Columbina...

The Damselette: Go. Retrieve the part of your life that once was lost. Trust me, you will lose nothing by doing so.

The Damselette: Look. Teyvat is right there. All our friends are down there waiting for us.

Traveler: ...You're right. Thanks, Columbina.

Traveler: (...)

The Damselette: ♪~♪~

Traveler: ...

The Damselette: Hmm? Finished?

Traveler: Yeah.

Traveler: ...Why did you take your eye mask off?

The Damselette: Well... Since my return, I've decided to take more opportunities to see the world with my own eyes.

The Damselette: Besides... I've always wondered how Teyvat looks from the moon.

Traveler: And what do you think?

The Damselette: It's beautiful. I could spend a whole day here just gazing at it.

The Damselette: What about you? What do you think of the truth you found?

Traveler: ...

The Damselette: I haven't looked at another person's expression in a long time, but... I think yours is saying... it was neither good nor bad?

Traveler: Heh. Keep this up, and it won't be long before you give Nefer a run for her money.

The Damselette: Oh... I don't think that's going to happen. I'm much more used to sensing what's going on around me with kuuvahki. I think I'll save my eyes for seeing special moments I really want to remember.

Traveler: I... read the spaceship's flight logs.

Traveler: #I always assumed that this was my first time in Teyvat... I thought that Lumine and I must have been hibernating in space for centuries on end...

Traveler: But the logs show that our spaceship flew over the skies of Teyvat once before. A long, long time ago.

The Damselette: Flew over? So you didn't you land?

Traveler: No. The ship barely came to a stop before flying on again.

Traveler: After that, it continued traveling through space for a long time. Some of the data is corrupted, but I suspect that it kept flying for thousands of years.

Traveler: It was only after that that the ship made a forced landing in Nod-Krai...

The Damselette: ...

Traveler: #(When Lumine found me, she came from outside the ship...)

Traveler: #(Could this mean that she left the ship long before I did? Maybe even... during our first pass over Teyvat?)

The Damselette: Are you alright?

Traveler: Yes... I can feel that the truth is coming together, one small piece at a time.

Traveler: #I remember Lumine telling me that when she first arrived in Khaenri'ah, she could not recall the past...

Traveler: #So this might be something that even she doesn't know...

The Damselette: ...Here, I made some space for you. Your mind must be racing, and this seems like the perfect place to relax and clear your head.

Traveler: Oh! ...Wait, there's one more thing!

The Damselette: What is it?

Traveler: Wait here a moment...!

The Damselette: ...

Traveler: ...Hey, Columbina.

The Damselette: Hmm...? Is that... a new outfit?

Traveler: An old one, technically. It's been in a cabinet inside the ship this whole time.

Traveler: #It's a matching pair with Lumine's. She always liked this set more...

The Damselette: Huh. I don't think there's a huge difference.

Traveler: Really?

The Damselette: Yes. It's still the same you. You're the same person, no matter what clothes you wear.

Traveler: (Haha... Only Columbina would make an observation like that...)

The Damselette: #...Traveler, do you consider Teyvat your home?

Traveler: #(Home is... wherever Lumine is. But then, after all the time I've spent here, and everything I've been through...)

Traveler: ...Yes, I'd say it's my home.

The Damselette: Would you change your answer if Teyvat changed appearance? I mean... if the truth about Teyvat turned out to be different than what you thought.

Traveler: ...I don't know. But I don't think so.

Traveler: The truth is not what matters most to me about Teyvat.

The Damselette: ...

The Damselette: When I was first born, I longed for a home...

The Damselette: And when you get something before you're mature enough to understand the world, you just take it at face value.

The Damselette: I thought that a home was a transaction. You give me what I want, and I'll do the same for you.

The Damselette: But you and your friends taught me what a true home should look like. You never asked for anything, yet you gave so generously to me.

Traveler: That's because your friendship matters to us. It was worth it.

The Damselette: Haha... In the past, I thought that my birth in Nod-Krai must have been a mistake.

The Damselette: But after journeying to the distant past where the story began, I realized that it was I who chose Nod-Krai to be my future home.

The Damselette: Now, I am glad that I made that choice.

Traveler: I'm sure your friends are just as glad.

The Damselette: In fact, I intend to make the same choice today as I did back then.

Traveler: What do you mean?

The Damselette: Well, I've given the Eternal Moon's marrow to Lauma, and the Iridescent Moon's Marrow to Arlecchino.

The Damselette: And now, I shall return my kuuvahki to Nod-Krai again, that it may continue to protect my chosen home.

Traveler: Wait! But what about your body...

The Damselette: Hmm? ...Oh, are you worried that I'll disappear again?

The Damselette: Haha... I won't, not this time. The Frost Moon has now entered the false sky, and I am the Trilune Goddess.

The Damselette: I am only returning to Nod-Krai the part of me that it needs. I am giving what I can... because my home is worth it.

The Damselette: Oh, and I have something for you too.

Traveler: For me?

The Damselette: Yes. Come closer...

Traveler: ...!

Traveler: What was that?

The Damselette: I lifted some of the restrictions this world placed on you. I trust this will help in your future adventures?

Traveler: (My power... It feels like it's grown. I can use the elements more freely now...)

Traveler: ...Thank you. This will be a great help.

The Damselette: You're welcome. I see you as family, and after everything you've done for me, I... In fact, no. It's not because I owe you. It's because you're worth it.

The Damselette: Here. This flower is for you.

Traveler: Hmm? Isn't this a Moon-Prayer Blossom?

The Damselette: Yes. Don't worry, you will never see these flowers lose their color again.

The Damselette: I'm finally discovering the joy of giving... How I wish I'd learned this sooner.

Traveler: Hey, better late than never.

The Damselette: Hehe...

Traveler: What are you thinking about now?

The Damselette: Why don't you take a guess? You get... one shot.

Traveler: I don't think I'll get it in one guess. But I'm sure it's a happy thought...

The Damselette: That's kind of a sneaky answer... I can't say you got it wrong.

The Damselette: Down in Teyvat, the moon seems so far away. I felt it might always lie beyond my reach...

The Damselette: But on the moon, everything feels so close by.

The Damselette: The haze that once enshrouded the skies has finally been dispersed. I feel like a traveler on a winter's night, starting a new chapter in my tale by the warmth of a bonfire.

The Damselette: I don't have a lot of luggage, but I do have a lot of hope for the future.

Traveler: Haha... Well, what's next?

The Damselette: Next?

The Damselette: To start with... I want to stay here just a little longer.

The Damselette: After that, let's return home and continue our journey.