(Quest is part of chapter: Song of the Welkin Moon: Act X Of Myriad Paths, Flux, and Dissolution)

# Darkness Looming

The situation in Sumeru is even more dire than first thought, and people have come together to come up with plans for various contingencies.


## Talk 1 (alternative/additional)

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Thoth: Ahh! Fresh air... A wondrous feeling.
Heryshaf: Naturally.
Sobek: Ah, I have a sudden urge to stretch my legs... Can anyone recommend a suitable leisure activity?
Thoth: I might have had some recommendations for you, were this the past. But here and now, for someone who has just left prison... there could be no greater joy than simply being outside of it at last.
Heryshaf: I could not agree more.

## Talk 1 (alternative/additional)

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Liloupar: As I thought, the so-called Seven Pillars of King Deshret are as underwhelming as ever.
Jeht: What do you mean? Not a fan of the boys' club?
Liloupar: As men, as individuals, and even as gods, they are entirely undeserving of my attention.
Liloupar: Al-Ahmar once commanded me to select a king from among the people, so naturally, my eyes will open only for one who is worthy.
Jeht: Ugh... Can we talk about something else? It all sounds pretty complicated, and I haven't read that many storybooks...
Liloupar: Hah, you think this is a mere story? Well, many would also say that the journey you shared with your father is naught but a tale. My life, your life... they are nothing but stories.
Jeht: ...
Liloupar: ...Little girl, it appears that you really have grown. In the past, you would have flown into a blind rage at my words, but now you are unperturbed.
Jeht: Oh, it's nothing. I just feel like you're right.
Jeht: Getting all pissed at someone for telling the truth is pointless. It only makes me look petty.
Liloupar: This alone is proof enough of your growth. You're doing well, my dear girl. You're becoming ever stronger — strong enough to defend the people and things you hold dear.
Jeht: ...You think so...? I hope you're right.

## Talk 1 (alternative/additional)

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Cyno: Do you hear that? Sounds like your teacher is scolding mine.
Tighnari: Heh, classic.
Cyno: Did you see her? She's a former Vahumana student who dropped out of the Akademiya and went to Nod-Krai to work as an intel broker. There's more to her than meets the eye.
Tighnari: How can you tell? Do the matra have information on her?
Cyno: Some, but nothing telling. I'm basing it on the fact that she seems to be an expert liar. She can fool many with her words.
Tighnari: A sixth sense for liars after investigating so many of them, I take it?
Cyno: Yup. What about you? What do you make of her?
Tighnari: A little earlier, in the corner, I noticed she gave some supplies to Jeht and had her deliver them to the main group.
Cyno: She's meticulous, and highly observant.
Tighnari: Besides, what was it you said? Making it to the top is no easy feat in any profession. Anyone who's at the top of their game has to have some sort of edge over others.
Cyno: It's true. But she's not the only one at the top of her game. I also am, and so are you.
Tighnari: Sure, but what's to guarantee she won't overhear us talking about her?
Cyno: Don't worry, I have my methods. Sethos is distracting her.
Tighnari: Ah, I see.

## Talk 1 (alternative/additional)

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Nefer: You must be Sethos, the successor to the Temple of Silence. Hello.
Sethos: Yep, yep, yep, that's me. Nefer, right? That's what I heard the others calling you. Judging by your outfit, I'm guessing you come from the desert too?
Nefer: That's right. Started off in the desert, went to the rainforest, then went from there to Nod-Krai, where I work as an intel broker.
Sethos: Huh, well this is interesting. You don't seem to talk about yourself all that much, yet here you are volunteering your life story to me... however abridged.
Nefer: Maybe I'm looking to make some new friends?
Sethos: I like making friends, too. I'm easier to talk to than Cyno, and a little more streetwise than Tighnari.
Nefer: Which is why you came over this way, giving me the chance to strike up a conversation with you.
Sethos: Hahaha, was I that obvious?
Nefer: I think you did fine. You were mindful of my attitude, and hoped to lure me in through sentiment.
Sethos: "Lure you in" isn't exactly how I'd put it... I see it more as an invitation.
Nefer: An invitation to what?
Sethos: To put down your luggage. Lay down your burdens. To return to your homeland, and be truly welcome in the place you once felt so estranged from.
Nefer: ...
Nefer: You're a more interesting heir to Bamoun than I was expecting.
Sethos: Since you're familiar with my grandfather, I'll assume you're aware of our situation. I'd like to make friends with you, and I think you'd be a great asset to us.
Sethos: Not to mention the power you and I both hold originally belonged to the same organization.
Nefer: Aha, there we go. Now we're getting somewhere.

## Talk 1 (alternative/additional)

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Cyrus: And what's your prize student doing?
Naphis: What else would he be doing? Whatever yours is, eh?
Cyrus: And Collei's with them, I suppose. Heh, these kids are rarely apart, are they?
Naphis: Our elders always said that your school days stay with you forever. This goes doubly so for Sumeru, where "school days" can be long indeed, wouldn't you say?
Cyrus: Well, does it look like I'm immune, saddled as I am with you and Zaha Hadi?
Naphis: Oh, what's that? Tired of us already? And speaking of Zaha Hadi, she mentioned out of the blue how you'd doodle on your books while studying.
Cyrus: Pfft, that's hardly all I used to do while hitting the books.
Naphis: She said that you once circled the name of the murderer in a detective novel, and that — just in case someone missed it — you even wrote, "the murderer is so-and-so" as a hint. On the title page, no less!
Cyrus: Did I now? Haha! I suppose I always was the creative type!
Naphis: Oh, laugh it up, would you?
Cyrus: Hahaha! Young Cyrus really was a budding genius, wasn't he?
Naphis: Full of wild ideas, more like. And you're still very much that kid, you know. A living example of how your school days stick with you.
Cyrus: As they have with you, you straight-laced prig.
Cyrus: *sigh* You know what? Let's leave it at that. Might as well bear with one another rather than expect us to "turn our lives around" or something.
Naphis: ...Truth be told, you should probably keep an eye on Cyno and his friends. We'll all need to tread more carefully than we used to.
Cyrus: I will. Take care of yourself as well, alright? Don't let the pressure get to you.

## Talk 1

(Wait for the researcher to arrive)

Thoth: You must be the ones tasked by the Akademiya with renovating Aaru?
Kaveh: That's right. Good afternoon, I'm Kaveh, and these two are Termezi and Naysaburi. Hey, Alhaitham! Come and introduce yourself...
Alhaitham: We've met before. This is Thoth, the Ibis King, and everyone knows these two. Afternoon, gentlemen.
Kaveh: I've only ever seen "these two" in murals!
Thoth: Ah, the paintings in the temple! They show us chatting, playing cards, playing chess... Precisely the activities we most enjoy, funnily enough.
Sobek: No, only you enjoy playing chess! We were just humoring you!
Heryshaf: I wouldn't go that far.
Alhaitham: Back to the matter at hand. A preliminary assessment by the Akademiya indicates that this project requires expertise in various disciplines, including the deciphering of ancient texts, mechanical engineering, the restoration of ancient ruins, and elemental theory.
Alhaitham: The most capable minds in their respective fields are here before you. If there are no objections, we'd like to begin our work.
Bennu: The artisans who built Aaru for Al-Ahmar gave their very lives to create this splendid work. Follow their example by giving your utmost devotion to this project.
Alhaitham: I didn't know that. We'll do our best, of course, but we certainly won't be sacrificing our lives.
Bennu: Such brazen words! Hmph, humans these days are a far cry from their ancestors. What little respect you show for King Deshret...
Kaveh: No no no, that's not what he meant! Please, don't mind him! He shares your sentiments, just not your... uh, penchant for hyperbole. Assuming that's what you were going for?
Alhaitham: I just think it's important to manage expectations.
Kaveh: Forgive my lack of courtesy, but we simply can't sacrifice our lives to the gods on completion of the project like people in the legends of old.
Kaveh: Here's a first draft of the project proposal for your perusal. Please let us know if you have any requests.
Kaveh: Normally, I'd have made it look a lot more visually appealing, but... we were really pressed for time on this occasion. I hope you'll forgive me if it's a little rough around the edges.
Heryshaf: Naturally, naturally.
Bennu: Hmph... If my fellow ministers deem this meager display of respect sufficient, I suppose I can consider agreeing to their proposal.
Thoth: Why are you so preoccupied with the ostentatious displays of respect to Al-Ahmar? We should be trying to make things easy for them. You never know, we might have to rely on these young people to look after us in our old age.
Sobek: Exactly!
Bennu: ...
Bennu: This is Aaru's mainframe. Be reminded to use it with great caution.
Kaveh: We certainly will. Thank you for your assistance.
Sobek: You may attempt to lay out punishments should you so desire, though I'm afraid it would be futile. You and I both know that certain components of Aaru can only be operated by humans.
Bennu: King Deshret always believed in humanity. Still, the reason that Aaru's modules are designed that way is not so much because he trusted them... but more because he was wary of you.
Kaveh: (Is that true? No wonder human artisans helped to build Aaru, then... He actually required human assistance to create his greatest work.)
Heryshaf: Naturally.
Kaveh: Have you noticed that the Goat King keeps giving superficial responses? It's like he's just going through the motions and leaving the real debate to his colleagues.
Alhaitham: He understands the art of perfunctory speech — that's what earned him his position as the Minister of Ministers. It seems the rumors about King Deshret being a poor judge of character are baseless after all.
Kaveh: Excuse me for being blunt, but it sounds suspiciously like you're putting yourself on a pedestal and mocking me.
Alhaitham: You're mistaken. And while there's nothing strictly wrong with making every conversation about yourself, it's not exactly a positive tendency either.
Kaveh: You...! Ugh, whatever, I knew it'd be like this working with you... Alright, lemme past! I need to look at this console...
Alhaitham: It's your job to activate it, after all. Let's begin.
Alhaitham: Everyone, please proceed with the external checks and preparations as per the procedures outlined in the engineering plan.
Thoth: Hello there, youngsters.
Termezi: Whoa! The Ibis King came to life!
Thoth: What do you mean "came to life"? I've been alive the whole time!
Naysaburi: Y—You did say we could start our research, right...? Are you having second thoughts now?
Thoth: I've reviewed the proposal. The work you're planning to carry out on this grand device is ambitious in its scope. You have ample confidence in your abilities, I take it?
Kaveh: Haha, I wouldn't say I'm feeling hugely confident... But given how bad things are, I'd rather at least try something than sit around waiting to die.
Thoth: You are the top scholars of your day. I trust you are aware that there are countless links between Aaru and the Akasha?
Naysaburi: Aaru and the Akasha? But...
Termezi: I thought the Akasha was the Akademiya's greatest technological accomplishment? Created years ago by the Dendro Archon to help her people access knowledge...
Thoth: And you two? Do you not know either?
Kaveh: You've read the instruction manual, right? You tell them.
Thoth: An instruction manual? The Akasha has an instruction manual? The Dendro Archon is a kind and thoughtful god indeed.
Alhaitham: It used to sit on a shelf in the corner at the House of Daena. Not the most popular read.
Alhaitham: If the manual is to be believed, Aaru was in fact the original inspiration for the Akasha system.
Naysaburi: What!? But there are so few records about Aaru anywhere... And practically none of the scientific expeditions into the desert had anything to do with it.
Thoth: Ah, but this is something you could not possibly have known. You may have heard many stories about the desert, but what is the most important aspect of history? Consider this a quiz. Anyone from Vahumana present?
Termezi: I'm from Vahumana. It's, well... veracity.
Thoth: Precisely. And a large part of veracity is the chronological order in which events occur.
Thoth: I may as well tell you. In the beginning, Nabu Malikata, the Goddess of Flowers, descended upon Sumeru. The glory of the heaven was within her. She brought life, oases, and knowledge to this land.
Thoth: Then, she created the Jinn, enlightened them, and ordered them to serve her. Two other gods also walked upon this land where wisdom flowed in abundance, and the three met beneath the great green trees.
Thoth: It was the first and greatest alliance. We should speak with reverence of this covenant between the three, which transcended both time and life. For they promised that in Sumeru, wisdom would be shared with all.
Thoth: All the great changes in Sumeru's history began with the Goddess of Flowers. For King Deshret's sake, she pried into the secrets of Celestia, and for this was burned to ashes by the flames of wrath.
Thoth: So grieved was King Deshret by her passing that he lost all interest in state affairs and devoted himself instead to the knowledge that she had brought back. It was after learning of the technology from that floating island in the sky that he first conceived of "Aaru."
Thoth: And so, the Akasha was inspired by Aaru, while the basis for Aaru itself came from Celestia's technology.
Kaveh: Well, if the two share a common technological origin... then connecting one system to the other is an entirely feasible idea.
Thoth: Hmph. Unbelievable... Have you no reverence at all for celestial technology?
Kaveh: No, I do, but there's no time for that! The schedule is too tight. Blame it on the deadline!
Alhaitham: Perhaps you could try coming up with our cut-off dates.
Kaveh: Do you know what it's like having to turn around five different drafts in one day? I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy!
Termezi: Yeah... Also, Sir Ibis King... You don't plan on getting directly involved at all, do you?
Naysaburi: Yes, well, you strike us more as having come to give a popular science lecture... Or wait, does this count as more of a.... firsthand witness statement?
Thoth: Ahahaha... Neither! Anyway, this sounds like far too much work for me.
Termezi: Still... if Aaru is so powerful, why didn't King Deshret use it for more ambitious ends?
Thoth: Because it was never fully completed. King Deshret had grand plans, but he perished before they could come to fruition.
Thoth: In the beginning, his wish was to create something that could rival the very world itself. The Lord of Flowers sacrificed everything for that ambition.
Thoth: What he desired, she bestowed, and thus was knowledge brought into the world. Her courage and sacrifice had to be honored with the most splendid of monuments, or King Deshret would surely have deemed it a grave injustice.
Thoth: And that monument, built from knowledge and technology, etched with a sacrificial and courageous love... Even in its unfinished form, it deserves to be treasured.
Thoth: At that time, King Deshret said the following to the Lord of Dendro:
Thoth: "Since we share an eternal covenant, I shall never be your enemy. Hence, the fruit of wisdom from the heavens is not to be devoured."
Thoth: "Remember, it is not that I lack the power to become the enemy of wisdom. Yet, you and she have taught me much and shown me kindness... For this, I cherish you both."
Thoth: In the end, Aaru was only used to store a portion of the souls. It was but a primitive form of the masterwork the King had envisaged... His final hope for Aaru was to return to the past, when she yet lived.
Alhaitham: So the point you're making is, King Deshret was both powerful and ambitious, and he only ceased his imperious ways out of affection for the Goddess of Flowers and the Dendro Archon.
Alhaitham: You could see this as an act of mercy, but you could also see it as the sentiments that lay between these three gods placing constraints on him. This was, after all, the foundation of the alliance between them.
Kaveh: ...This explains why Aaru was both a prison and a monument, and why the answer to the three questions was "time"...
Thoth: You have to be careful who you get involved with, or you invite all manner of misfortune... This is as true for gods as it is for humans.
Thoth: Love is the same. It is both a prison and a monument.
Thoth: Alright, let us pause the story here for now. Seeing as you've been so diligent, I'll offer a little help.
Thoth: Who's in charge again? Is it you two?
Kaveh: Ah, yes, me and him.
Thoth: Now then, close your eyes...
Thoth: "Wisdom hides in the space between the tangible and the intangible. It is to convey the incommunicable through the simplest of mediums."
Thoth: "By the power of King Deshret, I shall grant you a glimpse into the unseen secrets that lie at the threshold of existence."
Kaveh: ...Where did this come from? Is it a new mechanism?
Alhaitham: It looks more like some form of externalized information... You've rendered it visible?
Thoth: Just as the Akasha allows you to access a greater range of knowledge, the power of our King permits one to perceive ingenuities that do not belong to this world.
Thoth: This is no ordinary mechanism. It reflects the internal structure of Aaru.
Thoth: Whether you choose to increase or decrease, keep or discard... Come, use these to achieve the outcome you desire.
Kaveh: Hmm, looks mechanical to me... Better let me handle it, just in case. But wait, how do I get up there?
Alhaitham: Turn around.
Kaveh: So that's where the elevator is!

## Objective 3

(Study the mechanisms in Aaru)


## Talk 4

(Check the monument)

Kaveh: Obelisks were used to record important information in the ancient desert civilization... Hey, Alhaitham, there's some writing here I'll need you to decipher.
Kaveh: I've sent it to your screen. Do you see it?
Alhaitham: Got it... It's a little blurry, but I should manage.
Kaveh: Take a look and tell me what it says. Oh, and I'll send any other similar text directly to you from now on.
Alhaitham: Let's start with this one. Hmm, it's a variant of an older script... "Herein lie verses written for the yellow sands."
Alhaitham: Looks like cultural information from the age of King Deshret.
Sobek: Ahem... If so, I suggest you delete it.
Thoth: Haha... Words thrown together merely for fun. I had no idea Aaru kept a record of this.
Alhaitham: Well, as long as you're certain that this is strictly private information, that's fine.
Heryshaf: It is unimportant.
Kaveh: Alright, well... I guess I'll start now.

## Objective 5

(Study the mechanisms in Aaru)


## Talk 6

(Check out the monument)

Kaveh: Found some more. Sending them over to you now.
Alhaitham: ...These are all reports about the Gurabad conflict.
Kaveh: Can we delete them?
Alhaitham: I'd say so. Most of this information has already been archived anyway.
Kaveh: Hmm... What if there are details in there that Vahumana missed? What are we supposed to do if they come after us in the future?
Alhaitham: They'll just have to live with it. If we don't resolve these issues now, there won't even be an Akademiya in the future, let alone a Vahumana Darshan.
Kaveh: Yeah, you're right. Okay, done.
Kaveh: There's some other similar monuments nearby. I'll check them out.

## Objective 8

(Study the mechanisms in Aaru)


## Talk 9

(Check out the monument)

Kaveh: Another monument.
Alhaitham: Hold on.
Kaveh: ...
Kaveh: You're still reading it? How long is it?
Alhaitham: It records the development and governance of the Oasis civilization. Most of it concerns the Jinn, but it also contains records left by the artisans who built Aaru.
Kaveh: Is it important?
Alhaitham: Some of it. There was no way for me to read the whole thing in its entirety, so I had to rely on my intuition to pick the parts worth keeping.
Kaveh: What about the artisans' records, what do they mention?
Alhaitham: Their speculations, mostly. For instance, they were wondering how to protect themselves if King Deshret decided to silence them after the construction of Aaru was complete.
Kaveh: ...Sounds like pure mythology to me. Surely that kind of thing didn't really happen?
Alhaitham: The records do emphasize that this was merely their conjecture based on various myths. Still, the artisans did leave details of their plans to survive, including blueprints for their escape route.
Kaveh: Even that got recorded? Okay, well I'll make a copy of this first before I delete it...
Thoth: Is that truly necessary? You won't be needing those.
Kaveh: No, no, the blueprints are important. I want to keep them as a memento.
Kaveh: Phew, I think that should just about do it...
Alhaitham: It meets the requirements of the contingency plans, so we should be good.
Kaveh: I gotta say, it's the strangest feeling, this cross between reality and the intangible...
Kaveh: It's like drifting between life and death, or in and out of a dream, using my own hands to manipulate illusions that are forever out of reach.
Alhaitham: Chasing dreams in the most literal sense. Definitely a novel experience.
Kaveh: What happens if my spirit just... floats away?
Alhaitham: That won't happen. Anyway, I wouldn't celebrate just yet if I were you. There's likely to be a phase two of this project.
Kaveh: Alright, I'd better keep my wits about me, then.
Thoth: I expected that the outside world no longer respected the ancient gods... but even so, I do find the tone of these youngsters to be dreadfully impolite.
Heryshaf: It should hardly come as a surprise to you. I remember you saying the same thing last time.
Thoth: I assumed that was just a one-off... I did not realize it was the norm.
Sobek: Don't you think that young lad's matter-of-fact tone sounds familiar? It bears a rather uncanny resemblance to you, Goatie.
Heryshaf: Surely a sign that he is a man of rare intelligence.
Thoth (Thoth & Sobek): Argh!
Sobek: Argh!
Thoth: The rest of them, though... Much better. The blond-haired one for instance. So sincere. That's the kind of kid I can respect.
Sobek: Oh really? Well, what about your disciple, Nefer? She's about the furthest from sincerity that a person can get.
Heryshaf: Ah, and now you hit the crux of the issue. Thoth is spouting lies again. He cares nothing for sincerity — he likes Nefer simply because her personality is just like his.
Heryshaf: Thus, in giving his approval to Nefer, Thoth is simply validating himself. The rest is but smoke and mirrors.
Sobek: You have some nerve saying that. There really is no helping you two...
Heryshaf (Heryshaf & Thoth): Shut up, chess rookie.
Thoth: Shut up, chess rookie.
Sobek: What nonsense is this!? How dare you tell me to shut up!
Bennu: How can you engage in such banal chitter-chatter at a time like this? Aaru has been opened, the glory and splendor of a bygone age is about to sweep over the earth like a flood, and you're here squabbling like petulant children?
Bennu: All three of you are insufferable! King Deshret was merciful indeed, giving you a chance to be released from prison. I say, you should have been locked up for good!
Shesepankh: Ah, but Bennu, look on the bright side. Had they not been released, we would not have been awoken.
Bennu: Oh, you've been here this whole time? You should be scolding them along with me!
Shesepankh: I miss Hermanubis. It's not a real reunion without him here.
Bennu: And now you're avoiding the topic and talking to yourself... Why King Deshret designed your personality like this, I will never understand!
Shesepankh: Isn't this simply proof that our King supports my free will?
Sobek: Look at those two rustbuckets... Suddenly, you two do not seem so bad after all.
Thoth: Hear, hear. If being stuck together for thousands of years fosters no friendship, I cannot say what would.
Heryshaf: Naturally.

## Talk 10 (alternative/additional)

(Rest for a while)

Thoth: I expected that the outside world no longer respected the ancient gods... but even so, I do find the tone of these youngsters to be dreadfully impolite.
Heryshaf: It should hardly come as a surprise to you. I remember you saying the same thing last time.
Thoth: I assumed that was just a one-off... I did not realize it was the norm.
Sobek: Don't you think that young lad's matter-of-fact tone sounds familiar? It bears a rather uncanny resemblance to you, Goatie.
Heryshaf: Surely a sign that he is a man of rare intelligence.
Thoth (Thoth & Sobek): Argh!
Sobek: Argh!
Thoth: The rest of them, though... Much better. The blond-haired one for instance. So sincere. That's the kind of kid I can respect.
Sobek: Oh really? Well, what about your disciple, Nefer? She's about the furthest from sincerity that a person can get.
Heryshaf: Ah, and now you hit the crux of the issue. Thoth is spouting lies again. He cares nothing for sincerity — he likes Nefer simply because her personality is just like his.
Heryshaf: Thus, in giving his approval to Nefer, Thoth is simply validating himself. The rest is but smoke and mirrors.
Sobek: You have some nerve saying that. There really is no helping you two...
Heryshaf (Heryshaf & Thoth): Shut up, chess rookie.
Thoth: Shut up, chess rookie.
Sobek: What nonsense is this!? How dare you tell me to shut up!
Bennu: How can you engage in such banal chitter-chatter at a time like this? Aaru has been opened, the glory and splendor of a bygone age is about to sweep over the earth like a flood, and you're here squabbling like petulant children?
Bennu: All three of you are insufferable! King Deshret was merciful indeed, giving you a chance to be released from prison. I say, you should have been locked up for good!
Shesepankh: Ah, but Bennu, look on the bright side. Had they not been released, we would not have been awoken.
Bennu: Oh, you've been here this whole time? You should be scolding them along with me!
Shesepankh: I miss Hermanubis. It's not a real reunion without him here.
Bennu: And now you're avoiding the topic and talking to yourself... Why King Deshret designed your personality like this, I will never understand!
Shesepankh: Isn't this simply proof that our King supports my free will?
Sobek: Look at those two rustbuckets... Suddenly, you two do not seem so bad after all.
Thoth: Hear, hear. If being stuck together for thousands of years fosters no friendship, I cannot say what would.
Heryshaf: Naturally.

## Talk 10 (alternative/additional)

(Rest for a while)

Tighnari: How's it going? Are things progressing smoothly?
Kaveh: Well enough, I suppose. You know how it is — the work itself is only half the problem. The other half is having to work with Alhaitham.
Tighnari: I'm sure the feeling is mutual. Honestly, though? I thought you two had already worked things out.
Kaveh: As if! Turns out working closely together is the best way to expose any tensions lurking beneath the surface... Besides...
Kaveh: ...*sigh* I just think that some people never change.
Alhaitham: Agreed. Case in point — you didn't make sure I was out of earshot before you started complaining about me.
Tighnari: Old habits die hard.
Kaveh: Actually, this is for your own good! Maybe if you spend a little more time listening to what other people have to say, you might actually realize that you're the problem!
Alhaitham: Naivete is another old habit of yours.
Tighnari: I had assumed that you both volunteered for this project, like us Forest Rangers... But now I'm getting the sense that wasn't the case.
Alhaitham: Definitely not. We were assigned to it by Lesser Lord Kusanali and Naphis.
Kaveh: *sigh* As much as I'd love to be doing normal work for normal clients, these titan projects are all that's on offer right now. Though I'm sure they wouldn't be roping us in if they had any better options... Just goes to show how short-staffed the Akademiya really is.
Alhaitham: I'm sure you've prepared yourself mentally, but I still feel the need to advise you to lower your expectations. It might make the process of working together a little less intolerable.
Kaveh: I know! Same to you! But if you already understood that, you should also know not to say the quiet part out loud!
Tighnari: Why don't you come help me with my forest patrols? Might help you avoid any further disagreements.
Alhaitham: Good suggestion, but unfortunately, differences of opinion will always exist. Changing the nature of the work won't get rid of them.
Kaveh: For once, I actually agree. There is zero chance of us ever resolving our differences! Zero!
Kaveh: ...But even so, the work must be done. *sigh*... Care for some coffee?
Alhaitham: I'm glad to see you making progress.
Kaveh: Don't act so smug! It'd be nice if you made some, too!
Tighnari: I feel like even I've made some progress today. In the past, I never would have dared to try and mediate a conflict between you two while you're both right there in front of me.
Kaveh: Apologizing probably makes it sound like I'm in the wrong, but... I'm sorry.
Tighnari: Heh, I was just kidding. Truth be told, I don't have any work to do at the moment, so I'm just here to kill some time.
Kaveh: How's Collei?
Tighnari: She's studying with Nicole. I'm not sure how she's getting along... but she seems to be in good spirits, at least.
Alhaitham: I wouldn't worry. Angelic affairs are probably above your pay grade anyway.
Tighnari: I know what you mean, but Cyno and I are still a little concerned for her. He said he'd go keep Collei company after he's finished training the mercenaries. I'm planning to join them myself shortly.
Kaveh: Collei will be okay. Have faith in her.
Kaveh: Even we can see how much more confident and outgoing she's become in these past few years. Thanks to you and Cyno being there for her and providing guidance every step of the way, she can finally stand on her own two feet.
Tighnari: On her own two feet...
Alhaitham: Does it feel bittersweet watching the younger generation grow up and move on?
Tighnari: No. Not yet, at least. I was just thinking... I wish there was more I could do for everyone.
Alhaitham: She'll be fine.
Kaveh: Yeah, she will. Just try to relax.

## Talk 10

(Rest for a while)

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NONE): Missing text (1659102258)

## Talk 11

(Head to the entrance to King Deshret's mausoleum)

Sobek: Traveler from afar... Do you worry for the fate of Sumeru as well?
Paimon: Whoa! It's Sobek the Crocodile King!
Traveler: Greetings, Crocodile King.
Sobek: Please be at ease. I'm just here to chat with you about Lesser Lord Kusanali.
Traveler: Sounds like you really care about her.
Sobek: Yes, although to be exact... it is a mixture of both concern and curiosity that I feel.
Paimon: Speaking of Nahida, Paimon was wondering how she's doing...
Sobek: Wait a moment.
Sobek: ...
Paimon: What is it?
Sobek: I tried calling out to Apep, but there was no response.
Sobek: This can only mean that she is focusing all her energy on taking care of Lesser Lord Kusanali.
Paimon: All the gods who served King Deshret seemed super surprised to hear that Apep agreed to help Nahida... Guessing she made a bad impression on you, or something?
Sobek: Are you aware of the history between her and our King?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I'm aware.
        Sobek: Then you are learned indeed. I am glad to know that Sumeru has the support of someone like you.
        Sobek: At the end of his life, King Deshret tricked the Dendro Dragon into swallowing him whole, leaving her to bear the torment of his sins...
        Sobek: The Dendro Dragon despised King Deshret, yet he outwitted her. Rather than bringing disaster to the land, he chose to deceive her and thereby ensure his annihilation — an act that surely displays his love for humanity.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I'm not.
        Sobek: The story begins a long time ago. Al-Ahmar was always a wishful thinker where the Dendro Dragon was concerned... Without consulting her, he decided to list her among the Seven Pillars and declared his own power to be far superior to hers.
        Sobek: That was when our King was at the height of his power. Ibis, Goatie and I were no match for him, and so we chose to submit and serve as his ministers. But not Apep... No, she never thought much of him.
        Sobek: To Apep, Al-Ahmar's pride and sense of superiority were nothing but ignorance and hubris. In fact, they fought numerous times, but usually the battle ended in a draw.
        Sobek: In the end, King Deshret coveted the power of Celestia, only to end up corrupted by knowledge.
        Sobek: His final act was to trick the dragon into swallowing him whole, leaving her to bear the torment of his sins...
Sobek: The Dendro Dragon stands for the glory of a bygone era... She hated Al-Ahmar and what he represented: all the gods, all the power they wielded.
Sobek: And so, her willingness to help the Dendro Archon through this crisis comes as a great surprise indeed. It makes one wonder whether, perhaps, the Dendro Archon assisted her in the past?
Paimon: Yup, Nahida did her a huge favor!
Black Screen Text: You tell Sobek about how Nahida helped to free Apep from her suffering...
Sobek: So Lesser Lord Kusanali put an end to the Dendro Dragon's many long years of torment...
Sobek: As much as she loathes The Seven, Apep knows kindness when she sees it. No wonder she was willing to make an exception.
Paimon: Yeah, that's the sense we got from dealing with her, too.
Sobek: She is not incapable of coexisting with other living things — rather, she actively chooses to avoid coexistence. And this, despite the fact that she symbolizes life itself... How ironic.
Sobek: All of this being said, I wouldn't expect too much from her if I were you. Nothing will change her hatred towards humanity and gods.
Paimon: We'll keep that in mind...
Paimon: Anyway, how much longer do you think Nahida needs to stay with Apep?
Traveler: Maybe we should go and pick her up?
Paimon: For all we know, the Fatui might still be in the desert... Just to be on the safe side, why don't we grab anyone who isn't busy right now and go look for her?
Nahida (???): I'm alright, Paimon.
Paimon: Huh? Was that Nahida's voice?
Sobek: It seems the treatment was effective.
Apep (???): Since when do my deeds require your evaluation?
Paimon: Ah!
Nahida: Here will do just fine.
Apep: I had no intention of taking you any further. One ought not expect greater generosity than they have earned.
Nahida: You always hide your kindness away like an oasis within a sandstorm. Only those who make it through the swirling winds can know just how beautiful that oasis is, and how much hope it brings.
Apep: You dare appraise my being?
Nahida: No, I'm expressing my gratitude. I want to thank you for sharing your precious life force with me.
Nahida: Hmm...
Apep: Awake already? You are more resilient than I thought.
Nahida: Apep...
Nahida: I feel much better. Thank you.
Apep: Gods and their gratitude mean little to me. I would rather you give me your assurance that the situation with Irminsul and Sumeru's Ley Lines will be competently managed.
Apep: If I suffer any ill effects from the Ley Lines, you, as the god of this land, will be held responsible... and you would not enjoy being held to account by me.
Nahida: I understand what you require. But I would assume this task even if you did not demand it.
Nahida: Sumeru is my responsibility. I must resume my duties as soon as possible.
Apep: A farcical notion. God of Sumeru, I hope you realize how unextraordinary your strength is.
Nahida: And yet, maybe it is precisely what defines me. A God of Wisdom is not meant to rule by force.
Apep: Then hold steady. We go forth.
Thoth: Well, I'll be... Is that Apep!?
Thoth: Do my eyes deceive me? Of all places, the Dendro Dragon has decided to visit the Mausoleum of King Deshret?
Apep: I see that after all this time, Al-Ahmar's menagerie of ministers remain as vile as ever.
Heryshaf: It's a pleasure, Dendro Dragon. Had you arrived but a little sooner, you might have attended a meeting of the Seven Pillars.
Apep: Pah. What a nauseating thought.
Apep: You are not the first insects I have had the displeasure of dealing with today. A swarm of them tugged on my tail on my way over — goodness knows what hovels they crawled from. Why do all the creatures of this world remain so lowly after all this time?
Sobek: What did you do with them?
Apep: I cast them away! What would you have me do, keep them as trinkets?
Apep: Buer, this is where we shall part ways. To be clear, I do not wish to see you, or anyone else here, ever again unless absolutely necessary.
Nahida: Then I wish you peace as you return to your dwelling place.
Traveler: Thank you for helping Nahida.
Apep: It matters not to me. Simply refrain from bothering me again.
Sobek: A force to be reckoned with... At times like this, I feel glad that she has no interest in any of this.
Sorush (???): Ugh, hold on... just hold on, okay? We're almost there!
Paimon: Huh? Wait, that voice, it's...
Traveler: ...Sorush?
Sorush: We made it!
Arapas (Aranara): !!!
Sorush: Obviously, I was worried about the Dendro Archon! I've been supporting them with my pari powers the whole way here...
Sorush: Uh-oh! I'm gonna fall!
Traveler: I've got you!
Sorush: Well that's a relief. A pair of safe hands indeed...
Heryshaf: The Dendro Archon's familiars... They are the last thing I expected to see here.
Paimon: Huh? Wait, what are the Aranara doing here!? Don't you guys hate the desert?
Paimon: They seem pretty nervous. Is it 'cause there are too many people around...?
Sorush: Not just people! It's all these non-human beings too... It's hard on them.
Nahida: I can't believe you made such a long and dangerous journey just for my sake... I appreciate your support so much. Thank you all.
Nahida: I'll have to ask everyone to wait while I help our new arrivals settle in. Once I'm done, I'll gather everyone to discuss our next steps.
Nahida: #Traveler, Paimon, shall we find a place for our friends to stay?
Traveler: Sure.
Paimon: Awesome! Let's go!
Nahida: Well, first I have some questions...
Black Screen Text: You answer Nahida's questions, bringing her up to speed on everything that has happened...
Nahida: Okay, I think that covers everything... Thank you. We can get going now.

## Talk 12

(Go back inside the mausoleum)

Arapas: Waaaah... Big Dendro Dragon threw us across the sky... so scary... and so many Nara here...
Aradashan: Cheer up, Arapas, they're all looking at us! Wait... th—they're all looking at us!?
Ararycan: Surely, all those Nara can't see us...? Nara are always so busy, walking here and there...
Arapas: Hide, hide! Don't let the Nara catch us. They can have the pot, but... Wait, no! The Nara can't take the pot. My sister said I have to look after it...
Arayuta: Th—The Nara are coming...
Nahida: Hello, everyone. It's only us.
Arabalika: #Oh! Lord of Dendro, Nara Traveler, and White Floaty.
Aradashan: #Lord of Dendro, Nara Traveler, Paimon! It's been a long time.
Nahida: It must be very tough for you coming all the way out here, especially since you don't like the Val{RUBY#[S]sand}uka. Is everyone back in Vanarana doing well?
Arabalika: Araja is a Vasara Tree. Vasara Trees protect Vanarana, so that means Araja is protecting Vanarana.
Ararycan: Don't worry, everyone who stayed behind will do their best to protect their home. And we'll all do our part, too!
Sorush: Ah, everyone's here. Good.
Paimon: Are you okay? You looked like you were about to pass out back there.
Sorush: Hmph, then you're forgetting who I am! Don't underestimate me!
Arapas: Sorush, the mighty Red Floaty.
Sorush: Red Fl— Excuse me!? Are you comparing me to Paimon!?
Ararycan: Well, Ararycan think it suits you...
Nahida: I suppose everyone is gathered here because of me. As we can see, the situation is critical, and everyone is very busy with their various tasks, so—
Arapas: Need help? Arapas can help! We can all help! Arapas brought a pot to make soup. Very delicious!
Arayuta: Mm-hmm, all of us are here to help!
Arabalika: Arabalika, Ararycan, Arapas, Aradashan, Arayuta, Arasata, and Arasaha will all help!
Nahida: I can't thank you enough. Right now, we're focused on restructuring Aaru, processing excess information, and helping restore everyone's confidence... I'm sure you'll find it all very straightforward.
Sorush: I can help too. Just let me know where I'm needed.
Ararycan: Together, together!
Arabalika: Lord of Dendro, Arabalika has something important to tell you.
Arabalika: On our way out of Vanarana, we saw some Nara talking in secret... Male Nara, up to no good.
Paimon: Up to no good?
Arabalika: Yes... Two Nara, sneaking around. At Ca... Cara...
Ararycan: Caravan Ribat!
Nahida: ...Hmm, that definitely sounds suspicious.
Nahida: #Traveler, Paimon, I have other work to attend to here that needs to take priority. Could I trouble you to investigate the situation Arabalika spoke of?
Paimon: No problem! Leave it to us!
Nahida: Thank you, I'm counting on you.
Nahida: There's one other thing. If you are to work alongside the people of Sumeru, you will need to make yourselves visible to them... Is that acceptable to everyone?
Arapas: W—Well, if we really have to...
Ararycan: ...I guess we have no choice.
Arasata: Don't be afraid, Arapas. You make the most delicious soup. Everyone will like you.
Nahida: There's nothing to fear. No one here will hurt you. But if you do feel afraid, don't worry — just call my name, and I'll be there.
Arabalika: Okay.
Nahida: Very well. Now, I shall bestow a small blessing upon you all. Whenever people see you and interact with you, from the moment their gaze meets yours they will experience the most beautiful of dreams.
Black Screen Text: Nahida gently raises her hand. You don't know what she did, but you feel a wonderful presence, like something out of a lovely dream indeed.
[Missing Dialog 60341642]

Black Screen Text: The people around you turn their heads and scan their surroundings. They hear it too. Ancient voices speak from the forest, soothing everyone's hearts:
[Missing Dialog 60341645]

Nahida: "Do not fear. We will face it together. This, too, shall pass."

## Talk 13 (alternative/additional)

(Head to Aaru's Shut)

Aradashan: Wah! The Nara are looking this way!
Arayuta: Uh-oh, uh-oh...
Ararycan: It's okay. It's okay.
Arabalika: Arabalika will protect you all.

## Talk 13

(Head to Aaru's Shut)

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NONE): Missing text (1241864362)

## Talk 14

(Head to Aaru's Shut)

Nahida: Ah, everyone's here. Wonderful.
Naphis: Dendro Archon! You're back!
Kaveh: Are you recovering alright? You mustn't push yourself too hard.
Nahida: I'm doing very well. Thank you for your concern.
Black Screen Text: The scholars update Nahida on the progress of Aaru's renovation...
Nahida: I see... Using the power of Aaru to reboot the Akasha and gain access to Irminsul.
Nahida: It's a sound plan, although...
Nahida: I regret to be the bearer of bad news, but with the state that Irminsul is currently in, it's impossible to access via traditional means. Even the Akasha won't change that.
Naphis: ...Alas. We had feared this may be the case.
Alhaitham: What about non-traditional means?
Kaveh: Non-traditional means?
Naphis: Are you saying...
Alhaitham: Desperate times call for new measures.

## Talk 15

(Return to Caravan Ribat)

Paimon: Heyyy! We're here!
Jeht: Benben and I are here to help too!
Benben: —!
Cyno: Ah, it's you. Is there a situation?
Cyno: The Aranara have good intuition when it comes to people. In other words, there may well be a traitor among us.
Nefer: Given everything that's going on, I'd be more surprised if there wasn't.
Cyno: Miss Nefer, as a professional intelligence broker, I trust you have a solution?
Nefer: Not one that I'm willing to volunteer. What's in it for me?
Cyno: Let's say I'll treat this as a pilot project aimed at expanding your intelligence operations. Whatever business you're in, an avenue to demonstrate your abilities could never hurt.
Nefer: I like the sound of that. Glad we're on the same page.
Cyno: Given that you rarely set foot in Sumeru, practically no one at Caravan Ribat knows who you are.
Nefer: I take it you've read the files on everyone in the area?
Cyno: Yes. I also skimmed the list of evacuees, and I'm more or less up to date on where everyone stands.
Nefer: Any initial suspects?
Cyno: Limiting the scope to males whose recent activity could be viewed as suspicious, I've identified three names.
Cyno: The Aranara saw two people talking, but currently we only have one suspect. The other person was probably just a messenger, and in all likelihood has already left Caravan Ribat.
Nefer: Everyone is heading for the desert, per the evacuation order. Anyone willing to turn back at this stage is almost certainly with the Fatui.
Cyno: There's no way it was a spur-of-the-moment decision to act at a time like this. This spy must have been planted long ago.
Cyno: ...We need to smoke him out from wherever he's hiding.
Nefer: Sounds like you have the beginnings of a plan.
Black Screen Text: Cyno and Nefer quickly exchange intel and narrow down the relevant information...
Nefer: ...I see. Your suspicions are well-founded. I'd be watching him too if I were you.
Cyno: So far, we still lack solid evidence that he's been bribed. He hasn't made any recent purchases that would indicate he came into some cash.
Nefer: Then let's get closer to him to confirm before we make our move. I can handle it — I'm not based in Sumeru, so barely anyone at Caravan Ribat knows who I am.
Cyno: And you're certain you've never encountered this person in Nod-Krai?
Nefer: I'm certain. Besides, it's extremely rare for me to have had any direct contact with Sumeru mercenaries besides Jeht. There's no way he could have seen my face before.
Nefer: Cyno, stay out of sight and wait for my signal. If he raises any red flags, I'll bring him toward the main road.
Cyno: Understood. I'll take it from there.
Nefer: Excellent. Well, it's a pleasure working with you.

## Talk 18

(Investigate the suspicious person)

Nefer: (...Darker skin, scars... Frequents the desert, and has ample combat experience.)
Nefer: (Nothing unusual about how he dresses or acts... Hmm? What's that he's looking at...?)
Nefer: (...A coin? Interesting. Could that be how his contact paid him? Conveniently discreet for someone trying to hide any unexplained income, and yet it could be highly valuable...)
Nefer: Sorry to bother you. Has everyone here already left? I don't suppose you happened to see a lady wearing a hat?
Qanafiya: Ma'am? What are you doing in Caravan Ribat all by yourself? The main group evacuated some time ago. Didn't you pass them on the road?
Nefer: My friend and I lost some of our cargo along the way. I didn't want to miss out on potential business, so I told her to go on ahead and meet the client while I retraced our steps. I didn't think it would be so late by the time I found it...
Nefer: *sigh* And then there was a terrible sandstorm... I guess I must have taken a wrong turn, because I didn't see any large groups on my way here.
Qanafiya: Forgive me for asking, but just to be on the safe side... Could you describe this friend of yours?
Nefer: Sure — she has blonde hair, and she was wearing a hat and a white dress. You'd definitely know if you'd seen her.
Qanafiya: Yes, I think that does ring a bell... Ah, my apologies. During this exceptional time, the Corps of Thirty are under orders to be extra cautious when dealing with unknown people, whoever they might be.
Nefer: I understand. Well, Sir, is there anything else you need to know? If not, I'd better try and catch up with them.
Qanafiya: Hey, wait!
Qanafiya: They left a good while ago now. You'll never catch up with them on your own. Why don't I give you a ride? I'm here to collect the last few people anyway. We have plenty of carts, so one more won't be a problem.
Nefer: That would be amazing! Traveling with a group will be much safer. I'll have to pay you for your trouble.
Qanafiya: Hey, let's not worry about the money for now. Wait here a moment. Once I'm done packing up, I'll take you to join the rest of the group.
Nefer: Alright, thanks. Let me know if you need a hand carrying anything.
Qanafiya: Hahaha, no need for that. I'm strong enough for both of us.
Nefer: Okay. Well, I wish there was some way I could repay you... Guess it's my lucky day, running into someone who knows what they're doing here. You might have just saved my life, you know.
Qanafiya: You're not wrong there. I mean, what kind of cargo is so important that it's worth risking your life to get back? I hope for your sake that it's priceless...
Nefer: Um... actually...
Nefer: ...I suppose I can tell you, since you've been such a big help. But be sure to keep it to yourself, or we could both be in big trouble.
Qanafiya: Oh, really? Sounds mysterious.
Nefer: We're in the... antiques business. You understand? Some of our goods aren't acquired through the most legitimate means. We have to be very discreet when we're selling them. That's why I had to go looking for the missing cargo alone.
Qanafiya: Ah, no wonder...
Qanafiya: ...Well, Ma'am, in that case, it turns out that maybe there is something you could do for me.
Nefer: I'm all ears — but to be clear, our commission isn't cheap. Think carefully before you ask. We don't want to ruin our relationship before we even hit the road.
Qanafiya: I'm sure that won't be a problem. My issue is... I have something that's a little difficult to sell on as well. Take a look at this...
Black Screen Text: The mercenary reveals the old coin in his hand. Thanks to her dealings in Nod-Krai, Nefer has seen plenty of antiques in her time and recognizes it as a very rare, high-value item.
[Missing Dialog 60342229]

Nefer: Pure gold... That's quite something. How'd you come across it? Dig it out of some ancient tomb?
Qanafiya: Hehe, if you look hard enough, there are many treasures to be found in the Mausoleum of King Deshret.
Nefer: (It has no distinct Snezhnayan markings — that'll be why he's going with that story. And he clearly doesn't want to arouse suspicion, so he's on the lookout for an opportunity to make a quiet trade...)
Nefer: Surely you have an existing business partner? Won't they take it off your hands? I hope I won't be attracting the wrath of my competitors by helping you sell this.
Qanafiya: Ah, the shop I used to work with is having cash flow issues at the moment after losing some money. I'm under enough pressure as it is without having to deal with them. On the off chance anything went wrong, I'd never get my money back...
Nefer: I understand. Gold is the last thing that traders with cash flow problems want to see. Well, in that case, I think we can work something out.
Qanafiya: As it happens, I'm just about done packing. Shall we make a move?
Nefer: Sure. Let's walk and talk.

## Talk 19

(Leave Caravan Ribat)

Nefer: ...
Cyno: Hands where I can see them!
Qanafiya: General Mahamatra!? No, wait... wh—what are you doing!?
Cyno: This is the coin? Good.
Cyno: Sadly, you won't have the chance to spend it.
Nefer: Nicely done. Looks like Sumeru's matra are a well-oiled machine nowadays.
Cyno: Unmarked gold coins are quite difficult to trace. Thanks to you, we have secured the evidence.
Cyno: Here's what's gonna happen...
Black Screen Text: Cyno nods to the group, then turns and leaves with the suspect.
[Missing Dialog 60340210]

Cyno: Southeast from here, leeward side of the hill. That's where he's meeting his contact.
Nefer: Great work. Candace tells me your interrogation skills are highly effective.
Cyno: Hers are quickly catching up. She's improved a lot in recent years.
Cyno: Looks like it's over to you for the next step.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Because I'm quickest on my feet?
Cyno: Because you know how to trail a target. Plus, it'll be easier to monitor their activity from the air.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...Fine. I'll be quick.
Cyno: #One more thing: Traveler just brought a message from the Dendro Archon. Once you're done with this, we're to meet up at the Mausoleum of King Deshret.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Got it. Will do.
Paimon: Are you sure you'll be okay on your own?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Gee, I dunno. Maybe you should come with me?
Paimon: Uh... Okay! Then Paimon's coming with you!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Really? You do know this is a stealth operation, right? Meaning, you have to be quiet?
Traveler: Paimon...? Are you sure about this?
Paimon: Um... Well, Paimon at least wants to give it a shot. Like everyone says — if you never try, you'll never know!
Paimon: Besides... being the best guide in Teyvat has to count for something! This should be a piece of cake!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Fine, join me if you want. But be warned: If anything goes wrong, I'll have to gag you and shove you into a bush.
Paimon: ...No need! Paimon will be super careful, promise!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Good. Then what are we waiting for? Let's go.
Paimon: Ah! Coming, coming!

## Talk 20

(Head to the designated location)

Paimon: Hat Guy, wait up! Hey, slow down, will you!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: We're here. Now, we wait.
Paimon: Okay, yeah, cool... Cool.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: What's on your mind, Paimon?
Paimon: Huh? Oh, uh... n—nothing...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I thought all you cared about, besides being a guide, was food and sleep. Why the sudden urge to go on a dangerous mission?
Paimon: What's that supposed to mean? Paimon's been on plenty of dangerous missions before!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: #But never on your own. You hardly ever leave Traveler's side.
Paimon: ...Ummm...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Just saying, I'm kind of at loose ends right now, so if you did wanna share, I suppose I'd have to listen. If not, suit yourself. Makes no difference to me.
Paimon: ...
Paimon: Hat Guy... Do you... think Paimon is useless?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: What? Where's that coming from?
Paimon: #When we were in Nod-Krai, Paimon suddenly realized something. Even though Paimon's with Traveler every single day, whenever we face real danger... She can't do anything to help.
Paimon: #Paimon doesn't get like this very often. She just got really scared when Traveler got kidnapped that time... What if he never came back? What would Paimon do then?
Paimon: ...And the more Paimon thought about it, the more useless she felt... But Paimon doesn't want to be a burden. Paimon wants to be a friend who's actually useful.
Paimon: Um... Does that make any sense? You know that feeling of just... just being completely useless, and... Ugh, Paimon probably sounds so ridiculous right now!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You asked the right person. Boy, do I know that feeling.
Paimon: Aw, Hat Guy...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I'm not gonna try and encourage you. What I will say is this: When you start doubting yourself, you have two choices — give up, or change.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: You have to make the decision to move forward. Otherwise, no amount of consolation from other people is gonna help you.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: So ask yourself — what do you want? To get stronger? To learn more? Whatever it is, go do it. You won't have any regrets if you can at least say that you tried.
Paimon: ...Alright!
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: (...Something's not right. Shouldn't they be here by now?)
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Paimon, is it just me, or is it a little too quiet around here?
Paimon: Hmm, should Paimon take a look...?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: We'll give it another hour. If nothing happens, we head back.
Paimon: Okay!
Black Screen Text: Time ticks by, but still nothing happens...
Paimon: How strange... We've been here for ages, where the heck are they? Have we been stood up?
Paimon: What is it? Did you think of something?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: ...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Something feels off about this whole situation, but I can't quite explain why.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: We know for sure that the guy Cyno caught had something set up, yet somehow his contact is a no-show. So, either the handler got caught — or, more likely, they decided to cut our guy loose.
Paimon: But... how would they know to do that? Wouldn't they at least send someone here to check things out?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: That's the problem. They couldn't possibly know what's happening here, unless...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Tsk, this feels all too familiar... Come on, let's head back.

## Talk 21

(Talk to Nahida)

Nahida: Even though this isn't a formal meeting, I'd still like to start by saying how grateful I am to each and every one of you. Thank you all for coming here and standing by our side.
Heryshaf: Shesepankh and Bennu are currently assisting the scholars with the maintenance of Aaru. Please forgive their absence.
Heryshaf: As for Hermanubis, may he rest in peace. We remember him with great fondness.
Nahida: There have been times when I've imagined what it might be like to meet you all. Now that it's really happening, I feel quite emotional.
Nahida: Time has taken many things away, but that which remains is all the more resilient.
Sobek: I must say, there is one thing that rather surprises me.
Sobek: You appear to be in good spirits, Lesser Lord Kusanali. But even so, I can sense that the life force given to you by the Dendro Dragon has far from fully resolved the problem of your vitality...
Paimon: Oh no... So even Apep's power didn't work?
Nahida: Don't worry, Paimon. It worked very well indeed.
Nahida: The issue is how closely I am tied to Irminsul. Until the problem with it is resolved, there's no way I can fully recover.
Nahida: Sumeru has undergone tremendous changes during your absence. When gods pass away, inevitably people's faith in them grows weaker... You must have sensed it already. Your power is not what it once was.
Thoth: *sigh*... Regrettably, this is true.
Nahida: I, too, have grown weaker due to the effects of Irminsul. Right now, we're all in quite a sorry state.
Heryshaf: Then what do you suggest?
Nahida: We take all the help we can get.
Nahida: Sumeru is our shared home. You and I, gods and humans alike, we must unite all our strength in this moment.
Heryshaf: Though Al-Ahmar is no longer with us, the alliance between the three gods remains in force. Regardless, as subjects of our King, we have a responsibility to support Sumeru through this catastrophe.
Heryshaf: Not to mention that it was the people of Sumeru who released us from this prison of Aaru. Times have changed, and the people of today possess greater wisdom than those of the past.
Thoth: Heh, you really know how to give a rousing speech, Goatie.
Heryshaf: Now then, let us learn more about your plan.
Thoth: The brightest minds of the Sumeru Akademiya are busy opening and renovating Aaru. They claim it has something to do with Irminsul?
Nahida: Correct.
Nahida: Irminsul has existed in Teyvat since the very beginning. But during the age of the dragons, it did not possess the significance it holds today.
Nahida: After the Heavenly Principles arrived, the power of the Light Realm was divided into elemental energy, and Irminsul was refashioned as a device that records and preserves all information.
Nahida: Since then, everything in this world has been inextricably linked to it.
Nahida: As the Dendro Archon, I have a duty to protect Irminsul. To Sumeru, it is both a national treasure and, undeniably, a major threat.
Nahida: Teyvat has seen many upheavals in the last few years. The most recent of these was a major crisis in Nod-Krai, which forced Sumeru to be even more vigilant than usual.
Nahida: I made sure to monitor all the pathways through which an outsider could potentially transmit themselves into Irminsul. But despite my efforts, a major problem still arose within...
Nahida: I still believe that someone has actively invaded Irminsul. But rather than taking any of the pathways I referred to, the intruder chose instead to utilize the most direct route... and the only one that cannot be protected against...
Nahida: ...By entering Irminsul through death.
Thoth: I see what you mean. You cannot simply stop all deceased souls from returning to the Ley Lines because of a potential invasion that could occur at any time.
Nahida: That's right. As important as it is to guard against external threats, I couldn't allow myself to stop the souls of the departed from finding peace.
Cyno: Please understand how difficult this predicament was for the Dendro Archon.
Heryshaf: Defense has never been an easy task.
Nahida: After Irminsul was invaded, my authority was quickly restricted. Soon after that, the tree began denying access to any connections...
Heryshaf: I'm sure you feel responsible, but you are not to blame. No one can predict every possible disaster. There will always be trials and tribulations for the world to endure.
Nahida: But the people of Sumeru should not have to endure this. We must find a way to break through the lockdown and connect to Irminsul.
Thoth: And this is why you need Aaru.
Nahida: Yes. The only thing in Sumeru capable of rivaling Irminsul in terms of overall function and performance is Al-Ahmar's legacy — Aaru.
Nahida: All I managed to do before falling into a coma was make some minor adjustments to Irminsul. Using Aaru is a last resort, and a move that comes with enormous risks.
Nahida: The scholars' initial plan was to borrow Aaru's power to reboot the Akasha, then use the Akasha to connect to Irminsul and investigate.
Nahida: Unfortunately, Irminsul has suffered far greater damage than they first thought, rendering that plan futile.
Nahida: To rise to the challenge, we had to resort to more extreme and far costlier means. This has led to a number of new contingency plans.
Nahida: To reclaim Irminsul, our brightest scholars have made further modifications to Aaru with multiple goals in mind. I thank you all for giving them your blessing in this endeavor.
Heryshaf: Human wisdom has clearly improved over the millennia. You have not only our support, but that of the Jinn, the aranara, and the pari.
Nahida: Together, we will do everything in our power to save Irminsul.
Thoth: By the way... When you spoke earlier of an intruder, it almost sounded as if you knew who you were dealing with, and what they were capable of.
Nahida: Well... since you ask...

## Talk 22

(Talk to Nahida)

Unknown Role (TALK_ROLE_NONE): Missing text (3766676978)

## Talk 23

(Talk to Nahida)

Collei: Master Tighnari... Wh—What is that?
Tighnari: Is this... Irminsul?
Sethos: How did this happen!? What's going on inside?
Cyno: Luckily, we managed to evacuate everyone.
Paimon: What in the world was that!? That was... terrifying...
Traveler: (Nahida... So this is the catastrophe she's been fighting against all this time?)
Thoth: Oh my... I understand now, Dendro Archon. You make yourself quite clear indeed.
Sobek: Not once over the millennia has Irminsul been so terribly afflicted as this...
Heryshaf: ...Please continue, Dendro Archon.
Nahida: Irminsul's root system is what comprises the Ley Lines. In the past, it has always been hidden away, going unseen by the general populace. But now, an evil intruder is making it reveal itself.
Nahida: It has become a tree of unbridled greed... a clear sign that a deranged experiment has advanced to a new stage.
???: Blasphemy... From where I stand, an experiment in the name of blasphemy sounds rather improper.
???: But if we are to honor Dottore's will, this is what we must do.
Nahida: The birth of this tree proves to me beyond doubt that this incident is connected to him.
Nahida: But to explain the situation in full, there is someone I need to tell you about...
Black Screen Text: In the most concise and precise language possible, Nahida explains what she knows about the Second of the Fatui Harbingers, The Doctor.
Black Screen Text: His true name is Zandik, and his crimes are beyond all reckoning.
Thoth: Zandik... So it was him. I saw him in the desert once... A man of supreme arrogance... So this is where it has taken him.
Paimon: But didn't Dottore die in Nod-Krai? How is he still able to do all this?
Nahida: He must still have loyal followers amongst the Fatui. Even so, I'm still unclear as to how he has been able to wield such a profound influence over Irminsul.
Nicole: I can confirm that Fatui forces have arrived in Sumeru City.
Nicole: Furthermore, Irminsul seems to be undergoing some kind of mutation. Evil branches are beginning to grow... Things that do not belong to this world are slowly but surely... materializing.
Nicole: Sorry — I couldn't think of any other word to describe it. They don't seem to be fully formed physical entities yet, after all, but they are gradually becoming real.
Heryshaf: A baleful tree, climbing up into the heavens...
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: Speaking of Dottore, I have some information on that front as well.
Black Screen Text: Wanderer recounts how he and Paimon went to the meeting spot, only to find no one waiting for them.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: I didn't think it was wise to state this out in the open. But my theory is, the mole wasn't cut off after he was caught. They wrote him off from the beginning.
Cyno: You mean, the Fatui never intended to follow through with him? Then why plant a mole at all?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: It's hardly a conventional strategy, and the rationale behind it is pretty twisted.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: But as it happens, I know someone who works exactly this way. And when it comes down to it, his goals are very simple... He just wants to confuse people, so they can't figure out what he's up to.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: He's been a collaborator of Dottore's from the outset. That fact alone confirms that Dottore is involved with this somehow.
Black Screen Text: Some people gasp upon hearing this name, while others fall silent. Clearly, there is more going on here than anyone realized.
Black Screen Text: Nahida proceeds to summon all relevant parties for a lengthy and in-depth meeting.
Black Screen Text: Nahida gives a detailed explanation of the enemy and the potential scale of the crisis.
Black Screen Text: After further intel provided by Nicole and Nefer, a plan is formulated and everyone prepares to get to work.

## Talk 24

(Return to Aaru's Shut)

Naphis: There is still much to be done. Everyone, please remember our core strategy.
Nahida: As per the discussions, the following groups must act immediately:
Nahida: Mr. Alhaitham and Mr. Kaveh, the next phase of the Aaru Renovation Project must begin right away. Godspeed to you both.
Kaveh: We'll give it everything we've got.
Alhaitham: The plan looks feasible, but the implementation will require certain resources.
Nahida: General Mahamatra Cyno and his team will help to procure the materials required for modifying the terminal.
Cyno: No problem. I've already spoken with Sethos and Hat Guy, and they've agreed to assist me.
Sethos: This kind of thing is best left to the fleet-footed, right, Hat Guy?
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: If it's efficiency you're after, we're the right people for the job.
Naphis: Following up on the elemental energy amplifier we discussed... Miss Dori, I assume you're the one most familiar with the status of this project? Aside from the Dendro Archon, of course?
Dori: Yup, that's right! Leave it to Lord Sangemah Bay.
Naphis: Got it. Well, I'd like Madam Faruzan, Collei, and Nicole to support Dori on the technical side.
Faruzan: You can count on us.
Collei: Will do!
Nicole: Rest assured, I'll take good care of Collei.
Naphis: Dehya, Candace, and Nefer, you'll be in charge of negotiating between the various parties. I trust you remember our goal?
Dehya: You bet. We can handle it.
Naphis: Good. I believe that covers everything. Tighnari will provide ad-hoc support as needed, if that's okay?
Cyrus: Poor Tighnari. It must be tough being Naphis's student, getting bossed around all day every day.
Naphis: Hey, don't try and drive a wedge between us, you old rascal.
Tighnari: All it says to me is that Master Naphis has faith in everyone's abilities. While I'm nominally here as backup, I doubt there will be many situations where my help is needed.
Naphis: Exactly.
Nahida: #Finally... Traveler, you and I will head to the border between Sumeru and Natlan.
Nahida: Once that task is complete, I'll be asking some of you to accompany me to the Eternal Oasis.
Collei: The Eternal Oasis? I thought that was just a legend... so it does exist after all.
Naphis: Regarding your trip to Natlan... Under normal circumstances, a meeting between our two nations would be a far more formal affair. Unfortunately, Sumeru is all but completely cut off from the outside world at present...
Naphis: So regretfully, we won't be able to give the Pyro Archon Mavuika the grand reception that she deserves. My apologies for the inconvenience.
Traveler: Not a problem. We'll do our utmost.
#{REALNAME[ID(1)|HOSTONLY(true)]}: No point putting too much pressure on yourselves. That goes for everyone.
Cyrus: Right! Especially you, Dendro Archon. I'm sure you're still feeling quite weak.
Nahida: Don't worry about me. The Dendro Dragon's life force will sustain me.
Paimon: Plus, we'll be there every step of the way. Nahida will be just fine!
Nahida: Yes. I believe in myself, and I believe in every one of you.
Nahida: Well, time to get going.

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Qanafiya: This evacuation was a huge operation. They needed a few people to stay behind and tie up loose ends, and I ended up being one of them. You're lucky you ran into us in time.
Nefer: I certainly am. *sigh* I don't know how this happened. One thing led to another, and look how it ended up... I just hope our client doesn't get spooked and cancel their order.
Qanafiya: Fingers crossed. But either way, life goes on, and we all have to make a living somehow...

### Free Talk 2

Nefer: (...Darker skin, scars... Frequents the desert, and has ample combat experience.)
Nefer: (Nothing unusual about how he dresses or acts... Hmm? What's that he's looking at...?)
[Missing Dialog 60342203]