# Autonomous Mechanical Energy Source: Conclusion

Unknown Role (None): How did it go, Traveler? Did Pursina's Spikes come in handy?

Unknown Role (None): They were a big help.

Unknown Role (None): Our problem has been solved.

Unknown Role (None): Very good! We did not labor in vain, then. I suppose this commission has also drawn to a close.

Unknown Role (None): As for this anomalous Ruin Grader model, its functions seem vastly different from your ordinary wandering Ruin Guards or Ruin Hunters. The entire thought process behind their design was superior by leaps and bounds.

Unknown Role (None): However, similar machines are not common. My guess is that this might have been some sort of experimental model.

Unknown Role (None): Why did its initial creator make it in the first place?

Unknown Role (None): Does this mean that the ancients' skill in making autonomous machines is greater than we estimated? How very fascinating.

Unknown Role (None): If I could take it apart, we'd be sure to make some revolutionary discoveries...

Unknown Role (None): Traveler, if you have the time, could you take me to see the remains of that anomalous model?

Unknown Role (None): There's not much left of it.

Unknown Role (None): What? Did you destroy its frame completely?

Unknown Role (None): Agh, Archon... What a colossal waste! No, it's a colossal error!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* It's all my fault. I should have reminded you beforehand...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, what a shame, what a shame! It could have been a historical find in the field of ancient technical studies... And now there's nothing left to even take back as samples.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, it's alright. You weren't aware of the academic value it held in the first place, so you can't be blamed for acting as you did.

Unknown Role (None): It was I who, as the person who knew its value, should've reminded you, but did not. I was remiss in my duties, not you in yours.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you had told me earlier...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, this problem arose from my failure to consider all the possibilities. Alas, it is all too late now.

Unknown Role (None): This trip really was a struggle from start to finish. First, I couldn't secure long-term residence in Ritou... and now I've allowed such a momentous discovery to go to waste...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, it's all water under the bridge now. Let's be positive, shall we? At the very least, I did manage to repair my set of Pursina's Spikes, and even managed to test their functionality.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I truly do look up to Pursina and Ayesha, who were able to make such precise instruments. Their wonderful creations should never have been allowed to waste away inside our storehouses.

Unknown Role (None): ...You know what? If my research here in Inazuma really can't proceed, I might as well change my research topic to Pursina's Spikes.

Unknown Role (None): If the Akademiya ends up taking notice of this subject of study, and if my research paper does end up being published...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I'll definitely write your name into the acknowledgments.

Unknown Role (None): Let's hope I actually understand your report.

Unknown Role (None): Well, we'll see, won't we?

Unknown Role (None): I hope that your future travels will avail you as much as our cooperation this time has.