# A Very Fishy Encounter

Unknown Role (None): Perfect, it looks like I'm all set...

Unknown Role (None): Put your back into it, Jala! You'll round 'em all up in a few days!

Unknown Role (None): R—Round up?

Unknown Role (None): A p—poacher?

Unknown Role (None): Eek! A poacher in Fontaine... Does animal trafficking make so much money nowadays?

Unknown Role (None): Not on Paimon's watch! You're coming to the Maison Gardiennage with us!

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh. It's you two.

Unknown Role (None): Well, sure. I just came from the Maison, in fact. Need me to show you the way?

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): Good. I like straightforward people!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, something's not right... You're not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. You must be a regular offender... Or maybe...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe... there's been a misunderstanding?

Unknown Role (None): True. She's not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. She must be a regular offender... Or maybe...

Unknown Role (None): I could be standing on the right side of the law, eh?

Unknown Role (None): More accurately, the Maison has hired me as a special environmental protection consultant — an "Unchained Hunter."

Unknown Role (None): Specifically, I'm hunting invasive species of fish that have made their way into Fontaine's waters.

Unknown Role (None): Invasive... species?

Unknown Role (None): That sounds familiar.

Unknown Role (None): Right! Paimon thinks we heard about something like that back in Mondstadt...

Unknown Role (None): What's that?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's memory is fuzzy, but we heard about something like that in Mondstadt ages ago, she's sure of it...

Unknown Role (None): Well, let's not dwell on the past. What matters is the here and now.

Unknown Role (None): These invasive species were let loose by some merchants who hold strange beliefs.

Unknown Role (None): Some of the fish are extremely aggressive, others reproduce incredibly fast, and others were raised on special feed. All told, they're a huge problem for all the local aquatic life.

Unknown Role (None): If these fish occupy the habitats of local creatures and mess up the ecosystem, Fontaine's water quality might be affected.

Unknown Role (None): The impact on Fontainians' health might be something we'd only feel in the future. But the flavor of a drink like Fonta could change instantly, and that'll spell untold trouble for the economy.

Unknown Role (None): Fonta shall not fall! Not today!

Unknown Role (None): I don't really drink Fonta, but I understand its importance.

Unknown Role (None): All this understatement makes the problem sound worse! We can't just sit back and do nothing!

Unknown Role (None): Now, we're old hands at catching fish, so why don't we help you out?

Unknown Role (None): Yes! I've been waiting for you to say that!

Unknown Role (None): I've already set up a capture zone into which we can lure all those invasive fish using bait...

Unknown Role (None): So it's time to strut your stuff, Honorary Knight and Helper in White! As for me, I'll support you from the rear!

Unknown Role (None): Is it just Paimon, or does she... understand us really well?