# Missing title (1678230423)

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Kinich. Look who's here.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! The Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw demands you to attend him at once!

Unknown Role (None): #We meet again, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): You seem well.

Unknown Role (None): I am anything BUT well! My dullard servant has spent the last few hours staring at colorful paper scraps... The boredom is killing me!

Unknown Role (None): These "paper scraps" are decorations, and they look like they're made out of cardboard. They're quite interesting.

Unknown Role (None): You like the decor around here, Kinich?

Unknown Role (None): Do you like paper theater, Kinich?

Unknown Role (None): I'd say I do. I think this cardboard would make a fitting home for Ajaw.

Unknown Role (None): You mean to imply I'm some sort of paper dragon?

Unknown Role (None): You spend so much time being banished, the inside of a cardboard box should feel like home to you by now.

Unknown Role (None): K—Kiniiiiiich! Just you wait, you'll be on your knees, begging for forgiveness, when you behold the true majesty of the Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw!

Unknown Role (None): Until then, I'll be sure to take in the majesty of the little paper dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, I see you've brought a Kamera with you. Would you mind taking a photo of this paper theater for me?

Unknown Role (None): Of course not, and I can take a picture of you while I'm at it.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, this'll make a good souvenir for our vacation.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right. How should we pose for the photo?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with a fun pose.

Unknown Role (None): We should try a cool pose.

Unknown Role (None): I think a formal pose is best.

Unknown Role (None): You can't even decide something as simple as a pose? Watch closely, worm!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, how's this?

Unknown Role (None): Perfect. I'll line up the Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): We're ready.

Unknown Role (None): The fun pose might work better.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with the cool pose instead.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): How about we switch to the formal pose?

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it a bit more.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Let us know when you've decided.

Unknown Role (None): You can't even decide something as simple as a pose? Watch closely, worm!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, how's this?

Unknown Role (None): You can't even decide something as simple as a pose? Watch closely, worm!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, how's this?