# Missing title (3933262503)

Unknown Role (None): It's you. Long time no see.

Unknown Role (None): I was just preparing to release some Xiao Lanterns. Care to join me?

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): You're not going to ask why I'm here?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, did you know I was coming here?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't know, but I can sense your scent.

Unknown Role (None): You walk with a carefree stride, and you're holding a Kamera. It's obvious that you came here to take pictures.

Unknown Role (None): This temple sits between mountains and rivers. It's a tranquil place.

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, visitors come here to paint, and sometimes I see the younger ones bring their Kameras with them.

Unknown Role (None): It just so happens that nobody else is here today, so don't worry about others disturbing your photography session.

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to take a picture of you, Xiao.

Unknown Role (None): ...Of me?

Unknown Role (None): We can keep it as a memento of you releasing your Xiao Lanterns.

Unknown Role (None): I just came to release them. I never considered keeping mementos.

Unknown Role (None): Be that as it may, I think it's a good idea. We'll do as you suggest.

Unknown Role (None): In your opinion, how should I hold myself in this photo?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with a fun pose.

Unknown Role (None): We should try a cool pose.

Unknown Role (None): I think a formal pose is best.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, how's this?

Unknown Role (None): Perfect. I'll line up the Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): The fun pose might work better.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with the cool pose instead.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): How about we switch to the formal pose?

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it a bit more.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Just let me know when you've decided.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, how's this?

Unknown Role (None): Okay, how's this?