# Missing title (837513247)

Unknown Role (None): #Hey there, Traveler. Seems like this sea of flowers caught your eye as well?

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to take pictures of the flowers.

Unknown Role (None): Great idea. These flowers are all species I've never seen before... There's a real need to document them.

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to take pictures of you.

Unknown Role (None): You are? Haha, I guess it has been a long time since we last saw each other.

Unknown Role (None): Hear me out... These flowers have developed some pretty miraculous traits — you'll see what I mean when you touch them...

Unknown Role (None): And I think we should try to include these traits in our photos.

Unknown Role (None): These flowers sure are gorgeous... It's almost like they've been enchanted.

Unknown Role (None): It might seem a little weird for me to say that, but trust me, the natural world can produce marvels that are just as wondrous as magic.

Unknown Role (None): Whenever I encounter such wonders, I just want to snap a picture right away.

Unknown Role (None): In a sense, I suppose that lines up with your way of thinking as well.

Unknown Role (None): It's time for your picture, Tighnari!

Unknown Role (None): Fantastic. This is the perfect spot to take one.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, how should I pose for this picture... Do you have any suggestions?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with a fun pose.

Unknown Role (None): We should try a cool pose.

Unknown Role (None): I think a formal pose is best.

Unknown Role (None): Will this work?

Unknown Role (None): Perfect. I'll line up the Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): The fun pose might work better.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with the cool pose instead.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): How about we switch to the formal pose?

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it a bit more.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Let me know when you've decided.

Unknown Role (None): Will this work?

Unknown Role (None): Will this work?