# Missing title (2893219111)

Unknown Role (None): #Heya, Traveler! I was just thinking about you! It's been ages since I last saw you — there's so much we gotta chat about!

Unknown Role (None): My father made a batch of new fireworks yesterday, and I helped him out! The clients were a couple of newlyweds.

Unknown Role (None): I told my father to use all sorts of vibrant colors in the formula. Here's to hoping that explosion of colors will become a part of their wonderful memories together.

Unknown Role (None): And wouldn't you know it, Sayu dropped by yesterday! We even ended up chatting about you.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* So much has happened while you've been away. There's so much you need to catch up on!

Unknown Role (None): But that's more than enough about me! I didn't even say a proper hello... or ask what you're doing out here.

Unknown Role (None): It's been a while, Yoimiya.

Unknown Role (None): Sure has! And what a coincidence to run into you here, luck must be on my side. Is there anything special going on here today?

Unknown Role (None): You could say so.

Unknown Role (None): #Ooh, mysterious! Spill the beans, what brings the great Traveler to a place like this?

Unknown Role (None): I'm on a quest to take pictures of lovely scenery, and I bumped into you on the way.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, pictures of Amakane Island? I like it here too! I especially love coming here to test my fireworks whenever I've got the time.

Unknown Role (None): I'm on a quest to find the lovely Yoimiya, and I'm taking some pictures along the way.

Unknown Role (None): Aww, really? You're making me blush! Come on, let's take some pictures together!

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, wait, I've got an idea! I just so happen to have brought some new fireworks with me.

Unknown Role (None): Once you've got the Kamera ready, we can set these off. That way, it'll make for an even more momentous memento!

Unknown Role (None): And I can take a picture of you while we're here.

Unknown Role (None): Awesome! I bet a picture with fireworks going off in the background will be the best kind of picture there is.

Unknown Role (None): But lemme think... How should I pose for the picture?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with a fun pose.

Unknown Role (None): We should try a cool pose.

Unknown Role (None): I think a formal pose is best.

Unknown Role (None): Will this work?

Unknown Role (None): Perfect. I'll line up the Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): The fun pose might work better.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with the cool pose instead.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): How about we switch to the formal pose?

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it a bit more.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Let me know when you've decided.

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Something like this?

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Something like this?