(Quest is part of chapter: A Long Day in the Mountains: Chapter 1 Paradise)

# Missing title (738852263)

Kshama: Venipi! Dex! And Raumhilda and our new friends! Thank you all!

Zeitlind: ...I'm her younger sister Zeitlind.

Kshama: I see. The two of you look so much alike, and oh so pretty. My name is Kshama, and I come from... Ah, what was I going to say?

Kshama: I see. The two of you look so much alike, and oh so pretty. My name is Kshama, and I come from Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's era.

Kshama: The era in which the Dendro Archon had yet to become a child.

Black Screen Text: Venipi introduces Kshama, and Vitruvius's tragic circumstances are revealed...

Black Screen Text: They also speak of the epitaph he took thousands of years to come up with.

Kshama: That is beyond absurd.

Venipi: If I hadn't told you, you would never have known.

Kshama: Now that you have, it's going to be hard for me to look Vitruvius in the eye without laughing.

Venipi: Alright, enough small talk. We've come all this way, and it doesn't look like we've missed anything.

Venipi: Is there anyone else?

Kshama: I'm afraid not.

Venipi: Then how about how we can stop folks from turning into sand? Any ideas?

Kshama: We didn't manage to learn much from exploring earlier. After all, no one here at the Desert Pavilion is well-versed in the mystic arts or the sciences.

Kshama: So, it seems we're back to the only known method: defeating the Punisher of Gomorrah.

Venipi: #That you need not worry about. We have Traveler, who has the strength of a Remurian Tribune.

Zeitlind: Looks like someone's been promoted again.

Kshama: But there's no way to find the Punisher of Gomorrah. It has hidden its form.

Venipi: That is a problem, yes.

Paimon: You know, it wasn't easy getting everyone out. How about we leave this place first and get back to the main hall?

Paimon: Istoria and Josephus are there too. They seem rather knowledgeable, so maybe they know a way.

Kshama: Oh, Istoria's safe too? That's really good to know. He's the most experienced of us all, and is always open to learning new things.

Kshama: If we're talking about anecdotes, history, and culture, he's probably the most knowledgeable person in this world.

Venipi: Then let's go now. The earlier we get back, the earlier we can figure this out and save Vitruvius and the rest!