# Missing title (2511337927)

Unknown Role (None): Hey there, Honorary Knight. Who'd have thought our long-awaited reunion would be at this resort? Busy as ever, I assume?

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to take pictures of the resort.

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to relax and take pictures.

Unknown Role (None): Pictures? That's a vacation staple for sure.

Unknown Role (None): It took me ages to get to Natlan... and I still haven't had the chance to take a good look around. Once I finish my drink, I'll look for some picture-worthy spots.

Unknown Role (None): We can go together.

Unknown Role (None): Now that sounds like fun. I must say, this outdoor bar has exquisite taste in furniture. We might as well take a picture while we're here.

Unknown Role (None): It's spacious and comfortable, perfect for enjoying the scenery while sipping on a glass of wine...

Unknown Role (None): Come to think of it, the open-air furnishings at the Angel's Share are rather simple. Maybe we should have a word with the winery boss.

Unknown Role (None): A picture's worth a thousand words...

Unknown Role (None): Very true. Let's pick a good angle.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I'm a professional.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I trust your judgment. Let's do it.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and since I'm going to be your model, you can pick my pose.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with a fun pose.

Unknown Role (None): We should try a cool pose.

Unknown Role (None): I think a formal pose is best.

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Something like this?

Unknown Role (None): Perfect. I'll line up the Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready.

Unknown Role (None): The fun pose might work better.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go with the cool pose instead.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): How about we switch to the formal pose?

Unknown Role (None): Alright then.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it a bit more.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Let me know when you've decided.

Unknown Role (None): How's this?

Unknown Role (None): How's this?