(Quest is part of chapter: Chapter VII: Act II Wraith's Nocturne)

# Wraith's Nocturne

You believed that you had solved the problem, yet the deaths continue occurring. What details have you missed? What key events have you not noticed? You continu endeavoring to leave the theater alive...


## Talk 1

(Check your environment)

Traveler: (...What time is it? Is it morning? I think I had a nightmare...)
Traveler: (I guess everyone's still asleep? These past two days have been exhausting. Valeriy's keeping watch, though, so he's probably the only one awake...)
Traveler: (Valeriy...?)

## Objective 2

(Check on Valeriy)


## Talk 3 (alternative/additional)

(Check on Valeriy)

Mitya: Just like the last two nights... No clear cause of death.
Mitya: I've been a real thorn in your side, haven't I, Mr. Valeriy. Now you can rest in peace.
Mitya: But for me... Life will be all the duller for not having to run away from you, my friend.
Odette: How's Tonia? Is she okay?
Vodyanitsa: I just checked on her, and it doesn't seem like anything serious. She's just exhausted from the past couple of days, and she's still recovering from her illness. We should let her sleep a bit longer.
Odette: That means Valeriy was the only one who died last night.
Alyosha: If Valeriy was awake and keeping watch, it would have been impossible to kill him without waking everyone else up. That much is certain.
Vodyanitsa: This is so frustrating! Why has nothing changed since yesterday? I thought we already dealt with the dead person causing all this!
Mitya: Actually, one thing has changed. There's only one victim this time, not two. Does that mean...

Narrator: He looks as calm and composed as ever. Even now, it seems as if there is no burden he couldn't shoulder.
Narrator: Yet around him, time seems to stand still. As if the gods, in their mercy, finally granted him a moment of respite.
Traveler: Wake up... Everyone needs to wake up.

## Talk 3

(Check on Valeriy)

Traveler: The number of people who die each night is equivalent to the number of dead among us. That's your theory, right?
Mitya: Exactly. We identified Mr. Shram, and the night after he left, the death toll dropped from two to one.
Mitya: By that logic... there must be one more dead person left among us.
Vodyanitsa: Another one? But there was only one person unaccounted for in the ticket checks, right? The head count should match up now...
Mitya: Having an extra person was definitely a cause for alarm, but being one person short isn't nearly as unusual. Someone could have left in the middle of the show, or made it out before the storm hit...
Traveler: (One more dead person among us... If Mitya's theory is right, then what Odette told me seems a lot more relevant...)
Traveler: (It's just, at the time, we had no reason to think there was more than one dead person.)
Traveler: (*sigh*... If only we'd taken it more seriously as a possibility... Maybe this could have been avoided...)
Odette: I'm sorry, this is my fault. I had information that could have been helpful, but I held back. I should have brought it up right away.
Traveler: I'm partly to blame as well. I was too quick to dismiss Odette's concerns...
Vodyanitsa: What is this about? ...What have you two been getting up to behind my back?
Mitya: Sounds like there's some big news you've been keeping from the rest of us. Well, we're all ears.
Black Screen Text: Odette tells the group about finding Mitya dead, and your discussion yesterday.
Mitya: I... I'm the dead person...?
Mitya: Uh, wow... That's certainly news to me...
Traveler: Odette and I talked about it yesterday, but we thought it just wasn't possible, so we left it at that.
Mitya: Yeah, I don't blame you. If I'd been there, I probably would have reached the same conclusion... It just sounds too unbelievable.
Mitya: Let me just try and verify this. I just scoured my memories, trying to think back to the afternoon Miss Odette mentioned...
Mitya: But I honestly have no recollection of dying. That's where I'm different than Mr. Shram.
Vodyanitsa: Hmm... Having seen Mr. Mitya a few days ago myself, I also find it hard to believe he could be the other dead person among us.
Alyosha: Well, if it isn't Mitya, then who? Do we vote on it?
Mitya: #If you don't mind me asking, Traveler... I believe you mentioned that you know Tonia's brother? Had you ever met her before all this?
Traveler: No, never. Wait, are you saying...
Chugunov: Now just one minute! I know where this is going. You can't just randomly point a finger at anyone you want...
Chugunov: You're in the hot seat, and all of a sudden you want to divert our suspicions onto somebody else?
Mitya: Trying to pick a fight, Mr. Chugunov? Whenever you open your mouth, all you do is attack people, and I've had enough of it. If you don't want to engage in a civil discussion, you can shut up.
Chugunov: You... little... brat!
Traveler: (Did Mitya ask about Tonia because he suspects her?)
Traveler: (I suppose I only identified her by her age, and nothing else. Could that mean...)
Chugunov: I—I'm just saying, you're going around casting suspicion on people for no reason. How could Tonia be dead?
Chugunov: I can vouch for her, if nothing else. I've seen her before. She's the sister of that... that Harbinger, isn't she? The one called "Childe."
Mitya: Oh, really? You're telling the truth?
Traveler: (Since being here, I don't think I ever mentioned she was Childe's sister specifically... Does Chugunov actually know her?)
Mitya: If Chugunov can vouch for her, then it can't be Tonia either. In which case, it seems unlikely that there's another dead person among us at all...
Mitya: ...
Mitya: Miss Odette, could you go over that afternoon with me one more time? When you found me "dead"...
Odette: No problem.
Mitya: Huh... No matter how hard I try, I just can't remember anything about dying. But I do remember something else...
Mitya: Miss Vodyanitsa, during our last meal together, I told you how some of the researchers were suffering from temporary memory loss. Do you remember that?
Vodyanitsa: Oh, yeah. You said it was hindering the progress of your experiments? You thought they were just under too much stress or something.
Mitya: Right. And even though I don't remember "dying" that day, I'm pretty sure I experienced something like amnesia...
Mitya: Some of my memories from that afternoon... are missing.
Odette: Are you suggesting you're missing the memory of your...
Mitya: Of course, how am I only just realizing this... Humans aren't necessarily aware of their own death.
Odette: You mean, being silently assassinated? Or dying in your sleep? Situations like that?
Mitya: The researchers' amnesia... suddenly it all makes sense...
Mitya: I must thank you, Odette. I think your perspective just helped me reach a breakthrough on a series of issues that have been troubling me for quite some time.
Mitya: Alright, it's decided then. I'll be the one to leave today.
Vodyanitsa: Leave? Hey, hey, wait a minute, aren't you rushing into this? What if you're wrong? You'll pay with your life!
Chugunov: Come on, kid... Aren't you going to fight for your life? This seems like a rash decision...
Mitya: I have other reasons, beyond what's been discussed. In fact... thinking back...
Mitya: I remember during Miss Odette's performance, while I was sitting in the audience stalls, a brilliant new idea for my research popped into my mind. But then, my train of thought suddenly cut off.
Mitya: I can't remember it now at all, and I didn't take any notes... I guess that must be another instance of temporary amnesia.
Vodyanitsa: No, no, hold on, I see where you're going with this. You're suggesting that each instance of temporary amnesia is a death, right?
Vodyanitsa: There's a glaringly obvious flaw in that idea, no? How can one person die so many times?
Mitya: I believe Miss Odette's account. During the period where my memory is blank, I must have been either dead or in a similar state.
Mitya: All it would take is for the same thing to happen in the theater, and I would come under the effect of the Ley Lines in this vicinity. This increases the likelihood of me being the deceased, does it not?
Vodyanitsa: I... But...
Mitya: There's no evidence to suggest that anyone other than me is a candidate for the deceased. So allow me, as a scientist, to treat this as an experiment.
Mitya: Please relax, everyone. I don't think things are as bad as they may seem. If I really am the deceased, then to leave the theater will be a relief for me.
Mitya: If, on the other hand, I'm still alive right now — well, apparently you've all witnessed my resurrection recently anyway. Who's to say I won't return from the dead again this time?
Traveler: (Mitya's right. This is the only thing we can try right now... I think he's deliberately downplaying the gravity of the situation, though. He probably doesn't want to burden everyone.)
Mitya: What is a scientist, if not someone who gambles on experiment after experiment in an attempt to obtain the truth?
Mitya: With this snowstorm, the ley line phenomenon, ghosts of the dead, and my "amnesia," we've been paralyzed by not knowing, and powerless to do anything about it. It's a terrible feeling.
Mitya: But if I do get resurrected, you can be sure that I'll come back with the truth of all this. Just you wait.
Black Screen Text: As night falls, the theater is filled with a heavy silence. More than half of the group is gone since the first night here...

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Vodyanitsa)

Chugunov: That Valeriy guy was packing even more muscle than I thought. I can't believe how heavy he was... Hauling him over there nearly killed me.
Chugunov: Curse this confounded snowstorm! Go bother some other poor souls instead!
Chugunov: ...What do you want? I'm not in the mood to talk right now.

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Vodyanitsa)

Alyosha: What's on your mind, Odette? You haven't said a word.
Odette: I was thinking about Mitya. If he'd been unwilling to sacrifice himself by walking out into the snowstorm... That would have made more sense to me.
Odette: After all, it seems like the dead don't perceive things any differently from the living. Mitya doesn't even remember dying.
Odette: So, to hear the news that you're apparently dead, and simply choose to walk out that door without a second thought... I can't imagine all the things that must have been going through his head.
Odette: But when Mitya left, his expression revealed absolutely nothing. Perhaps he is even better at disguising himself than I am.

## Talk 7

(Talk to Vodyanitsa)

Tonia: Poor Mr. Mitya... I didn't even get to see him one last time...
Vodyanitsa: Maybe it's a good thing that you weren't there to see it. It was a hard thing to watch.
Tonia: I hate goodbyes. Why does it feel like everyone around me is slowly disappearing? Not just in here, I mean. In the outside world, too...
Vodyanitsa: Maybe it's the realization that, at the end of life, everyone has to face it alone.
Vodyanitsa: Come to think of it... The main reason we're still alive right now is pure luck. Each morning here, for every one of us, there's the chance that we might not wake up.
Vodyanitsa: You could take it a step further and say that the same is true outside, too... Who can ever be 100% sure when they drift off to sleep that they'll open their eyes again in the morning?
Vodyanitsa: If I make it out of here, I'm going to cherish every moment that I'm awake... and live without any regrets.
Traveler: (Without regrets... hmm...)
Traveler: (I feel like a strange sense of anxiety has been quietly growing inside me over the last two days...)
Tonia: Are you okay? You look really glum...
Vodyanitsa: If something's bugging you, let's talk about it. There's only a few of us left here now. After everything we've been though, what's the point in keeping things bottled up?
Traveler: I have a travel companion named Paimon. Alyosha and Odette have met her before. She's been feeling unwell recently.
Vodyanitsa: You're worried about her, aren't you? That makes sense. We've been trapped in here for days.
Traveler: To be honest, I used to feel like I was just a spectator in this world, watching everything that happens from the sidelines. Maybe it's because I'm a "Descender."
Tonia: ...A "Descender"?
Traveler: But with Paimon by my side, over time, I slowly felt my connection to this world growing stronger.
Traveler: She loves eating, sleeping, and having fun, but she's also a great guide. It's her authenticity that makes this whole world feel more real for me.
Traveler: Over the last few days that we've been apart, I've often caught myself wondering... What would Paimon say if she were here right now?
Traveler: But by the time I snap out of it, the conversation has already moved on, and I'm still in my own little world.
Traveler: I'm trying to overcome this sense of detachment, but... I really miss Paimon. I guess, in a way... she means the whole world to me.
Tonia: I bet she misses you when you're not there as well. Maybe you're her entire world, too.
Vodyanitsa: I don't know if this will make you feel any better, but back when the Water Imps left Snezhnograd in droves, I also felt like the whole world was suddenly empty.
Vodyanitsa: I could be surrounded by people all smiling and having fun, and still feel completely separate from it. So I totally understand how you feel.
Vodyanitsa: Later on I started to think... maybe accepting the fact that our loved ones won't always be with us... is something that takes a lifetime.
Vodyanitsa: All we can do is cherish their companionship from moment to moment.
Vodyanitsa: So, once we get out of here, you better hurry back to her side as fast as you can! You can't let your story end in regret — that's the trope I hate the most!
Traveler: Thank you. That's exactly what I needed to hear.
Tonia: But, Vodyanitsa... If you hate goodbyes too, why didn't you leave with your people?
Vodyanitsa: That's just the choice I made. I used to regret it, but I don't anymore.
Vodyanitsa: Like I said before, singing is a Water Imp's primary mode of expression. It's how we convey our emotions.
Vodyanitsa: Our songs have echoed through this theater for hundreds of years, each one a story pieced together through moments of joy and sorrow.
Vodyanitsa: But does a story exist without someone to read it? To me, the answer is no.
Vodyanitsa: So I made the choice to stay. That way, there would still be someone left to sing these songs, and listen to their stories. Otherwise, they could have been lost forever.
Tonia: Could you teach me how to understand your people's songs sometime? I wanna be able to truly hear them, like Mr. Shram.
Vodyanitsa: Hahaha... A fan after my own heart! Thank you, Tonia. How about I sing something for you, and you tell me what you hear?
Tonia: Okay! I'll do my best!
Vodyanitsa: ♪... ♪...
Tonia: I've never heard that one before... I feel like I can hear a sense of... longing somehow. I wonder why that is...
Vodyanitsa: Color me impressed, Tonia! You're a keen listener!
Vodyanitsa: Most people can only tell if a song is happy or sad... I didn't think you'd be able to pick up on such specific details.
Tonia: Hehe... So, what's the song about then? C'mon, tell me!
Vodyanitsa: I've actually never performed this song in the theater before, because it has more of a ceremonial purpose for our people. It's not meant for the stage.
Vodyanitsa: It means something like... "May those we have lost watch over us and follow this song back home in the night, so that we might be reunited once more."

Option 1:

> Traveler: So it's kind of like a requiem?

Option 2:

> Traveler: A call to be reunited with our loved ones in our dreams.

Tonia: No wonder I could hear that sense of longing. You sing it for loved ones who have passed away... I hope it reaches them.
Vodyanitsa: It's getting late, Tonia, and you're not well. We should all turn in early. I suppose... there's no reason to keep watch tonight.
Tonia: Okay. But, um, before I go to bed... Could you sing that song a couple more times for me, Vodyanitsa?
Vodyanitsa: Of course! Anything for my number one fan!
Vodyanitsa: ♪... ♪...
Traveler: (Once I get out of here, I definitely don't plan on ever coming back.)
Traveler: (But I guess that means I'll never get to hear Vodyanitsa sing again... That's a sad thought.)
Traveler: (Before I fall asleep, I should cherish this moment of companionship while it lasts.)

## Talk 8

(Find a way to ascertain the situation)

Traveler: (Where... am I?)
Traveler: (It's so dark in here, and I feel kind of dizzy... Am I alone?)
Traveler: (Huh? What was that noise...!?)
Vodyanitsa: Return, O spirits, fulfill your oath of protection...
Traveler: *cough*... *panting*...
Traveler: I—I'm alive? What just happened...
Vodyanitsa: No time for questions! Quick, over here. Turn on the switch. We need to bring back the light!
Vodyanitsa: Alright, we're safe. That spirit just now is called "Night Prayer." The light subdues her, but she'll attack without a second thought in the dark.
Traveler: Is... Is she a ghost?
Vodyanitsa: Umm, sort of. I know it's hard, but you can't let this place go dark, or she'll kill you again.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Did I really just die?

Option 2:

> Traveler: She really just killed me?

Vodyanitsa: Yup. Luckily, I was here to resurrect you, otherwise that'd have been a real bummer.
Traveler: A bit more than a bummer, I'd say... Wait so, you have the ability to resurrect people?
Vodyanitsa: Sure I do! I'm your guardian spirit, after all.
Vodyanitsa: I specialize in "soul recall." Oh, it's nice to meet you, by the way.
Traveler: Thanks... It's nice to meet you too.
Vodyanitsa: Alright, there's no time to waste. The black mist is already catching up. We need to avoid it and Night Prayer at all costs. C'mon, let's go.

## Objective 12

(Flee the "black mist" and beware of attacks from "Night Prayer")


## Talk 13

(Flee the "black mist")

Vodyanitsa: It's too dark. We're not gonna make it! C'mon, faster!
Vodyanitsa: #Traveler!
Vodyanitsa: I won't let you die like this. Not on my watch!
Traveler: *panting*...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Even though it's not permanent...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Dying is definitely not a pleasant experience.

Vodyanitsa: Great, you're back.
Traveler: Yeah, thanks to you.
Vodyanitsa: Time for you to get out of here. Quick, before the light runs out.
Traveler: What about you? You're not coming with me?
Vodyanitsa: I can't. I've already been "used up".

Option 1:

> Traveler: "Used up"?

Option 2:

> Traveler: What does that mean?

Vodyanitsa: A guardian spirit's skills are finite. I can only resurrect someone so many times.
Vodyanitsa: I might not look any different, but my essence has been exhausted. Now, I will slowly start to fade away.
Vodyanitsa: I can go no further. The black mist is where I belong. It's okay.
Traveler: Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Vodyanitsa: Because it wouldn't have changed anything. That knowledge would have just burdened you... And a guardian spirit's role is to protect.
Traveler: But...
Vodyanitsa: Go. Now, before it's too late. I already hear Night Prayer approaching.
Traveler: ...

## Talk 14 (alternative/additional)

(Check your environment)

Tonia: *sobbing*... Vodyanitsa! How could this happen? Vodyanitsa!
Chugunov: ...
Alyosha: Well, I guess there's no need to inspect the body.
Narrator: You're beginning to grow numb to the tragic deaths that await each morning...
Narrator: Before long, the lament of countless Water Imps seems to resound around the theater, full of deep affection and sorrow for Vodyanitsa.
Narrator: Your emotions begin to respond in kind, leaving a heavy feeling in your chest.
Odette: This wasn't supposed to happen... You lied to us, didn't you, Chugunov? You've been lying from the start...
Chugunov: I...
Chugunov: Take a long, hard look at yourself before you go around accusing other people!
Chugunov: I suspected you on day one, Lelek, and now look where we are! By some strange coincidence, you've never been targeted? You just happen to have survived this long? No, you should be the prime suspect!
Chugunov: And you, little hunter. Ever so content with staying on the sidelines. Yet, you were the one who stopped us from leaving from the start! Why are you trying to keep us here?
Alyosha: Now, you're just lashing out indiscriminately. That's either a sign of anxiety or a guilty conscience.
Alyosha: Where was all this passion and bravado before? Decided to fight until the bitter end, is that it?
Chugunov: Is that a threat? Fine, bring it on! You think I'm afraid to die after all this? You want to kill me? Go ahead. I'd like to see you try!
Traveler: (After all the trauma of the past few days, everyone's been pushed to the breaking point...)
Traveler: (Valeriy and Mitya aren't here anymore. Someone else needs to step up and take charge...)
Traveler: (But first, I need to think this through. Considering everyone left, who's the most likely candidate for the "deceased"?)
Traveler: Identify Tonia
Traveler: Tonia, how's Teucer been lately?
Tonia: ...Teucer?
Traveler: #Your brother, Ajax, must have mentioned me in his letters home, right? Did he say anything about a "blond Traveler"?
Tonia: N—No... And my brother's name is Razyk, not Ajax.
Chugunov: Tch...
Traveler: Chugunov, looks like it's your turn to do some explaining... Yesterday, you said you could vouch for Tonia. Why did you give us a false testimony?
Odette: I knew you were behind this, Chugunov. You've been lying through your teeth from the start.
Odette: Everything about you is fake, down to the wife and daughter you're always talking about. Your entire "family man" persona is a charade, isn't it?
Odette: That night, when I infiltrated your place as Lelek, I noticed you were home alone. Didn't think much of it at the time — just thought everyone else was out...
Odette: But thinking back on it now, that doesn't seem very likely. My guess is... You live alone, don't you?
Traveler: (Even that was a lie? But why would he lie about having a family?)
Chugunov: ...
Chugunov: Curses... Gah, why is there no end to this blasted snowstorm!? If it would just stop... If it would just stop...
Tonia: I... I think I remember now. I know how I ended up here. It feels like a distant memory... but at the same time, it's like it was just yesterday...
Tonia: The reason I'm always coughing is because I got sick with Frostblight. The locals usually call it the snow cough.
Tonia: It's not a very common illness. It's partly genetic and partly caused by the cold climate, but it can be fatal. They sent me to the hospital as soon as they found out I had it, and I spent so, so long lying there in that hospital bed...
Tonia: After a while, I felt myself growing weaker and weaker. Nothing seemed to be working anymore — neither the treatment that the doctors were giving me, nor the medicine my brother was brewing from Frostfairy Flower leaves.
Tonia: So one day, I told my brother that I wanted him to take me outside for once, so things could be like they used to just for one day. I wanted to meet loads of friends, experience new things...
Tonia: He agreed. He snuck me out of the hospital, and we escaped.
Tonia: We got to the theater, bought tickets, and went inside. Oh, it was all so exciting... I remember the show very clearly — it was amazing. But I found myself getting sleepier and sleepier...
Chugunov: Oh, Tonia...
Tonia: When I woke up, I couldn't find my brother anywhere, so I guessed he'd already left.
Tonia: But there's no way he'd leave me behind. So I decided to stay here and wait for him... At the time, I figured he'd probably gone to brew some more medicine for me. I was planning to chew him out for abandoning me when he got back...
Odette: Tonia... It sounds like by then, you'd... already...
Tonia: Yeah, I know. I understand now — I'm... dead, aren't I? This cough, and the feeling weak, it's probably just my body's memory.
Tonia: After all that, it turns out I can't blame my brother after all. I was the one who abandoned him...
Tonia: I'm sorry, everyone. I've realized this much too late. It seems like death skewed my perception... and now I've dragged you all into this mess.
Traveler: Your name probably isn't even "Tonia," is it? Didn't that ever strike you as odd over the last few days?
Tonia ("Tonia"): Well, when I was little, my brother and I read a storybook, and Tonia is the name of one of the characters.
Tonia ("Tonia"): When we escaped from the hospital, our family and the hospital security were looking everywhere for us.
Tonia ("Tonia"): So when you first approached me and said my brother had sent you, and called me "Tonia"...
Tonia ("Tonia"): I thought he must have chosen a fake name that only the two of us would know, because he was afraid of getting caught... Now, it seems like that was just wishful thinking.
Odette: At least your memory of death isn't painful... That is a small comfort.
Odette: Now it's your turn, Chugunov. Talk to us. I believe no lie is ever told without a reason.
Chugunov: I... You're right, I was lying. I happened to know that the Harbinger "Childe" and his sister Tonia managed to get tickets, so I lied to you and pretended I knew them.
Chugunov: And yes... I was lying about my family, too.
Chugunov: The truth of the matter is... I lost them... a long time ago. I just refused to accept reality. And now I've spent the second half of my life living a lie... I'm a joke.
Chugunov: My daughter's name was Iskra. And before you ask, yes — "Iskra" as in "Iskra Manufacturing Plant."
Chugunov: She... she also died from the snow cough. She was just six years old. If she were still alive today, she'd be around the same age as little Tonia here...
Chugunov: After Iskra passed, my wife couldn't bear to face those memories either, so she chose to start a new life without me.
Chugunov: One day, when I came home from work and saw the empty room, I felt like... like I couldn't breathe. Subconsciously, I started to imagine that they were still there.
Chugunov: I soon discovered that this was the only thing that made me feel any better, so I... I just embraced the delusion.
Alyosha: Nothing more than a pathetic means of escapism, I know. But at least it's not a crime.
Alyosha: So explain your "false testimony" then.
Chugunov: The night before last, when I was chatting with Tonia, she mentioned that her brother would brew medicine for her from Frostfairy Flower leaves.
Chugunov: Combined with her various symptoms... I suddenly understood everything, including the fact that she was deceased.
Chugunov: The snow cough used to be an incurable illness. I would pick Frostfairy Flower leaves to brew medicine for Iskra, too. It took hours and hours on the stove...
Chugunov: But the year after my daughter passed away, The Jester of the Fatui announced that a cure for Frostblight, also known as the snow cough, had finally been developed...
Chugunov: ...It turned out that all previous treatments were completely ineffective, no better than random concoctions.
Chugunov: That was the final straw for me... I just couldn't take it anymore. Just one more year... one more year, and everything would have been okay!
Chugunov: So more than anyone, I know full well that, in this day and age, no one in their right mind would still be using Frostflower leaves to brew medicine for the snow cough...
Chugunov: Poor Miss Tonia, therefore, had to have been from an era when snow cough was still a terminal illness.
Odette: So, you projected your daughter onto her? Even though you knew she was one of the dead?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Even though you knew...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...That protecting her could get you killed?

Alyosha: That doesn't make any sense. You knew she was already dead. What did you hope to achieve by protecting her?
Chugunov: I just... don't believe in your crackpot theories. Nor do I approve of your actions.
Chugunov: How can you just declare a living person dead and throw them out into that snowstorm?
Chugunov: Mitya's gone, my good buddy Shram's gone... and now it's "Tonia's" turn, isn't it?
Chugunov: The others I can make my peace with, but little miss "Tonia"... Here she is, standing right in front of us, alive and breathing, and fighting her own battles... yet you're quite happy to say she's dead...
Chugunov: I just want her to live... Once this snowstorm is over, the very moment it stops, I'm going to march out that door and find someone who can fetch the very best medicine for her snow cough.
Chugunov: I'll be damned if I'm gonna let you cast her out into the snowstorm before I have the chance to cure her!
Chugunov: Not again, not this time! Not when the cure is right within our grasp! I'd never be able to forgive myself!
Tonia ("Tonia"): Mr. Chugunov, stop. I can't let you do this.
Chugunov: Tonia...?
Tonia ("Tonia"): By the sounds of it, you've known I was dead since the night before last, right?
Tonia ("Tonia"): I really liked Mr. Valeriy, Mr. Mitya, and Miss Vodyanitsa. And now they're all dead because of me.
Tonia ("Tonia"): I'm not happy about that. The reality is, you've been trying to fight your own demons through me, but all you've really done is trap me inside your delusion along with you.
Chugunov: No, listen to me, I want to save you! I do!
Tonia ("Tonia"): Well, at this point, I'm quite sure that I'm dead. I don't need to be saved. The time I got to spend with all of you is more than enough for me.
Tonia ("Tonia"): Despite all the bad things that kept happening, I got to meet so many interesting people and spend so many days and nights by your side.
Tonia ("Tonia"): Since the day I escaped that hospital until now, this has been an adventure I never even dared to dream of.
Tonia ("Tonia"): I'm very fond of you all. If it were only possible, I'd trade my soul to bring back the ones who died, if it meant things didn't have to end like this...
Tonia ("Tonia"): And that's why I'm not fond of you at all, Mr. Chugunov.
Chugunov: ...I'm sorry.
Tonia ("Tonia"): It's them that you owe an apology to, Sir. Not me.
Tonia ("Tonia"): Well then, I suppose this is it. It's time for my adventure to end. I've caused enough trouble.
Alyosha: You're leaving already? It's still early, don't you want to stay a little longer?
Tonia ("Tonia"): No, thank you. Oh, and by the way...
Tonia (Ptashka): My name is Ptashka. It was nice meeting you all.
Odette: Feels strange that we're only being properly introduced now that it's time to say goodbye...
Chugunov: Ptashka...
Alyosha: What are you doing, Chugunov? Are you crazy?
Chugunov: Let me leave. I... I can't keep lying to myself anymore...
Odette: In your dreams. Don't think you're getting off that easy when you had a hand in the deaths of so many people...
Odette: The Fatui have honed quite an array of enhanced interrogation techniques since they were founded. Once we're out of here, Lelek will personally give you a taste of every last one...

## Talk 14

(Check your environment)

Black Screen Text: The snowstorm continues, as if it will never stop. Nighttime soon falls once again...
Odette: I think we should leave. I doubt this snowstorm is ever going to stop... For all we know, this storm might have destroyed all of Snezhnaya by now — maybe even the whole world.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'm starting to feel the same way.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Maybe this is the heat death of the universe.

Alyosha: Wait... We finally solved the mystery of the haunted theater today. Maybe let's at least try to enjoy tonight?
Odette: Fair enough. I don't particularly feel like dying in Chugunov's company anyway.
Chugunov: And yet, you won't let me die first.
Odette: Hey, Chugunov, on a serious note — if we do make it out of here, you should close down that factory of yours. A lot of people are freezing thanks to you.
Chugunov: Is this really the time to be discussing my factory...
Chugunov: Alright, fine. I'll shut it down. It doesn't matter to me anymore.
Traveler (Knocking): (Knock, knock, knock...)
Traveler: !?
Odette: Am I hearing things? Or was that a knock at the door?
Traveler (Knocking): (Knock, knock, knock...)
Odette: There it is again... But I don't understand. The snowstorm hasn't stopped, has it?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Maybe the snowstorm has brought us some unwanted visitors...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Or perhaps it's the rescue team that Valeriy mentioned.

Alyosha: Should we open the door?
Traveler: (Is this it? Is this nightmare finally over?)
Traveler: (If the last few days are anything to go by, I probably shouldn't be getting my hopes up...)
Traveler: (Whatever lies beyond that door at this moment... It could be something even more terrifying than everything we've been through so far...)

## Objective 15

(Open the door)


## Talk 16 (alternative/additional)

(Learn about the situation from Mitya)

Odette: ...How are you doing? Feeling any better?
Mitya: Much better, thanks. Whew, it's so good to have you guys here. I was a little worried that the theater would be empty by the time I got back.
Mitya: Let me see... Tonia and Vodyanitsa are missing, which means...
Mitya: Vodyanitsa died last night, and then you discovered that Tonia was the other dead person. Am I right?
Chugunov: Not Tonia. "Ptashka."
Alyosha: First, tell us how you made it back here. Given the conditions outside, no one should be able to return alive.
Mitya: *coughing*... You're right. The thing that got me back safely was... a song. I heard someone singing.
Mitya: After walking into the snowstorm, my mind grew hazy. I don't know how long I walked through the storm before my mind completely slipped away...
Mitya: Then, suddenly, I heard the sound of singing. The voice instantly brought me back to my senses, and I regained consciousness.
Mitya: So I followed the voice, searching for the source of the singing. I searched and searched until finally, just a few moments ago... There was the entrance to the theater, right in front of me.
Traveler: The singing...
Vodyanitsa: I've actually never performed this song in the theater before, because it has more of a ceremonial purpose for our people. It's not meant for the stage.
Vodyanitsa: It means something like... "May those we have lost watch over us and follow this song back home in the night, so that we might be reunited once more."
Traveler: That must have been Vodyanitsa's requiem... Who knew it actually worked.
Odette: That song is meant to guide the souls of the dead... Mitya, that must mean that you...
Mitya: No kidding... Seems like I guessed right, then. This is what I've been so desperate to tell you about.
Mitya: When I first stepped out of the theater, I was still quite lucid. My memory of it is still pretty intact...
Mitya: I remember the outside world being completely different than what I'd expected. It was like... this was a world where only the snowstorm existed. There wasn't a trace of any humans or buildings ever having been there.
Mitya: I don't know how else to describe it, except to say that... it just didn't seem like the real world.
Mitya: And as for the "requiem"... If I was guided here by Vodyanitsa's song, it can only mean that I must already be dead, and this is my soul, not my body.
Mitya: But I didn't experience a clear moment of "death" while I was out there. Nor do I feel any different now than before I walked into the snowstorm.
Odette: You don't seem any different to me, either. In fact, this is something I've been wondering about for a while now... if souls aren't physical, shouldn't they lack tangible form?
Odette: Both Shram and Ptashka were clearly deceased, and yet their "souls" didn't look or feel like ghosts at all. They were visible, tangible... No different than you or me.
Traveler: (This raises a truly terrible thought... Is that really what Mitya is suggesting?)

Traveler: ...
Mitya: Hey, everyone... I'm back.

## Talk 16

(Learn about the situation from Mitya)

Traveler: Mitya, are you trying to say that... everyone in the theater has been dead from the start?
Mitya: Yes. I think that... this is probably the afterlife.
Chugunov: What did you say?
Mitya: You heard me. We died in the theater — all of us did. But due to an obstruction in the theater's Ley Lines, our souls are trapped here, while an endless, infinite snowstorm rages outside.
Mitya: It's ironic, really. All that time, we were working so hard to figure out who the deceased among us were... when the truth was, we all were deceased. The only difference being, some of us died more recently than others.
Mitya: Do you remember that note? "Death is near"... Seems like we misunderstood what it meant after all.
Mitya: Death was nearer than we wanted to think all along. The note simply meant that all of us were already dead.
Odette: So all our attempts to survive, our search for the deceased... it was all for nothing?
Mitya: Hard to say. At the very least, we helped two lost souls find clarity and go to where they belong.
Mitya: The presence of those two is probably what caused our souls to be drawn in by the Ley Lines. In which case, the "deaths" we've awoken to over the past few days were just souls returning to the Ley Lines for good.
Chugunov: If what you're saying is true, doesn't that make us the "lost souls" now?
Chugunov: No wonder... This afternoon, when I was moving Vodyanitsa's body, I noticed that the other bodies in the room hadn't decayed one bit after all these days.
Mitya: That's further proof that those aren't physical "bodies" at all, but merely our shells here in the afterlife.
Traveler: (Am I... really dead? This doesn't feel real to me at all...)
Traveler: (No, that's impossible. This cannot be how it all ends.)
Odette: I still find it hard to believe that all of us are dead. How exactly did we die in the real world? None of us have any memories of dying, right?
Chugunov: Tch... Not even knowing how we died is preposterous. Good grief... Surely there has to be some reason?
Mitya: Exactly, it's hard to rest in peace when you don't even know how you died... It gave me lots to think about as I strode out into the snowstorm.
Mitya: I racked my brains, trying to remember the cause of my death, the exact moment I died, the root of all this, right up until my consciousness faded...
Mitya: Wait... Hold on, right before I lost consciousness... I think I saw something...
Traveler: What was it?
Mitya: I can't remember... Ugh, and I think I lost my notebook and pen...
Odette: Mitya, your hand... is that blood on your fingers?
Mitya: Huh? You're right, there's blood on the fingertips of my right hand... looks like it's already dried. When did that happen?
Mitya: What the...!?
Traveler: ...!?
Mitya: I guess... this was what I saw? I must have desperately drawn it in my own blood right before losing consciousness...
Mitya: #What's wrong? Do you recognize this symbol, Traveler?
Traveler: It's... Ronova. The "Ruler of Death".
Odette (Everyone): ...
Odette (Everyone): ...
Odette (Crowd): ...
Traveler: Alyosha, do you still remember that Snezhnayan folk tale you told me about?
Traveler: It was about the Grim Reaper. When someone's about to die, he appears as an incarnation of someone familiar to guide their soul into the afterlife.
Traveler: And as soon as you recognize his face, your life is over.
Mitya: I heard a similar tale when I was little. You think the Grim Reaper in this story refers to the "Ruler of Death" you mentioned?
Traveler: That's right. In which case, "death is near"... could also mean that the "Grim Reaper" is here, disguised in a familiar form.
Mitya: Haha... "Death," "the deceased," and "the Grim Reaper." So it's a triple entendre?
Mitya: When I first saw this note, I thought it contradicted the investigation report. But now it seems like that was the whole intention.
Odette: So the Grim Reaper deliberately misled us... Then, we started suspecting each other and searched for the "deceased" while they hid in plain sight.
Traveler: (By that logic, the one person most likely to be the "Grim Reaper" incarnate is...)

## Talk 18 (alternative/additional)

(Learn about the situation from Mitya)

Traveler: Is it you, Alyosha? You were the first to discover the investigation report, and you had plenty of time to slip the note inside to mislead us.
Alyosha: So? Surely you can't suspect me based on that alone?
Alyosha: What if someone else found the investigation report first, slipped the note inside, and then put it back without telling anyone?
Mitya: There's no denying it. The note could easily have been slipped in much earlier than it was discovered...
Traveler: That's not all. I've also noticed that, although on the surface, Valeriy, Mitya, and sometimes I were the ones taking charge of the situation...
Traveler: Looking back now, even though you didn't say much, you were always subtly guiding everyone from the sidelines.
Alyosha: What do you mean?
Traveler: You were the one who emphasized how dangerous it was outside and insisted we all stay here. It was also you who suggested that we all sleep in the same place...
Traveler: And earlier today, you tried to convince Ptashka to stay... I don't understand why, but it was out of character...
Alyosha: So... you didn't understand my intentions, and now you're assuming the worst. Seems pretty unreasonable if you ask me.
Traveler: (He still won't admit it? Fine. Let's see how he responds to the most damning evidence of all...)
Mitya: The biggest question I have right now is... If the Grim Reaper is impersonating Alyosha, then where's the real Alyosha? When did they switch?

## Talk 18

(Learn about the situation from Mitya)

Traveler: When all this began, right after the performance ended and the snowstorm began to pick up, no one suspected anything unusual. We just assumed we were snowed in.
Traveler: It wasn't until we discovered the bodies the morning after that we realized something out of the ordinary was going on.
Traveler: But it's clear now that the oddities actually started earlier than that — when Dymov walked into the snowstorm and never came back.
Mitya: Right, so Mr. Dymov was the first victim, not Soboleva and Torgov...
Traveler: And if we pinpoint that moment as the beginning of this incident, then one thing becomes clear:
Traveler: ...Alyosha, you are the only person who walked into the snowstorm and came back without the help of Vodyanitsa's requiem.
Mitya: More precisely, Alyosha never came back at all. The one who came back... was the Grim Reaper.
Alyosha: ...
Ronova (Alyosha?): Not bad. Well, since you've backed me into a corner, I suppose there's no point in keeping up the act anymore.
Odette: Alyosha...?
Mitya: You're the "Grim Reaper"?
Alyosha (Ronova): I am no such tired cliche. Mortals should address me as the "Ruler of Death."
Alyosha (Ronova): Before being wiped out for good, you identified the two deceased and even sensed my presence... A commendable achievement. Far beyond what I expected.
Mitya: I heard you can ferry souls. Those deaths each night — were they your doing?
Alyosha (Ronova): Your initial conclusion was correct. Due to the existence of the two deceased, the Ley Lines yearned to reclaim those long-lost souls...
Alyosha (Ronova): Every night, they devoured an equal number of souls to fill the void. This required no intervention from me — though of course, ferrying souls is indeed my authority.
Alyosha (Ronova): Here, take a look.

Option 1:

> Traveler: O—Odette!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Mr. Chugunov!

Mitya: What are you doing!?
Alyosha (Ronova): That takes care of today's two...
Alyosha (Ronova): Don't get so worked up. You are already dead, and your souls must return to the Ley Lines.
Mitya: I know we're already dead. You murdered us, didn't you?
Alyosha (Ronova): "Murdered"? No, murder is when mortals usurp my authority. Death is my jurisdiction... If I require someone to die, I need not resort to such laborious methods as murder.
Alyosha (Ronova): You simply met the criteria to trigger my Curse of Death.
Traveler: (I know about the Curse of Immortality... So there's another death-related curse, too?)
Traveler: You cursed us? When? And why would you do such a thing?
Alyosha (Ronova): So often, humans pray to me, begging to know when their death will come, and what form it will take...
Alyosha (Ronova): But few people ask "why." If you must have an answer, know that death comes simply because one's time has come.
Mitya: So you're not going to tell us the truth?
Alyosha (Ronova): Hold your tongue. By all rights, you shouldn't even be allowed to speak with me.
Alyosha (Ronova): Those angels from the past are to blame for their reckless renovation of the Ley Lines here. It's made my work on this occasion infuriatingly complicated.
Mitya: "Work"? So trapping us here, making us watch our friends die... that's just another day at work for you?
Alyosha (Ronova): You clearly have a lot of questions. Fine — as a reward for your remarkable accomplishments over the past few days, I shall answer a few of your inquiries, provided they aren't too unreasonable.
Alyosha (Ronova): After the physical body dies, the soul must return to the Ley Lines for that person's "death" to be considered complete.
Alyosha (Ronova): My work encompasses the entire process of death — including, naturally, the guiding of souls into the Ley Lines, with which you are now so familiar.
Alyosha (Ronova): You must also be rather familiar with Natlan's Night Kingdom, I presume? It was I who supported the creation of the Night Kingdom. It provided a convenient means of guiding the souls of Natlan.
Alyosha (Ronova): Here, too, the Ley Lines connected to the theater underwent some modifications. The angels hoped to make them capable of accommodating the souls of some special creations...
Alyosha (Ronova): But this actually hindered their ability to accept ordinary souls to some degree.
Alyosha (Ronova): This effect manifested itself after you died from the curse in the theater, leaving you stranded in the afterlife, unable to achieve a complete death.
Alyosha (Ronova): But if souls who die from the Curse of Death fail to return to the Ley Lines within a short window of time, they will miss their chance for good...
Alyosha (Ronova): Then, they will remain forever suspended between life and death, no longer subject to the authorities of either.
Mitya: ...So if you don't resolve this matter soon and see all of our souls returned to the Ley Lines, before long, we'll escape your control...
Traveler: (Mitya is sharp. This must be what Ronova was worried might happen, and the reason she got involved to begin with.)
Traveler: But if you have the authority to guide souls, why didn't you just show yourself and get it over with? Why hide among us in the form of Alyosha?
Alyosha (Ronova): You seek to understand the mind of a god? ...Hmph, very well. I'll tell you.
Alyosha (Ronova): This is a theater, and I decided I wanted to watch a show about death. That's why I encouraged you to take the events to the stage.
Alyosha (Ronova): I found myself getting quite immersed. I suppose the entertainment you provided makes up for all the trouble you've caused me by being so defiant in the face of death. There, are you happy with my answer?
Mitya: Can't say I am.
Alyosha (Ronova): Really? But it fits the stereotypes you humans have about gods.
Mitya: Just moments ago, you were complaining about how infuriatingly complicated your work here has been.
Mitya: Work is work, I get it. There are times when it's a huge pain, but you just have to get it done, right?
Alyosha (Ronova): That's a rather unique perspective for a human... You are in fact correct. There is a pain point in this case.
Alyosha (Ronova): Due to the obstruction in the theater's Ley Lines, there is a hard limit on the number of souls they can receive each day, making it impossible for me to ferry all your souls at once.
Alyosha (Ronova): Revealing my identity too soon would inevitably have led to futile resistance, and there was a risk that any souls who chose to run would disappear.
Alyosha (Ronova): Then there was the issue of the two lost souls you called the "deceased." The way you resolved that quandary was all part of my design.
Traveler: That's what I don't understand. If all of us were souls of the dead, what made their presence among us special?
Alyosha (Ronova): For centuries, they have refused to return to the Ley Lines, exploiting the issues created by the angel civilization to resist being drawn in...
Alyosha (Ronova): Centuries of obsession accumulated during this process. You may think of this obsession as the resentment of the dead, and in this quantity it was a bomb that could have detonated at any moment.
Alyosha (Ronova): It reached the point where I could not afford to leave it unchecked. But the only way to fix it was to help them acknowledge their own deaths, make peace with their regrets, and willingly walk into the snowstorm...
Alyosha (Ronova): Only then, with my guidance, could they finally return to the Ley Lines. Otherwise... you would not like to know what the consequences would have been.
Traveler: I vaguely remember seeing... Ptashka, but in the most terrifying form. Was that in a dream? Is that what would have become of her if she hadn't returned to the Ley Lines?
Alyosha (Ronova): I see your dreams brought you many revelations... So you see, death in fact grants wisdom to mortals. Souls connect to all things in the world and see the chain of cause and effect between them. It's nothing unusual.
Alyosha (Ronova): Anyway, giving psychological counseling to lost souls is not my strong suit...
Alyosha (Ronova): That is more of an angel's role. It was something I could not resolve directly using my authority, so I decided it was easier to leave the "bomb defusal" to you.
Alyosha (Ronova): Meanwhile, of course, their presence caused the souls of other members of your party to return to the Ley Lines each night... From where I stand, that was killing two birds with one stone.
Alyosha (Ronova): As both issues slowly resolved one another without me having to lift a finger, all I had to do was stay close by and keep the situation under control. Then use my authority to wrap things up at the end.
Alyosha (Ronova): And, of course, while I was at it... I thoroughly enjoyed watching this drama, dealing with death from a mortal perspective, play out on the stage.
Mitya: Sounds like you had it all figured out, "Grim Reaper."
Mitya: I just did the math. You said there's a hard limit to the number of souls the Ley Lines here can receive each day. It's two, isn't it?
Alyosha (Ronova): That much is obvious, even to a fool.
Traveler: (It's time to review this whole affair. If the Ley Lines can only take in two people per day... I need to go over the deaths from these past few days again.)

## Talk 19

(Recap what happened over the last few days)

Traveler: (That covers everything. It's all clear now.)
Mitya: #Your work isn't finished yet, is it? Traveler and I are still standing here, safe and sound.
Alyosha (Ronova): The Water Imp's song threw things off a little, but it is of no consequence.
Alyosha (Ronova): The Ley Lines have already anchored your soul, and the first ray of light tomorrow morning will take you back. I, meanwhile, need to review my attitude towards the Water Imp race...
Traveler: So the reunion in the night that Vodyanitsa mentioned... I suppose that was never meant to be a permanent reunion.
Alyosha (Ronova): #That just leaves you, Traveler. My power only allows me to temporarily separate your soul from your body. The Ley Lines of Teyvat would not accept you.
Alyosha (Ronova): And your soul is firmly anchored to your body by your will...
Alyosha (Ronova): For a Descender like you, who is not bound by Teyvat's rules, your death can only be brought about through the most violent of means... such as directly destroying either your body or soul.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But you haven't done that yet, have you?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Thanks for letting me know that at least I can still be saved.

Alyosha (Ronova): I have no interest in involving myself with Descenders — for now. Although, this may change if Asmoday remains missing, or you insist on interfering with our affairs.
Mitya: One last question, then... All our struggles and sacrifices here, they were meaningless from the very beginning, weren't they?
Alyosha (Ronova): Death abides no reason. Besides, what you call "sacrifice" is merely a concept created by humanity.
Alyosha (Ronova): To me, it is nothing more than a self-indulgent charade in the face of death. Mere mortals, fantasizing that their actions could reclaim something from my grasp... A truly laughable idea.

## Objective 20

(Exit the theater)


## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Narrator: He looks as calm and composed as ever. Even now, it seems as if there is no burden he couldn't shoulder.
Narrator: Yet around him, time seems to stand still. As if the gods, in their mercy, finally granted him a moment of respite.
[Missing Dialog 70089903]

### Free Talk 2

Traveler: ...
Mitya: Hey, everyone... I'm back.

### Free Talk 3

Traveler: Wake up... Everyone needs to wake up.