# Missing title (876317263)

Paimon: Odolf!

Odolf: #Hey, Paimon, and Traveler... Thanks again for your help. At least Winslow will stop harping on about moving the graves of those knights who fought the Abyss.

Paimon: Speaking of which, Paimon thought it was strange!

Paimon: Those winds were created by the Eye of the Storm, yet you told Winslow it was the ghosts of the Knights of Favonius...

Traveler: The "ghost" was none other than...

Traveler: None other than you, Odolf.

Paimon: Huh!? Are you sure? But he just took a sip of beer. Can ghosts drink beer?

Odolf: This "ghost," you see, is quite distinct from what you're referring to. Dear oh dear, I thought I had hidden it pretty well.

Paimon: ...Wait. Does that mean... There were never any ghosts to begin with, and this was all Odolf's tricks?

Odolf: Upon my word, the word "trick" has never been used with such remarkable precision.

Odolf: I adjusted the mechanism and added a lure that attracts elemental creatures. At first, I only meant to scare Winslow a little.

Odolf: If it'd just drawn in a few Anemo Slimes, they would have wandered off on their own after a few days... Then business in Snezhnaya came up, so I assumed the whole thing would blow over by the time I returned.

Traveler: Instead, it attracted an Eye of the Storm.

Odolf: Yeah... That made things far more complicated. I just didn't want him to move those graves. I never meant for him to end up like that.

Odolf: So... I thanked Barbatos for his divine intervention when you two arrived!

Paimon: Huh. But if we never came...

Odolf: Then I would try to drive the Eye of the Storm away myself, or tell the Knights of Favonius the truth...

Odolf: But if Winslow found out the truth... He'll probably explode. Maybe even smash the tombstones. That's just how he's been all these years...

Odolf: #You really helped me a lot, Traveler and Paimon. On behalf of the Knights of Favonius who gave their lives here fighting the Abyss, I thank you.

Paimon: Well... something feels a little weird, but judging by the results, we did something good.

Odolf: Hahaha. Yes. If there is anyone to blame, let it be me... "The only thing that can keep out all evils is an open heart and a clear conscience." ...In the end, I could not live up to that myself.

Odolf: Knowing better and actually doing better are two very different things, you know? But hey, I'm reflecting on it! If the Anemo Archon is watching... please, just let me off the hook this once!