(Quest is part of chapter: Chapter VII: Act I Everwinter Without Mercy)

# Great Deeds on the Tundra

After you successfully escape the Shadow Realm, you rest for a while at Rankova Zorya and decide to drive your train to Snezhnograd.


## Objective 1

(Board the train and head for Snezhnograd)


## Talk 2

(Board the train and head for Snezhnograd)

Missing text (0)

## Objective 3

(Board the train and head for Snezhnograd)


## Objective 4

(Go to Rankova Zorya)


## Objective 5

(Leave the train and enter Snezhnograd)


## Talk 6

(Chat with Alyosha)

Alyosha: Here we are. Welcome to Snezhnograd train station — the biggest transport hub in the nation.
Paimon: Wow, it's so majestic! Just flying from one side to the other would probably leave Paimon out of breath...
Alyosha: Heh, it's built for maximum efficiency. But yes, transferring trains here can be a little tiring.
Alyosha: In the future, you can use this train station to travel anywhere you want in Snezhnaya. For now, though, come with me. Let's get Paimon checked out.
Alyosha: This way. There's a lift car that goes straight to Zapolyarny.

## Objective 7

(Go to Snezhnograd)


## Objective 8

(Go to the elevator)


## Objective 9

(Ride the elevator)


## Objective 10

(Go to Zapolyarny)


## Talk 11

(Go to Zapolyarny)

Paimon: Wow, Snezhnograd is stunning... Seeing it with our own eyes makes all the trouble we went through to get here worth it.
Alyosha: I found it pretty stunning when I first came here, too. But I soon found out that stunningly beautiful means stunningly expensive... The prices here are crazy.
Alyosha: I'm just a small-time hunter, so Zolnyy is where I spend most of my time.
Alyosha: This way will take us to Podvorye Restaurant. They offer food and lodging there, so you can get settled in while I fetch the doctor.
Paimon: Um... is that gonna be stunningly expensive too...?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Don't you worry about that.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Keeping you warm and comfortable is all that matters.

Alyosha: Yeah... I mean, there are places to stay in Zolnyy, but I highly doubt they'd meet your standards.
Alyosha: Most of the stoves are out of Kristall, the windows are drafty... and at night, four-legged roommates come out to play, sharpening their claws on the roof beams and floorboards.
Paimon: Yep, no way. Not a chance Paimon's staying anywhere like that... Maybe we can split the cost of the room between us? Paimon still has some savings left.
Traveler: What happened to sponging off me? Come on, it's tradition.
Paimon: Hmph, fine then! It's your treat! Paimon will save her money for buying a nice little cake...
Paimon: ...Don't worry, you'll get some too.
Alyosha: I'm glad to see you've perked up.
Alyosha: If you find yourselves in the mood for some sightseeing later, there's a few places around here worth seeing.
Alyosha: This way leads to Zapolyarny Palace, which serves as the Tsaritsa's audience chamber and also her personal quarters.
Alyosha: The adjacent block is kind of a city in its own right. That's Glupov, the headquarters of the Fatui.
Alyosha: Inside, there's a munitions factory known as the "Armory Palace" producing a constant supply of all kinds of equipment for the Fatui. A lot of important research happens there, too.
Alyosha: And over there is the Snezhnograd Veche, where all the big shots meet regularly to make policy decisions.
Alyosha: These places are best admired from a distance. I'm sure I don't need to explain why.
Paimon: Yeah, they probably have super strict security. We're not looking for trouble right now.
Alyosha: The downtown area is near the center of Zapolyarny. That's where you'll find the restaurants, bookstores, and gift shops.
Alyosha: Another place of interest is the Northland Bank, which is over this way.
Alyosha: Oh, and I'm sure you'll want to make contact with the Adventurers' Guild at some point, right? That's right here.
Paimon: Ooh, speaking of adventuring, we use alchemy quite a lot. D'you know where we can find a Crafting Bench?
Alyosha: Um... No one practices alchemy in Snezhnograd, I'm afraid. Apparently, there's some historical reason for it.
Paimon: Oh. We'll just have to use the one on the train, then... *sigh* Kinda inconvenient. ...Wait, how come there's one on the train if that's Snezhnayan too?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Yeah, that's weird...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Maybe we can look into the "historical reasons" later.

Alyosha: Yeah, I dunno. Not my area of expertise. Still, I wouldn't say the absence of alchemy makes life here any less convenient.
Alyosha: Anyway — finally, there's Zolnyy in that direction. It's mostly residential buildings and factories, but there's a few shops too. Worth a look around if you're interested.
Alyosha: That's about it. You guys go ahead and get checked in while I track down my doctor friend.
Paimon: Sounds good. Thanks for all the recommendations. It'll be good to get out of the cold wind — Paimon's starting to feel another headache coming on.
Traveler: Let's get you inside.
Alyosha: Podvorye Restaurant is right this way.

## Talk 12

(Go to Podvorye Restaurant)

Black Screen Text: After checking in, you and Paimon arrive at your room.
Paimon: Looks like you get what you pay for, huh! Paimon likes this room a lot!
Traveler: Feeling better now?
Paimon: Yeah, much better now that we're out of the cold. Thanks for taking such good care of Paimon. Honestly, she feels kinda bad for throwing a wrench in the works...
Paimon: If this were anywhere else, we'd be out investigating and adventuring by now. But instead, we're stuck here waiting for a doctor.

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's okay. We aren't under any time pressure.

Option 2:

> Traveler: The sooner you recover, the sooner we can start exploring.

Paimon: ...You're right. No need to push ourselves too hard for no reason.
Paimon: A lot happened on our way into the city. Let's review what we've learned so far and try to figure out what to do next.
Paimon: Obviously, the million-Mora question is: "What is the Tsaritsa planning?" Everything else leads back to that.
Traveler: Yeah, that was our main goal in coming to Snezhnaya.
Paimon: Sure was. And so far, we've learned that in addition to the seven Gnoses, her plan also requires a ton of energy.
Paimon: But we won't get to see her anytime soon. Alyosha said that she went east to fight that big monster.
Paimon: It must be a pretty powerful one if it can blanket the whole of Snezhnaya in a snowstorm this awful.
Traveler: Mm-hmm. It's one of the threats we'll need to face, I think.
Paimon: ...To be honest, what we're really lacking right now is information. The kind of information that only the higher-ups in the government would know, not "word-on-the-street" type of info.
Paimon: Paimon can think of a few people who might be able to help us, but...
Traveler: They're all Fatui.
Paimon: Right. And when we left Nod-Krai, Sandrone specifically left a message reminding us which side we're on...
Paimon: So it's unlikely they'd tell us anything confidential about the Tsaritsa's grand plan.

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's still worth asking.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Maybe we can learn some non-confidential info.

Paimon: Yeah, fair point. Besides, that Glupov place is right nearby. We've got nothing to lose, so it'd be a waste not to go.
Paimon: There's gotta be someone there willing to talk to us, right? Maybe Arlecchino or Sandrone... Hmm, or possibly Tartaglia.
Paimon: But it's unlikely we could sweet-talk Arlecchino. Let alone Sandrone... she basically told us to stay in our lane already.
Traveler: Well, it's been a while since we last saw Tartaglia.
Paimon: Yeah, the last time was all the way back in Fontaine, right? Too bad we missed him in Nod-Krai. Apparently, he came to help out.
Alyosha: #Hello, is there a Traveler and Paimon in there?
Paimon: That's Alyosha! Come in!
Luneva: Hello, I'm Doctor Luneva. Alyosha mentioned that one of you is feeling a little under the weather?
Traveler: We'd be grateful if you could take a look at her.
Luneva: I see. So you're my patient today, yes? And you're a... fae, I presume?
Paimon: Good question... Paimon's not too sure either, but she's definitely not the same kind of fae as the ones we saw at the train station. ...Is that gonna be an issue?
Luneva: Not exactly, it's just... I'm used to treating human patients. Fae tend to be far more resilient than even the healthiest and most long-lived of humans.
Luneva: But don't worry, I do have some experience treating fae. I've even diagnosed plenty of cats and dogs in my time. Safe to say, I have a fairly eclectic range of expertise.
Paimon: It'll be fine! Paimon's basically the same as a human.
Paimon: Right? We're no different when it comes down to it, are we?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Our taste in food is a little different.
> Paimon: Hmph! That's just 'cause Paimon knows how to eat!

Option 2:

> Traveler: The biggest difference is probably your appetite...
> Paimon: More like you don't eat enough. The more talking you do, the more you need to eat.
> Traveler: (I'm not convinced by that logic...)

Luneva: Hehe. Now, please take a seat.
Luneva: Okay, vital signs are good, test results are all within normal ranges... I don't think it's anything serious. More than likely, you've just caught a cold.
Luneva: I can give you some medicine to tide you over, but as long as you rest properly for the next couple of days, you should feel better. Make sure to keep an eye on your temperature, though.
Luneva: If you find yourself with a persistent low-grade fever or if your symptoms don't improve, just contact me again.
Alyosha: Sounds like there's no cause for alarm.
Traveler: Yeah. Let's see how it goes over the next few days.
Paimon: Thank you, Doctor.
Luneva: You're very welcome. Just doing my job. I'll leave you in peace now — time to visit my next patients.
Alyosha: Take care.
Alyosha: You heard the doctor. Best you rest up here for a couple days. No sightseeing for the time being.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'll stick to the local area, then.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Don't you worry about that.

Paimon: Alright then, guess we've got no choice. Let's just treat it as a short vacation!
Alyosha: I have to get back to it. If you need anything else from the doctor or me, go to the Hunter Trade Station in Zolnyy. The boss there knows how to reach me.
Traveler: Thanks for everything.
Alyosha: Hey, no big deal. You saved my life in the Shadow Realm. This is the least I could do. See ya around.

## Talk 13

(Go to Glupov to see Childe)

Yuzhanin: Hold on. Please display your invitation letter or permit.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'm looking for someone.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Could you pass along the message?

Yuzhanin: Glupov does not accept meeting requests without a prior appointment. You'll have to apply per the advertised booking process and wait until your invitation letter is issued.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But we're old friends.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I know they'll want to see me.

Yuzhanin: ...Might I ask who you're hoping to visit?
Traveler: Harbinger "Childe," Tartaglia.
Yuzhanin: (Another one who thinks the rules don't apply to them... I don't understand why people think they can talk their way in here. You don't just show up and land a meeting with a Harbinger...)
Yuzhanin: (Ugh, but I have to go through the motions, for protocol's sake. Honestly, it's such a waste of time asking when I already know what the answer's gonna be.)
Yuzhanin: Wait a moment — I'll pass on your message. If Childe is unavailable, you'll have to go through the proper procedure.
Black Screen Text: After a slightly awkward wait outside Glupov with an unimpressed Fatui guard, there is still no sign of Tartaglia.
Yuzhanin: Lord Childe is a busy man. He's probably not in Glupov at present. If I were you, I'd cut your losses. No point waiting any longer.
Traveler: Guess I picked a bad time.
Yuzhanin: Even if you two are old friends as you claim, please understand that the Fatui Harbingers are often busy with their official duties. They tend not to stay at Glupov for extended periods.
Yuzhanin: Next time, stick to the rules. You'll make life easier for both of us... Hmm?
Yuzhanin: Greetings, Lady Marionette.
Traveler: Sandrone?
Marionette: #I'll take care of our guest here. It's his first time in Snezhnaya, so it's no surprise that he doesn't know the rules yet.
Marionette: I trust no choice words have been exchanged? No misunderstandings I should be aware of?
Yuzhanin: No, Lady Marionette. No incidents to report.
Yuzhanin: (Phew, that was a close call... Good thing I played it cool...)

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'm the one who showed up unannounced...

Option 2:

> Traveler: This gentleman has been very accommodating.

Marionette: Is that right? Good to know. Hmm... wait, where's Paimon?

Option 1:

> Traveler: She's a little under the weather.

Option 2:

> Traveler: She's recovering at Podvorye Restaurant.

Marionette: Under the weather? Huh, that's hard to imagine. She's always buzzing with energy...
Marionette: I take it she's still adapting to the climate? Happens to a lot of people. It's even colder here than in Nod-Krai. Has she seen a doctor? I can get you one if you need.

Option 1:

> Traveler: She's already seen a doctor. He said it's nothing serious.

Option 2:

> Traveler: She just needs to rest for a couple of days.

Marionette: Alright then. Well, let me know if you run into any other problems.
Traveler: Did you come out here specifically to see me?
Marionette: Why else? I was just about to sit down for some much-needed tea time when I heard that an old friend of Tartaglia's had shown up outside, no appointment, nothing.
Marionette: And, as obnoxious as it may be to show up uninvited at Glupov, I couldn't help but take pity on the poor soul who was waiting outside in vain. So, I had no choice but to abandon my freshly brewed, piping-hot tea and come to see this mystery guest for myself...
Traveler: You already guessed it was me, didn't you?
Marionette: Hmph. Well, I felt our time working together in Nod-Krai warranted some courtesy. I couldn't exactly let you freeze to death out here in the wind.
Marionette: Unfortunately, I can't invite you inside either. The rules of Glupov wouldn't allow it, and as a Harbinger, I have to lead by example.
Marionette: On the plus side, Snezhnograd actually has some class — unlike Nasha Town. Torchlight Books has a very nice selection of teas and cakes, so we can catch up there.
Marionette: Your treat, of course.
Traveler: What? Why?
Marionette: Because I already wasted one perfectly good cup of tea today. That's why.

## Talk 14

(Go with Sandrone to Torchlight Books)

Marionette: I've ordered for the both of us. No objections, I assume? I'm sure you trust my taste.

Option 1:

> Traveler: No problem...

Option 2:

> Traveler: (Though I'm sure you mostly ordered for yourself...)

Marionette: Okay, let's get down to business. I'm guessing you don't actually have any urgent business with Tartaglia, per se. You just want information, right?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Yup, you got it... But how's he doing, anyway?

Option 2:

> Traveler: What's he been up to lately?

Marionette: Wanna take a guess?
Traveler: Um... Has he been picking fights again?
Marionette: Heh, of course you'd say that. You shouldn't underestimate Councilor Tartaglia, you know...
Traveler: "Councilor"?
Marionette: That's right. I'm sure you've heard of the Snezhnograd Veche by now? Well, he's busy preparing some paperwork for their next meeting.
Marionette: They'll be discussing yet another extension to Project Stuzha. It's basically all anyone cares about in the Veche these days.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Tartaglia, a councilor... Sorry, it's just a little hard to imagine...

Option 2:

> Traveler: He doesn't exactly strike me as pen-pusher.

Marionette: Yeah, he's more of the "shoot first, ask questions later" sort, isn't he?
Marionette: It all started with a very detailed letter that Capitano left for "The Jester," Pierro, before leaving for Natlan.
Marionette: In that letter, he detailed the future arrangements for his subordinates. All of his key people were reassigned to Tartaglia.
Marionette: I guess he'd already prepared to leave us for good all the way back then. But Pierro didn't reveal the contents of the letter until the events in Natlan had concluded.
Traveler: Why Tartaglia?
Marionette: Heh, that was his reaction, too. "Why me," with a bewildered look on his face.
Marionette: He'd always assumed Capitano looked down on him. He was a man who kept his thoughts to himself and barely spoke to him the whole time they'd known each other.
Marionette: But he occasionally brought Tartaglia along to my tea parties back in the day. So to the rest of us, it was clear that Capitano had quite a lot of respect for his young comrade.
Marionette: ...By "the rest of us," I mean my tea party regulars: Arlecchino, Rosalyne, and... actually, not Columbina. She was probably oblivious to it.
Marionette: Anyway, then the Liyue situation happened... Normally, it took a lot to get under Capitano's skin, but that time he was furious... It's not really my place to talk about it, though. You can ask Tartaglia about it sometime.
Marionette: Basically, Tartaglia probably had the wrong idea about Capitano all along, right up until Pierro revealed the letter he'd left behind.
Marionette: Capitano believed that despite Tartaglia's immaturity, he showed great potential — plus, he possessed a kind of purity rarely seen among members of the Fatui.
Traveler: That makes sense.
Marionette: Yeah, it's one of the few things that I'd agree those two have in common. But there's one other reason why Capitano chose Tartaglia to assume command of his troops.
Marionette: He knew that after he was gone, several of the others would swoop in on his army like vultures...
Marionette: With the ones who stood to benefit the most being "The Rooster," Pulcinella, and "Regrator," Pantalone.
Marionette: Once they'd divided Capitano's troops between them, they'd be more powerful than ever. No one would be able to stop them...
Marionette: ...So, you can see why Capitano chose to hand that letter to Pierro, right?
Traveler: Because The Jester needs to maintain a balance of power?
Marionette: Exactly. Pierro also needed to back a Harbinger as soon as possible. And all things considered, Tartaglia was the best choice.
Marionette: Even though Tartaglia has had the support of Northland Bank for a long time, he and Pantalone are ultimately not cut from the same cloth.
Marionette: I'd say Capitano made a good judgment call. Anyone else caught in this situation would probably feel like they'd been hung out to dry.
Marionette: His best course of action will be to distance himself from any shady business while still maintaining friendly relations with Pantalone, but seeking Pulcinella's support at the same time.
Traveler: Are you sure it's okay to tell me all this inside information?
Marionette: Heh, what's the point in having a tea party if you don't spill a little tea?
Marionette: Besides, none of this is confidential anyway. Ask any journalist out there — they'll give you all the lurid details.
Marionette: You'll see it firsthand if you ever sit in on a session of the Snezhnograd Veche. All the factional strife, whether open or unspoken — it plays out for all to see in that one little room.
Marionette: Having a voice in the Veche is the only way to steer policies in your favor. So, every person in that room represents a particular interest group.
Marionette: Pantalone, for instance, represents the financial sector, and Tartaglia represents the Fatui soldiers.
Marionette: Personally, I have no interest in political jousting, but since I have a number of engineers and researchers under my command, I have to make their voices heard.
Marionette: Then there's Pulcinella, the linchpin of the Veche. He represents "politics" itself.
Marionette: Everything involves him, so nothing can bypass him. Any issue that comes up, he knows how to mediate. That's what the Tsaritsa values most about him.
Traveler: This explains a lot...
Traveler: (I'm starting to see why everyone is so frustrated with the way things are, but also powerless to change it...)
Traveler: (A complex web of interests connects all parties involved, and the Tsaritsa sitting at the top adds another layer of complexity. It must be nearly impossible to come up with a perfect solution.)
Marionette: Alright, I'm done carrying this conversation. Time for you to answer a question of mine.
Marionette: You must have known that you can get the info you needed from me. So why was Tartaglia the first person you asked to see, and not me?

Option 1:

> Traveler: What makes you ask that?
> Marionette: I just don't understand, that's all. Anyway, do I really need a reason?

Option 2:

> Traveler: You're not... jealous, are you?
> Marionette: Huh? Jealous!? Pff. As if!

Marionette: Wait... Oh, I think I know what it is... Columbina passed on my message to you before you left Nod-Krai, right?
Marionette: I only meant you should be mindful of which side you're on... Is that actually why you didn't ask for me? Because you took that to heart?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I guess that's part of the reason.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I wanted to make sure I wasn't being disrespectful...

Marionette: You...! Ugh, fair enough, it's not your fault. I blame all these politicians I've been hanging around with lately. Always beating about the bush when they talk — I guess it must've rubbed off on me...
Marionette: Anyway, just ask for my help next time, okay? Little things like this are no problem.
Zverev: Lady Marionette.
Marionette: What now? Can't you see I'm on my break!? Whatever it is, just leave it on my desk! I'll look at it later...
Zverev: Sorry to disturb you during your break, Ma'am, but I'm afraid it's an emergency...
Marionette: Ugh, isn't it always? I've told you before: Fixing the tracks and transporting ice blocks does not constitute an emergency...
Zverev: The equipment in Svetloledovka is in urgent need of maintenance. With how the weather's been recently, we suspect that the cause is a buildup of snow, exceeding the maximum weight limit.
Zverev: The supports on one of the machines broke and fell, awakening a dormant beast and leaving many of the ice miners trapped in a nearby ice cave.
Zverev: Luckily, Odette's team was nearby and launched a rescue operation. But we're still facing a severe manpower shortage for both the rescue and engineering teams.
Marionette: ...
Marionette: I guess that's it, then. Our tea party will have to end here. I'm the only engineer you'll need.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I kinda wanna go with you...

Option 2:

> Traveler: But I promised Paimon I wouldn't go too far.

Marionette: Do you actually want to come with, or are you just saying that?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I owe you for the "tea" you shared with me.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I can't just stand by when people are in danger.

Marionette: Hmph. Nice of you to return the favor... I'll have a couple of people look after Paimon. They can let her know that you had to step out for a while. Given how urgent this is, I'm sure she'll understand.
Marionette: And honestly, I'd rather have your help than anyone else's. Between your skills and experience, you'd be reliable help.
Traveler: Great, thanks. Sounds like a plan.
Marionette: #Then let's go. You, take two people to Podvorye Restaurant. Find his room and watch it like a hawk until we get back.
Marionette: If anything happens to Paimon, you'll be answering to me.
Zverev: Yes, Lady Marionette!

## Talk 15

(Rush to Svetloledovka)

Marionette: They weren't exaggerating — this is really dangerous. It's a good thing only one of them broke...
Marionette: From what I've been told, most of the trapped miners are over in that direction.
Traveler: I'll go rescue them.
Marionette: Yeah, you do that while I check the rest of the equipment. I'll evacuate the people around here as I go.
Marionette: Meet me back here as soon as you're done.

## Talk 16

(Go to the scene of the incident and rescue the trapped people)

Traveler: (I have to be getting close...)
Odette (???): Don't go any further.
Odette (???): It's too dangerous here. There's a highly aggressive monster on the prowl. You need to leave, now.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I'm here to help with the rescue effort.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'm with Sandrone.

Odette: Ah, I see — you're the backup from Snezhnograd. Well, I'm Odette. Good to meet you.
Traveler: (Ah, so this is Odette. She was the first member of the Fatui on the scene...)
Odette: There are five people trapped in the cave. Monster type is unknown, and so is its location.
Odette: Let's go, every second counts.

## Objective 17

(Go deeper into the cave)


## Objective 18

(Continue deeper into the cave)


## Objective 19

(Defeat the monster and rescue the trapped people)


## Objective 20

(Continue deeper into the cave)


## Talk 21

(Talk to Odette)

Pevtsova: Thank you for saving us... We'd have been monster-fodder otherwise.
Ryabushinsky: Thank you, thank you...
Odette: #Welcome. You should be safe now. Follow this route out. He and I will stay behind to watch the rear.

Option 1:

> Traveler: The path's been cleared.

Option 2:

> Traveler: It's safe now.

Gornova: Thank you... C'mon, let's go. This way.
Odette: I've searched the area. Pretty sure the monster made a tactical retreat.
Traveler: Was this its lair?
Odette: Yeah, but with us here, it won't be coming back anytime soon.
Odette: It may be small, but don't be fooled — it's a ferocious beast. People are just food in its eyes...
Odette: It's lucky we got here when we did.
Odette: The trapped miners have been successfully evacuated. Time for us to leave.
Traveler: Wait, this place... There's something unusual about it...
Black Screen Text: (Cutscene, Escape from the ice cave)
Black Screen Text: After escaping the cave, the monster finally gives up the chase. With the rescue complete, you return safe and sound to Svetloledovka...

## Talk 22

(Meet with Sandrone in Svetloledovka)

Odette: Everyone's accounted for — we managed to rescue them all. We also placed a sign at the entrance to the cave, warning people to stay away.
Odette: ...You really held your own today. I... still don't know your name.
Traveler: #It's Traveler. I'm an adventurer.
Odette: Hmm. Don't think I've seen you before. I'll remember the name.
Odette: Alright then... see you around.
Odette: Hello, Lady Marionette.
Marionette: I hear the rescue operation was a great success. I knew I could count on you.
Marionette: What brings you here, Odette? Here for a performance?
Odette: No, a Fatui mission. I happened to be nearby and heard the crash.
Traveler: Performance?
Marionette: She hasn't introduced herself, then. Hehe, Odette is the prima ballerina of Snezhnograd. She's quite the celebrity.
Marionette: If you ever hear people mention the "two crowning jewels of the Korolevskiy Troupe," they're talking about Odette and the prima donna, Vodyanitsa.
Marionette: On top of that, Odette's also a rising Fatui star. It's looking likely she'll inherit the title of "The Fair Lady."
Marionette: She learned all her combat skills from Rosalyne herself. Used to be one of her most valued subordinates, too.
Odette: ...You flatter me, Lady Marionette.
Traveler: (If she's Rosalyne's protegee, that makes me... Never mind, there's no need to bring it up. No point making things awkward.)
Traveler: N—No wonder you're such a keen fighter...
Odette: How's progress on your end, Lady Marionette?
Marionette: Equally successful — I've finished reinforcing all the equipment. Took me a little longer without Pulonia's help... Hmph, but the outcome is the same, of course.
Marionette: Even if the heavy snowfall summoned by that monster lasts for another three months straight, this equipment won't give way.
Marionette: Alright — now that we're done here, it's time to get out of this blizzard.
Traveler: That's it? Isn't there more work to be done here?
Marionette: Sure, but Snezhnograd will send someone to investigate and draw up a relief plan... Ugh, and I guess I'll have to write the incident report myself this time, since it involves a mechanical malfunction.
Marionette: First, Pantalone needs to approve the budget, then Pulcinella has to sign off on the plan. Once they've argued it out and reached a compromise, we can move forward...
Marionette: That's the rough process, anyway. Could take anywhere from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, depending on how smoothly it goes.
Traveler: And in the meantime, the people here just have to wait?
Marionette: Yup. Nothing we can do about it. There's a whole stack of incident reports like this back at the office.
Traveler: ...
Traveler: (The snow has eased a little for now, but there's no telling when that will change with that monster still at large...)
Traveler: (Fuel for heating is in short supply, and relief is weeks away. There's no immediate threat to life, but still...)
Traveler: (It just feels like there should be a better way.)
Odette: ...
Marionette: Hey, quit daydreaming. Let's get back to Snezhnograd.

## Talk 23

(Return to Snezhnograd)

Marionette: Ah. Well, if it isn't Councilor Tartaglia. Mr. Big Shot himself.
Childe: Heh, go easy on me, alright? I'm still recovering from the interrogation the real big shots put me through.
Childe: Hey, comrade. It's been too long! I heard you came looking for me earlier. Nicest surprise I've had in a while.
Childe: Good to see you too, Odette. I'm guessing you guys just got back from Svetloledovka? How'd it go? Crisis averted?
Odette: It went fine.
Marionette: How about you? Any new developments?
Childe: Not really, same as ever. Growing opposition to Project Stuzha, and the usual rebuttals are starting to ring hollow.
Childe: The results of the mock vote were pretty dire. Pulcinella was fuming... I've never seen the old man so angry.
Marionette: That's not good news... It takes a lot to rattle him.
Childe: Yeah. Obviously, if push comes to shove, there are ways to crack down on dissent, but...
Traveler: Sorry, I have to ask something. This is going to sound blunt, but may I?
Childe: Huh? Of course, fire away.
Traveler: It sounds to me like everyone's tearing their hair out trying to figure out how to deal with opposition to Project Stuzha.
Traveler: But what exactly is this project's purpose? And how can it be so important that even people like you two refuse to stand up for the ordinary people of Snezhnaya?
Childe (All Three Together): ...
Childe: (Haha. Interesting. I gotta hand it to you, comrade — you sure don't mince your words...)
Marionette: #(Excuse him!? What does he mean, refuse to stand up for ordinary people!?)
Odette: #(Oh my gosh... How does he dare speak to the Harbingers like that?)
Marionette: Are you interrogating us now?
Childe: #It's okay, Sandrone. Let me explain. I think I understand where he's coming from.
Childe: ...If I could, I'd take your side right now.
Childe: In fact, my position's very similar to yours. I've only held back on casting a dissenting vote in the Veche because the Tsaritsa would never let me get away with it.
Childe: Still, I have a responsibility to the Fatui armed forces, so I do what I can to make their voices heard. Most of them are just regular folks from small towns far from the capital.
Childe: I'm sure you've seen how much those kinds of places are struggling right now. Oh, and for what it's worth, I'm from Morepesok myself. Things aren't going so swell there, either.
Traveler: Right, so this affects you directly. Hence my question.
Childe: The Tsaritsa wants to create a better, safer future for the people of Snezhnaya, but she's thinking long-term. I don't doubt that from where you're standing, Project Stuzha seems to be creating all sorts of issues for everyone.
Childe: But considering the Tsaritsa's vision for the future, these are sacrifices worth making. Sounds cold, I know. But I promise it's not as black-and-white as it seems.
Childe: Maybe Sandrone and I can't oppose Project Stuzha outright, but we're constantly raising our concerns in Veche meetings.
Childe: And even though we can't put an end to it, there are plenty of other ways to make a difference. We're trying everything we can think of, and so is Pulcinella.
Childe: I respect Her Majesty the Tsaritsa and trust her decisions. But at the end of the day, I'm still just a normal guy who cares deeply about my homeland... and my family, who all live here.
Childe: There's no way I would ever abandon them.
Marionette: As contentious as things can get within the Veche, there's no selfishness or malice behind it. Everyone wants to get through this period as smoothly as possible.
Marionette: The issue is that there's no way of pleasing everyone under the present circumstances. Most of the time, we're trying to decide on the lesser of two evils, which obviously isn't a great look.
Marionette: But that is not the same thing as being blindly loyal to the Tsaritsa. No one's got their head in the sand here. We're all well aware of the way things are — we're just doing our best to make it work.
Traveler: (In fairness to Sandrone, she rushed to Svetloledovka's aid the moment she heard that people were in danger.)
Traveler: (And even Tartaglia, who used to only care about the thrill of the fight, is clearly doing his best to rise to the demands of his new role as councilor...)

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sorry, maybe my question was a bit rude.

Option 2:

> Traveler: But I'd still like to know what exactly the Tsaritsa is up to...

Childe: Hey, come on. There's only so much we can say, so don't press us too hard. Look, I know how untenable the Tsaritsa's position looks if you don't understand her motives.
Childe: Maybe you've heard already, but she's currently leading her army on a campaign to the east to defeat the monster that's been causing these brutal blizzards.
Childe: Striking that monster down will be a significant step in dealing with the present energy crisis.
Childe: As laser-focused as she is on realizing her lifelong ambitions, she's still putting time and energy into taking down this powerful monster.
Childe: To me, that says a lot. If she thought Snezhnaya and its people didn't matter in the grand scheme of things, why would she waste her time on something like this?

Option 1:

> Traveler: You have a point...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You've become quite the smooth talker.

Childe: Haha, thanks. I meant every word I said, though. I wasn't just trying to placate you — I've already done more than enough diplomacy for one day.
Odette: ...I still think this adventurer raises a very important point.
Odette: Our two Harbingers have made their positions very clear. But there are many others in the Veche who must feel trapped and forced to vote against their conscience.
Odette: I think it's a very valuable quality to be willing to speak one's mind despite the risk of offending powerful figures.
Traveler: It's mostly because we know each other quite well...
Marionette: Hmph, you can say that again. I highly doubt we'd feel the need to explain ourselves so much if we didn't know you so well.
Odette: Forgive me, Adventurer, but might I be so bold as to ask about your background? How is it that you can converse so openly with two Harbingers?
Marionette: Umm...
Childe: Oh, haven't you been properly introduced?
Marionette: Easier said than done... I like to think I'm not the kind of person who goes around busting open people's old wounds!
Odette: #I've only learned his name so far, no details of his experiences. Is... something wrong?
Traveler: (Uh oh... is there no avoiding the subject of Rosalyne...?)
Childe: No, it's just... *sigh* Alright, I guess there's no getting around it.
Childe: This is the world-renowned Traveler, who helped resolve the Stormterror threat in Mondstadt, cleaned up after the mess I made in Liyue... and then went to Inazuma, where...
Childe: ...There was a duel before the throne, in which the Traveler defeated Rosalyne.
Odette: Oh...
Marionette: I'm sorry, I didn't think you two would be seeing much of each other, so I figured it wasn't worth bringing up...
Odette: It's fine, it was a long time ago... It's fine.
Odette: Sorry, I just remembered that we have a rehearsal coming up. Please excuse me, I should get going.
Marionette: *sigh*
Marionette: I've mentioned this to you before, remember? She was Rosalyne's most valued subordinate... but they didn't actually get along.
Marionette: Not that Rosalyne was really the type of person to make friends, but... death has a way of resolving a lot of conflicts.
Childe: Don't let it weigh on you. Like she said, it was a long time ago. It's in the past now.
Childe: Odette has a very different personality from Rosalyne. Give her some time. I'm sure she'll work through it.
Traveler: Hmm...
Childe: Oh, by the way, where's Paimon? It's not like her to hide away.
Marionette: She hasn't been feeling well, so she's resting at Podvorye Restaurant. I got a couple of my people to look after her while we were gone.
Childe: Oh, right. Sorry to hear that. Poor thing — reminds me of when Tonia was little. She really felt the cold back then, used to get ill all the time...
Childe: I felt so bad for her, seeing her lying in bed, coughing... She was so mature for her age, though. Whenever someone came to visit her, she'd greet them with a smile and would never complain.
Childe: I'm sure Paimon's a good kid too, haha.
Childe: You're a little short on manpower, right? Lemme have a couple of my people take over for yours. I'll send my most capable and reliable — they'll make sure Paimon can recover in peace.
Marionette: Well, that would be great. Your people are more qualified.
Traveler: Thanks.
Childe: Hey, don't mention it. I'm sure you have things to do. Hopefully this takes a load off your mind.
Childe: So no more accusing me of not being on your side, alright? Hahaha.

Option 1:

> Traveler: One last thing... I just remembered something.

Option 2:

> Traveler: So... I met The Jester when I first arrived in Snezhnaya.

Marionette: Already? That was quick...

Option 1:

> Traveler: He seemed to know who Paimon was...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I want to see him again to clear things up.

Childe: Hmm... I'm afraid I can't help you there. Our director's recent movements are confidential — even we're not in the loop.
Childe: If you hadn't told me, I never would've known he'd gone south. I assumed he'd been in Glupov this whole time.
Traveler: Oh, I see... Got it.
Childe: Well, I guess I'd better go sort out Paimon's security situation. I have some other work to catch up on at Glupov anyway.
Marionette: Me too. I have an incident report to write up... Let's leave it there for now.
Traveler: Sure thing. See you.
Traveler: (I guess everyone's in a difficult position. But Tartaglia's right — I have things to do... things I want to do, and things I ought to do.)
Traveler: (...To start with, I should ask Alyosha if he knows any way to help Svetloledovka.)

## Talk 24

(Go to Zolnyy)

Traveler: (How strange... This sword seems to be vibrating of its own accord.)
Traveler: (It's a very faint vibration, but it's getting stronger as I get closer to the Statue of The Seven...)
Traveler: (Does this sword have some connection to the statue? But all it does is vibrate, even when I touch it...)
Traveler: (That place I got this sword from was definitely out of the ordinary. Maybe I should try channeling the power of Cryo?)

## Objective 25

(Use the power of Cryo on the Statue of The Seven)


## Talk 26 (alternative/additional)

(Make contact with the Statue of The Seven)

Traveler: *Enhance Exaiphanes Blade*

## Talk 26

(Make contact with the Statue of The Seven)

Traveler: (I don't really understand what just happened, but I'm pretty sure this sword just got a little more powerful.)
Traveler: (I'll have to try the same thing again when I come across another Statue of The Seven. In the meantime, I'd better go find Alyosha.)

## Talk 27

(Go to Zolnyy and meet Alyosha)

Tatishchev: Hello there, how can I help?
Traveler: I'm looking for Alyosha.
Tatishchev: Ah, sure thing. Gimme a second, I'll go fetch him for ya.
Black Screen Text: When Alyosha arrives, you tell him about what happened in Svetloledovka and the lack of emergency relief.
Alyosha: *sigh* It's a familiar story. I've had similar experiences. Although Snezhnograd doesn't deliberately delay or withhold relief, those first few days of waiting for help are always the hardest.
Alyosha: It's a fundamental contradiction: If emergency relief can't be delivered in time, what's the point in even calling it emergency relief?

Option 1:

> Traveler: So that's it? They'll just have to wait?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Nowhere in Snezhnaya has enough energy right now.

Alyosha: Hmm, not necessarily. I think there's a good chance that Kresnik Kristall from Sretomorozsk will start flowing into the market.
Traveler: Really? Why?
Alyosha: When we resolved Sretomorozsk's energy issue, it's like we opened the floodgates.
Alyosha: A huge backlog of Kristall is now available to the townspeople. There's no way they can use it up at once.
Alyosha: A lot of them will probably stockpile it and slowly work their way through — probably a good idea, since energy prices are only gonna keep rising. But there'll always be people who urgently need Mora.
Traveler: So they'll sell it to the highest bidder...
Alyosha: Exactly. At the current prices, selling Kristall is an easy way for an ordinary person to make a fortune.
Alyosha: Hey Boss, how much do I have left in my account?
Tatishchev: One second, let me check... So you're planning on buying the Kristall out of your own pocket?
Alyosha: Yeah. I dunno if I have enough, so I'll chip in a little extra and buy as much as I can afford.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Let me cover this.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I can't let you pay for all of it yourself.

Alyosha: No, no, it's fine. You're new to Snezhnaya, and you have your own living expenses to worry about. Besides, you're already providing the train.
Traveler: It's okay, I volunteered for this.
Tatishchev: Here's your mora. See what you can find at the market, but I doubt there'll be much Kristall left.
Alyosha: Yeah. Well, can't hurt to take a look.
Alyosha: Let's see... Huh?
Traveler: What's Odette doing here?
Odette: Oh, Alyosha and...
Traveler: H—Hello...
Odette: Hello.
Alyosha: I didn't realize you two knew each other.

Option 1:

> Traveler: We teamed up in Svetloledovka.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I also didn't realize that you two knew each other.

Alyosha: Yeah, I take on some odd jobs in the city to supplement my hunting income. Sometimes I work as a cleaner or prop hand at the theater, where Odette is one of the big stars, so I've met her a few times.
Alyosha: When the weather's as bad as this, it's better for a hunter to adapt than to keep looking for game.
Odette: Yes, and we sometimes need extra help.
Traveler: ...
Odette: ...
Alyosha: (Wait, why's the atmosphere so awkward? I thought things went pretty smoothly in Svetloledovka...)
Alyosha: So, what brings you here, Miss Odette? Looking for some new props?
Odette: No. After I got back to the theater, I couldn't stop thinking about the situation in Svetloledovka. It bothered me so much, I couldn't focus on my dancing.
Odette: So I decided I'd come here and see if there's anything I can do.
Traveler: Couldn't let it go either?
Odette: Mm. You too, I presume? I suppose that's why you're here.
Odette: I didn't feel comfortable expressing my true opinions in front of the Harbingers... Not least because ordinary Fatui like me don't even know what Project Stuzha is all about.
Odette: Without knowing the full picture, I can't make sense of it. And at some point... if things aren't making sense to me, I can't just keep going along with it.
Alyosha: *sigh* So many people feel the same way. They wish they could do something, but all kinds of reservations hold them back. Explains why groups like the Rokot are springing up to fill the gap.
Odette: Yes. Well, that's one option, but there are risks to consider with organizations like that. The Fatui does not encourage their activities.
Alyosha: Right, 'cause things can get out of hand, and it's hard to hold the right people accountable when they do... I've heard about a few cases like that.
Traveler: (Sandrone said Odette was on track to inherit the title of "The Fair Lady." If so, she'll be able to find out what Project Stuzha is really about...)
Traveler: (Still... It's probably a little soon to ask her about that. There may be more to the story.)
Odette: What's on your mind?
Traveler: Nothing... I just spaced out for a moment.
Odette: I think we can both agree that, no matter which side you're on, it can't stop you from doing the right thing. Where there's a will, there's a way.
Traveler: Mm-hmm.
Odette: I know what Rosalyne did while she was abroad. You made the right decision, so no hard feelings.
Odette: So. What's your plan?
Alyosha: Oh, we were gonna buy some Kristall. I heard there's some on the market right now.
Odette: Funny — I had the same idea. In that case, let me pay. I can claim it back as mission expenses.
Odette: The real issue here is that government relief is behind schedule. Surely it makes more sense for the state to cover these costs than for us to pay out of our own pockets.
Alyosha: True. It's a huge expense, after all.
Traveler: Thanks for helping.
Odette: Let me see... I'll take it all, please. And I'll be needing a receipt.
Odette: Right. Choose "mission budget" under the expense category, but be sure to specify "emergency rescue operation" in the description. Otherwise, the normal reimbursement limit will apply.
Odette: Let's book this train. Regulations say that if we need to transport Kresnik Kristall during Project Stuzha, extra carriages can be added one hour before departure.
Odette: That should do it. The train will be escorted to its destination by Fatui guards.
Alyosha: This is my first time seeing you handle Fatui affairs, Miss Odette. It seems you're as skilled an officer as you are a dancer.
Odette: You flatter me. It's only because I've been doing both my whole life.
Traveler: Well, I'm glad we're in safe hands.
Alyosha: Anyway. I bet you've been non-stop today, am I right? Any idea how Paimon's doing?
Traveler: I've had my hands full, but I'm gonna go back to check on her now.
Odette: What's wrong? Who's Paimon?
Alyosha: #His travel buddy. Hasn't been feeling well. She caught a cold right after they got to Snezhnaya.
Odette: Sounds like she's important to you... I... I can't believe you've been dealing with this on top of everything you've been doing to help the people of Snezhnaya...

Option 1:

> Traveler: I couldn't just turn a blind eye to their suffering.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Paimon wouldn't want that either.

Alyosha: I've got nothing going on right now, so I'll join you. I wanna see how she's doing.
Odette: May I come too? I have some candy that someone gave me back in Svetloledovka. Plus, I know a little bit about relieving cold symptoms.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sure, she'll appreciate the company.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And she'll definitely enjoy the candy.

Alyosha: Alright then. Let's go.
Alyosha: (I still don't know what the deal is between these two, but at least the tension seems to have vanished... A good sign, hopefully.)

## Objective 28

(Return to Podvorye Restaurant)


## Talk 29

(Return to Podvorye Restaurant)

Sytin: Hello. Sorry, but there's a sick person recovering in this room. Can I help you?
Alyosha: What happened?

Option 1:

> Traveler: It's okay, no need to worry.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Are you one of Tartaglia's guys?

Sytin: #Oh, please excuse me — are you Traveler? Hmm. Could I take a quick look at your Adventurer Handbook? Master Childe said I should verify your identity.
Traveler: Here.
Sytin: Ah, it's really you. Sorry for the inconvenience. We're under strict orders from Master Childe to keep this room well guarded.
Sytin: At the same time, we can't interfere with Podvorye Restaurant's business. That would only seem all the more suspicious and draw unwanted attention to this room.
Sytin: Besides myself, a few of my colleagues are stationed in and around the restaurant — in plain clothes, of course. Rest assured, you're in safe hands.
Odette: I didn't expect such a high standard of protection.
Sytin: Well, Master Childe handpicked us for this special assignment. We're not about to let anything go wrong.
Sytin: Anyway, I won't keep you any longer. Please, head inside.
Paimon: #Traveler, Alyosha! You're back! ...Oh hey, who's our new friend?
Odette: #Hi, I'm Odette. Traveler and I crossed paths a few times.
Traveler: She's a member of the Fatui, but she's solid. We can trust her.
Paimon: Another friend from the Fatui, huh? You're practically a member yourself by this point.
Traveler: Heh. How are you feeling?
Paimon: Paimon's definitely on the mend! We should be back to our usual travels in a few days' time. Seems like that doctor was right!
Paimon: It's just, uh... Hehe... Paimon's limbs are still feeling a little chilly.
Odette: I have just the thing.
Paimon: Whoa, what's this? Is that... a flame inside an ice cube? Wait, is this real ice? How's it not melting? And how does the fire keep on burning...
Odette: All keen observations. You're right, this is called Cor Ignis.
Odette: Whenever I've caught a cold in the past, I've found I recover much more quickly if I place this by my bed. You're welcome to borrow it.
Paimon: Awesome! Wow, it's so nice and warm... Hehe, it's like magic...
Paimon: Um, your name was Odette, right? How did you two meet again?
Alyosha: Looks like she's in pretty good spirits. That's a relief.
Alyosha: Any progress with your investigation yet?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Nope...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I couldn't get anything out of the Harbingers.

Alyosha: Mm. No surprises there, I'm sure. They're not likely to let anything slip.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I need to try a different approach.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I want to look into this "Rokot" organization.

Alyosha: The Rokot, huh...

Option 1:

> Traveler: They might know what's really going on.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Do you know how I can contact them?

Alyosha: Hmm... Let me think...
Alyosha: ...Members of the Rokot keep their true identities hidden, but... I think there might be someone I can introduce you to.
Alyosha: Leave it with me. Meet me at the Korolevskiy Troupe tomorrow, and I'll tell you how it goes.
Odette: Would anyone like a drink? I'm gonna head to the bar.
Paimon: Paimon will have, ummm... maybe some hot milk? Yeah, Paimon's in the mood for something warm.
Paimon: Enough with the secret chat, you two! Let's catch up properly in a minute — Paimon wants to know everything that's happened today!
Traveler: Yes, Ma'am.
Paimon: It'll be kinda like Tabletop Troupe. No reason why listening to a story can't be an adventure!

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*


### Free Talk 1

Paimon: They really had to build the railroad over a canyon, huh...
Alyosha: You might wanna avoid looking down if you're afraid of heights.
Paimon: No, it's not that. Paimon's just praying that we don't have yet another accident...

### Free Talk 2

Paimon: That mountain is breathtaking... Reminds Paimon of Dragonspine.
Alyosha: They say this mountain's the domain of a snegovik lord. A lot of the snegovik retreated there to live in seclusion, so it's a pretty mysterious place. You hear all kinds of stories...
Alyosha: Even the residents of the nearby town of Svetloledovka steer clear of the summit, and they make a living off of harvesting Prime Ice.

### Free Talk 3

Alyosha: Look. Snezhnograd's just up ahead.

### Free Talk 4

Paimon: Look, look! They have really funny-looking heads...
Paimon: And those ones are about the same height as Paimon. But it looks like they can't fly...
Alyosha: Those would be "volkodlak" and "domovoy." You'll also see the winged "vila" and the snow-born "snegovik" amongst others.
Paimon: No wonder... We'd heard that Snezhnaya used to be the realm of the fae. Paimon can really see it now...

### Free Talk 5

Alyosha: To the left is the market of Zolnyy. They sell everything there. You can often find some nifty little trinkets.
Alyosha: To the right, you'll see the Korolevskiy Theater in the distance.
Paimon: Look at that... Incredible!

### Free Talk 6

Traveler: (Alright... time to find Childe and see what he can tell me.)

### Free Talk 7

Odette: Careful, something's moving.

### Free Talk 8

Odette: This must be the monster's shadow. Looks like a tough opponent.

### Free Talk 9

Pevtsova: Stay back!
Monster: ...!

### Free Talk 10

Odette: Quick, they're in danger.

### Free Talk 11

Odette: I see them, they're right behind the monster.
Odette: The monster seems very agitated. It could attack at any moment. Let's make the first move!

### Free Talk 12

Marionette: Hmm? When did you get a new sword?
Traveler: I found it in a cave. It handles pretty nicely.
Marionette: Hmph, you have a strange affinity for second-hand swords.

### Free Talk 13

Traveler: (It worked! There really is something special about this sword...)