(Quest is part of chapter: Chapter VII: Act I Everwinter Without Mercy)

# Silence Alone is Disfavored

After settling the incident in Svetloledovka, your questions about the current situation and Project Stuzha only increase. To gain more intel, you decide to make contact with the mysterious Rokot...


## Objective 1

(Rest until the following day (08:00))


## Talk 2

(Go to the Korolevskiy Theater)

Alyosha: Ah, you made it. I've got some tickets, and I managed to set something up with the Rokot.
Alyosha: It'll have to wait until after the show, though. Happy to stay and watch? I doubt you've seen the Korolevskiy Troupe on stage before.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Of course, no problem!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Thank you for sorting everything out.

Alyosha: Pleasure. Here, this is the way in.
Kulish: Please present yourself for a routine inspection in accordance with theater regulations. Thank you.
Valeriy (???): ...
Traveler: (Uhh... Is that guy with the Fatui? Looks like he's waiting for something...)
Kulish: Okay, all done. Thank you for your cooperation. Please proceed through to the theater.
Alyosha: What's up? Everything okay?
Traveler: I wasn't expecting such strict security here...
Alyosha: Snezhnaya's business and political leaders are always passing through here, so it makes sense that security's tight.
Alyosha: Still, it's a little unusual to see the Fatui's Armory Palace guard here... You saw him, right? The guy right at the back — strong, silent type. His name's Valeriy.
Alyosha: He's part of the Special Assignments Battalion, but I only ever see him here for one thing — to look for a guy named "Mitya."
Traveler: Mitya? Who's that?
Alyosha: Supposedly a researcher, though he never seems to put much time in at the office. The theater is one of his favorite places to hang out when he's playing hooky from work.
Alyosha: But that's not for us to worry about. Let's go, the show's about to start.

## Objective 3

(Pass the checks and enter the theater)


## Talk 4

(Watch the theater performance)

Alyosha: What do you think? Pretty impressive, huh?
Traveler: It reminds me of the Opera Epiclese.
Alyosha: Oh, the one in Fontaine? I hear it's iconic. Never seen it for myself, though.
Alyosha: Here we are, just in time. Sorry, coming through.
Traveler: Excuse us.
Chugunov: Hmph, if you're gonna show up late, keep your mouths shut.
Traveler: (What's his problem!? ...Whatever, no point arguing with people like that.)
Alyosha: Look, there she is. That's who I'm introducing you to later. She's the lead singer of the troupe, Vodyanitsa.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Alyosha: This leads directly to the greenroom. They're expecting us. Vodyanitsa will be waiting for us there.

## Talk 5 (alternative/additional)

(Follow Alyosha to the greenroom)

Alyosha: Hey there, excuse me.
Vodyanitsa: Ugh, can you believe it? I am so mad right now... Come in!
Odette: Oh... it's you two.
Traveler: I wasn't expecting to see you here.
Vodyanitsa: Huh? You know each other? Oh, wait. Is this who you were telling me about? The one you met yesterday and couldn't stop thinking about?
Odette: I never said that.
Vodyanitsa: Yes, you did! Why are you denying it? It was right before I went on that rant about the moody factory owner! Oh, I remember it so clearly...
Odette: Might I ask what brings you two here?
Alyosha: #Oh, I just brought him here to see the show, and when it finished, he was full of praise for Vodyanitsa's performance.
Alyosha: So, I thought I'd try my luck, see if we could get the chance to chat for a bit... maybe get an autograph...
Odette: You work here... You of all people ought to know that's against the rules. It's not what the greenroom is there for.
Vodyanitsa: Oh, what's the big deal? Come on, don't be shy. I can give you an autograph. You can take a picture too if you want.
Odette: ...Do as you please.
Odette: I've finished all my shows for the day. I'll leave you to chat.
Vodyanitsa: I wasn't making that stuff up, you know. Odette's just too proud to admit it.
Vodyanitsa: She thinks very highly of you. And so do I. You did the right thing in Svetloledovka.
Alyosha: ...We're good. Odette's out of earshot — I'll lock the door.
Traveler: What?
Alyosha: Confidentiality, of course. The Rokot is very strict on that.
Vodyanitsa: Whoa, Alyosha! Not out loud! Not with an outsider here!
Alyosha: Relax, I've taken care of it. Look at this.
Vodyanitsa: #The president's reply, sent this morning... Wait, so... he's been approved to join!?
Traveler: ...As in, me?
Alyosha: You told me last night that you wanted to get intel from the Rokot. Unfortunately, Rokot intel is only available to members.
Alyosha: But ever since you set foot in Snezhnaya, we've been working together. I've seen the way you work, your character, and your motives.
Alyosha: Everything about you is perfectly in alignment with what we're trying to achieve in the Rokot. So I figured I might as well cut to the chase...
Alyosha: I wrote a letter to the president explaining your situation, including just the right amount of detail. His approval came very quickly.
Alyosha: Of course, it's still your decision whether you want to join or not. We'll respect your choice.

Option 1:

> Traveler: So that means you and Vodyanitsa...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You're both members?

Vodyanitsa: Well, assuming Odette was telling the truth and she didn't misjudge you, I guess we don't need to worry about you blowing our cover...
Vodyanitsa: Still, you gave me a real fright! I didn't know that's why you came looking for me.
Vodyanitsa: Hmm... So that stuff you said about admiring my performance... was that just because Odette was here? Did you actually mean it?
Traveler: No, no, I meant every word. I loved your singing.
Vodyanitsa: Hehe, now you're talking! That's what I like to hear.
Alyosha: Anyway, lemme give you a quick rundown of how things work. Like I said, the Rokot is a covert organization, and we hide our identities.
Alyosha: Members typically don't meet in person or even know each other's identities. This helps us maintain a high level of independence and secrecy.
Alyosha: Because of this, members are basically free to decide their methods without constraints, so long as the outcome of any activity doesn't violate the organization's principles.
Vodyanitsa: After all, we don't have any ostensible contact with each other. This way, if anything goes wrong, no one else will be implicated.
Alyosha: Beyond the freedom to choose how you operate, it's also your choice whether to act at all. We have plenty of members who have yet to take any action.
Alyosha: In short, joining the Rokot in and of itself won't place any restrictions on your activity in Snezhnaya.
Alyosha: There's a code of conduct you can read if it interests you. But basically, as long as you don't plan on using your anonymity to go around doing evil, you'll be fine.
Vodyanitsa: I tried reading it five or six times... never made it all the way through. Even the most lackluster script makes for more interesting reading.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Sounds good to me.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'm in.

Alyosha: Great. Then, I'll go grab an official application form. Be right back.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Since you keep your identities secret...

Option 2:

> Traveler: How come you two know each other?

Vodyanitsa: Hah... Well, Alyosha has this pet dog, you see. His name's Tugarin, and this one time, Alyosha brought him backstage.
Vodyanitsa: Tugarin took quite a liking to me, so I played with him for a little bit and fed him some treats.
Vodyanitsa: Then, the Rokot was out on a mission one day, and even though we were all in disguise, Tugarin recognized me right away.
Alyosha: Just a coincidence, really. We didn't report it to the higher-ups, though, to avoid dealing with the fallout.
Alyosha: Like... *sigh* my job at the theater, for instance. I really need it to make ends meet.
Alyosha: By the way, what were you complaining about just before we came in? Did everything go okay with Chugunov?
Vodyanitsa: Hmph, everything did not go okay. That's why I was so mad! I tried to make some small talk with him before I went on stage to fish for intel about the Iskra Manufacturing Plant.
Vodyanitsa: But he wouldn't take the bait. No matter what I said, he kept dodging the question.
Vodyanitsa: And then he started complaining! He said he didn't appreciate his second-rate seat in the stalls because he usually gets a private box...
Vodyanitsa: I mean, what did he expect? Everyone knows that if you want a box seat, you buy a ticket well in advance! But instead, he sends me a letter the day before the show, when we're practically sold out!
Vodyanitsa: I had to juggle things around just to get him a half-decent seat, hoping he would appreciate the gesture enough to share some information. But nope! He didn't give me anything!
Alyosha: *sigh*... Yeah, meeting Chugunov in person has definitely been a disappointing experience...
Alyosha: Oh, you probably don't know who we're talking about, do you? Chugunov was that older guy you were sitting next to today. I'm sure he didn't make a great first impression on you, either.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Oh. THAT guy...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Yeah. Seemed like a real grouch.

Vodyanitsa: To the citizenry, he's a family man and a kind boss.
Vodyanitsa: But our interactions with him tell a very different story... It's one thing to ask for a favor, but he acts like it's his right. He always expects special treatment.
Vodyanitsa: Take the ticket situation, for instance — I've actually gotten him a private box in the past. But not only was he not even grateful, now he's acting like I've sold him short this time!
Vodyanitsa: Not to mention that he's never paid for a single one of his tickets! Hmph.
Traveler: That's pretty outrageous...
Vodyanitsa: And another thing! If he's such a big family man, why doesn't he bring his wife and daughter to see the show once in a while? I've never seen them here, not even once.
Alyosha: Calm down, Vodyanitsa. If he won't do it the easy way, we'll have to try the hard way.
Alyosha: But first things first — here's your application form. Go ahead and fill it out.

## Talk 5

(Follow Alyosha to the greenroom)

Traveler: Missing text (0)

Option 1:

> Traveler: Missing text (0)
> Vodyanitsa: Excellent! We'll hold onto this for you.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Missing text (0)
> Vodyanitsa: Uh... Hmm, looks like I'll need to make a few little tweaks here and there... But other than that, you're good to go. We'll hold onto this for you.

Vodyanitsa: Alright! Now that we're officially Rokot comrades, I can tell you... Chugunov is the target of our current operation.
Vodyanitsa: Recently, we've done some recon work at the Iskra Manufacturing Plant, which pretty much confirmed that their energy consumption is way beyond the legal limit.
Vodyanitsa: All we need now is some direct evidence to present to the Veche, so we can demand that they shut the plant down.
Alyosha: That way, the Kresnik Kristall can be allocated to where it's needed most.
Vodyanitsa: I was hoping he might let slip during one of our chats, but he's too tight-lipped. We'll have to find another way.
Vodyanitsa: I'm meeting another regular theater-goer tonight. Mitya.
Traveler: Alyosha mentioned that name earlier.
Alyosha: Ah... but Valeriy's here too, and he's probably looking for Mitya. So he may end up being a no-show.
Vodyanitsa: Hehe, don't you worry. He must know how to dodge Valeriy, or he wouldn't be showing up on time for every performance.
Vodyanitsa: Mitya is a renowned energy expert. Although we can't get any direct evidence of the excessive energy consumption at the plant, we can "accidentally" let the information slip to him.
Vodyanitsa: The authority should take someone like him seriously. So, if he starts raising questions about energy use at the Iskra Manufacturing Plant, there'll be a proper investigation.
Vodyanitsa: Also, we're not allowed on site, but he has clearance. So all we need is his cooperation.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Since he's an energy expert, does that mean...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...He might know the inside story of Project Stuzha?

Vodyanitsa: Yeah, so that's the other thing we're trying to figure out... though I think we're far less likely to make any progress on that front.
Vodyanitsa: Still, I hear that Mitya is a bit of a chatterbox. So, who knows? Maybe if we catch him in the right mood, he'll let something slip.
Alyosha: What do you think? Sound like something worth your time?
Traveler: Definitely. I'd love to join you.
Vodyanitsa: Okay. In that case, you guys find a seat somewhere nearby, pretend you're a couple of buddies there to eat, and keep your ears peeled for useful information.
Vodyanitsa: He's a huge fan, so I doubt he'll have his guard up around me. But you two need to be convincing. If he suspects anything at all, he might stop talking.
Alyosha: Sure. Don't worry, we'll make a believable pair of buddies.
Traveler: I'm sure we can manage a bit of friendly chit-chat.
Vodyanitsa: Perfect, you've sold me already! Now, help me tidy this room up a bit before we head out.
Alyosha: Okay, what needs tidying?
Vodyanitsa: Everything.

## Talk 7 (alternative/additional)

(Go to Podvorye Restaurant)

Alyosha: We come here often, so we shouldn't stand out. Let's sit here.
Alyosha: Now, it's up to Vodyanitsa. Let's see how the conversation goes.
Vodyanitsa: Ah, Mr. Mitya! Over here, over here!
Mitya: Ah, sorry, I got a little held up on my way here. Now we have even less time than we planned...
Mitya: Go ahead and order some snacks and drinks — whatever you'd like. Let me see, according to my schedule... we still have twenty-five minutes left.
Vodyanitsa: Hmm, you're really pressed for time today, huh? I was imagining this would be a leisurely chat... If you'd prefer, we can always reschedule for another afternoon when you have more time.
Mitya: Hehe, no need. Getting to meet the lead singer is a very precious opportunity for me — I'm not about to pass it up.
Mitya: I've already had to decline your invitations several times because our schedules rarely align. If I don't grab this chance while it's here, who knows when the next one will come around.
Vodyanitsa: Well, it's very kind of you to make time just for me.

Option 1:

> Traveler: What's going on with his scarf?

Option 2:

> Traveler: It's like it's alive...

Alyosha: I'm not too sure, to be honest. But Snezhnaya's full of weird and wonderful things like that, so people tend not to bat an eye. I'm sure the same will go for the Eye of Graeae and Paimon.
Traveler: That'll make getting around easier.
Vodyanitsa: The reason I invited you out for tea and a chat today was to get some feedback from a true fan of the theater.
Mitya: Well, I genuinely have nothing bad to say. No matter how many times I hear you sing, it never gets old. It always seems fresh and new somehow.
Mitya: Maybe it's because the more times I listen, the more details I notice. Or maybe you simply improve with every performance, delivering it better each time.
Vodyanitsa: Thank you, I'm delighted to hear that! Could you give me any specific examples?
Mitya: Oh! Yeah, that, uh... the piece you sang today, for example. Uh, "Beneath the Frozen River"...?
Mitya: Hey, what's with you? I'm just praising a good performance.
Mitya: I always used to find that such a bleak and lonely song. But the more you listen, the more you realize that it's not as cold and nihilistic as it appears. When you really dig down into it, there's a certain level where you're surprised by the emergence of hope.
Vodyanitsa: Wow, I'm impressed. I didn't expect you to pick up on that. Actually, I only tried out that angle after talking with the composer.
Vodyanitsa: ...Still, Beneath the Frozen River wasn't on today's program.
Mitya: Oh, really!? But it's a classic... You sing it every time...
Vodyanitsa: Almost every time.
Mitya: Oh... haha, um... well then, let me say a few words about that other all-time classic, "Flying in the Wind" from "The Mountain Sparrow."
Vodyanitsa: I didn't sing that one today either. My voice wasn't quite up to it, so I switched it out at the last minute.
Mitya: Oh... but... uhh...
Vodyanitsa: Sorry, Mr. Mitya, but... You were at the theater today, yes?
Mitya: Of course I was. Remember? I said hello to all the troupe members before the show started. You, Odette, and the others.
Vodyanitsa: So what did Odette sing today?
Mitya: ..."Elegy of the Snow-Winged Goose," of course!
Vodyanitsa: Correct. I see... I see.
Vodyanitsa: You find my singing boring, don't you? That's why you don't remember a single song... Hmm. Looks like I'll need to cut a few from the program next time.
Mitya: No, that's not it! I swear!
Mitya: Ah... Alright, I'll be straight with you. I'm sorry. My mind was wandering as you took the stage today.
Mitya: I enjoy watching your shows because the exquisite performances stimulate the mind. It always sparks some inspiration for my research.
Mitya: So, whenever I get stuck at work, I come to the theater for a change of pace.
Mitya: Odette's dance during the Elegy of the Snow-Winged Goose today was simply incredible. It got me wondering what she's been going through recently...
Mitya: That look of sheer defiance in the face of utter tragedy... It was so inspiring, I started scribbling in my notebook right away.
Mitya: Not that I made a ton of progress in the grand scheme of things, but I still think it was productive. By the time I snapped out of it, the entire show had finished...
Vodyanitsa: So what you're saying is, you didn't listen to my singing at all...?
Mitya: Unfortunately not... I'm sorry, I don't know which is more disrespectful: the fact that I don't always come for the show itself, or the fact that I missed your performance...
Traveler: (Seems like things are getting a little awkward... Hmm?)
Traveler: You look nervous. What's up?
Alyosha: Mitya just stepped into a conversational minefield. If there's one thing Vodyanitsa doesn't like, it's people who show disrespect for her performance...
Alyosha: Ugh, this meeting was so hard to set up... Don't tell me it's already falling apart...

## Talk 7

(Go to Podvorye Restaurant)

Vodyanitsa: ...Hmph.
Vodyanitsa: It's fine. I suppose this is... affirming in its own way. At least it shows that our performance really... touches people's hearts, right?
Vodyanitsa: Don't let it bother you. It... certainly doesn't bother me.
Alyosha: She's showing a lot of restraint...
Traveler: Must be tough.
Vodyanitsa: Well, I'll be sure to let Odette know how much you adored her performance.
Mitya: Please don't say that. I always love your performances too, it's just that inspiration struck at the wrong time today... I'm usually all ears.
Vodyanitsa: I know, I can tell. That's why I value your opinion.
Vodyanitsa: I'm sure some people can't stand it when others praise their coworkers right to their face, but not me. No sir.
Mitya: Fair enough. I still feel kinda bad, though...
Vodyanitsa: Ah, but you know what I really can't stand? People who only show up to the theater to pretend that they're cultured. Makes me sick to my stomach.
Mitya: Oh yeah, a hundred percent. There are too many of those people around. By the time they're walking out the door, they've forgotten all about the show.
Mitya: W—What's wrong? You look furious...
Vodyanitsa: I don't know if you've heard about the boss of the Iskra Manufacturing Plant... He isn't even a theater investor, but he always demands the same privileges as actual investors.
Vodyanitsa: Box tickets only, premium drinks... Even the right to request specific songs!
Alyosha: Well played, Vodyanitsa... seems like she's harnessing her rage to steer the conversation back on track...
Mitya: Now that you mention it, I've interacted with that guy before. I gotta say... everyone holds him up as an example of a benevolent businessman, but... I dunno. I don't see it.
Vodyanitsa: Yeah, he couldn't care less about what's happening onstage. He's just there to flaunt his social status. I hate that I have to prepare programs for guys like that.
Vodyanitsa: What's the big deal with that factory he runs, anyway? I asked around a bit and heard some pretty shocking stories. Sounds like he's just another greedy capitalist.
Mitya: Oh, really?
Vodyanitsa: Yep! The things people are saying are pretty damning. Low wages, insanely long working hours, equipment running around the clock... And as if that's not bad enough, he also strictly forbids his employees from giving any kind of interview.
Vodyanitsa: Project Stuzha has now been extended so many times, we're at the point where Kristall rations for the common folk are barely enough to survive on. Yet he even wants to get his greedy hands on them, just to boost his own profits...
Vodyanitsa: If the rumors are true, he's in serious violation of the law.
Mitya: Interesting. So you've heard about it too.
Vodyanitsa: What? So it's really true?
Mitya: Haha, who knows? I've only heard the same rumors you have. But there's no smoke without fire.
Mitya: The Rooster's been coming down on us hard lately, demanding that we track and trace every single batch of Kristall. My coworkers in the Department of Energy have been tearing their hair out over it...
Vodyanitsa: The Rooster? I didn't realize he cared that much.
Mitya: Yeah. Even though there are no restrictions on Kristall trading, the poor will wind up freezing to death if we let the rich buy as much as they want. That's clearly unfair.
Mitya: Looks like we'll need to arrange an investigation into the Iskra Manufacturing Plant as soon as possible.
Mitya: I never knew you kept up with current affairs beyond the theater, Miss Vodyanitsa. You really have a heart for the common person.
Mitya: Most fae in your position have long been indifferent to the plight of humans.
Vodyanitsa: Well, those of us who choose to live in human cities are naturally going to pay attention to any significant upheaval. Isn't The Rooster a fae himself?
Vodyanitsa: I'm just surprised to learn that even someone with as much experience as him is getting so stressed out over Project Stuzha. What is the end goal of this project, anyway...
Traveler: (This is it... We're finally going there...)
Alyosha: I'm sure Mitya can sense on some level that she's fishing for information. But since their conversation is so relaxed, he might just let something slip.
Mitya: *sigh* It's stressing me out, too. If I'd only made better progress with my research, things wouldn't have dragged on this long.
Vodyanitsa: Oh, so your work is related to Project Stuzha?
Mitya: That's right. The Armory Palace needs a brand-new energy source — not the power of the Light Realm, and not elemental energy.
Mitya: Right now, the only thing that meets the requirements is the power contained within Stellar Linchpins.
Mitya: But harnessing that power is costly. Each step of the process requires enormous amounts of Kresnik Kristall, from extraction to quantification, to attempts at conversion.
Mitya: Progress has been painfully slow, and the team is getting burned out as time goes by. Sometimes I see people staring into space, as if in a trance...
Vodyanitsa: Could it be that this new energy source has side effects?
Mitya: No, no. It doesn't affect us, because the energy is used for—
Mitya: Argh... Okay, okay, I got it! Stop choking me... Ahem... Sorry. I can't talk about that.
Mitya: I think we're all just... exhausted. We've been working ourselves to the bone for so long, with so little progress to show for it. It's no wonder people are struggling to stay motivated.
Vodyanitsa: ...Seems like I owe you an apology. I shouldn't have gotten so mad at you for not paying attention during the show.
Mitya: Haha, don't worry about it. I count myself lucky, to be honest. I don't envy the people who work closely with the Tsaritsa herself — I'd much rather be in my current position. At least I don't have to shoulder any major responsibilities.
Alyosha: So they're trying to develop a completely new kind of energy...
Traveler: It's a shame we didn't get to hear more.
Alyosha: Yeah. Censored by his scarf. Who would've thought...
Mitya: Oh dear, it looks like my time is up. I'm afraid I have to leave.
Mitya: So sorry, we ended up barely talking about the theater...
Vodyanitsa: That's okay. It was a pleasure chatting with you, really.
Mitya: Let's make up for it next time. Hmm... Yeah, hopefully once the work pressure eases up a little, I'll be able to focus more on the performance, and then we'll have more to discuss.
Mitya: We touched on some confidential issues today... I'd be grateful if you could keep it between us.
Vodyanitsa: That could have gone worse.
Alyosha: Nice job. Why was Mitya in such a hurry to leave, though?
Valeriy: Sorry, routine inspection.
Traveler: Is that... Valeriy?
Valeriy: ...
Valeriy: Okay. Let's go.
Vodyanitsa: So he wasn't rushing to get back to work... He must have calculated that Valeriy would find him here in exactly twenty-five minutes. That's frighteningly accurate...
Alyosha: One of the main duties of the Special Assignments Battalion is to ensure that important figures stick to their schedules.
Traveler: Sounds like Mitya's archenemy, then.
Vodyanitsa: Alright, time for us to get going too. Excuse me, check please.
Alyosha: We'll settle our check too, then.
Nefedov: Hello there. Mr. Mitya paid the check before leaving.
Nefedov: He also asked me to pass on a message. He said it was an honor to share his tea break with Miss Vodyanitsa and her two friends.
Alyosha: Wait...
Traveler: (So he knew we were here all along? Hmm, this raises a lot of questions... Did he deliberately mention the new energy source so that we'd overhear it?)
Traveler: (Maybe his work isn't confidential after all — maybe the key here is the purpose of this new energy... I guess that's the next thing to look into.)
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
Traveler: (Hmm... Vodyanitsa and Alyosha have left. Time to head back and call it a day.)

## Talk 8

(Return to your room and sort out the intel)

Paimon: You're back! You're pretty early today.
Traveler: How are you feeling?
Paimon: Paimon was just gonna mention that! After she woke up today, Paimon felt like her temperature was completely back to normal, but her strength still hasn't returned...
Paimon: Still, there's some good news. Paimon thinks she might've figured out the source of the problem.
Paimon: It's like there's... some kind of mysterious power affecting Paimon. Paimon's never felt this way before during any of her travels.
Paimon: She only started feeling this way since we arrived in Snezhnaya...
Traveler: Some kind of mysterious power, you say...?
Mitya: That's right. The Armory Palace needs a brand-new energy source.
Traveler: (Could that have something to do with this?)
Paimon: What is it? You're making that face again. Y'know, the one you get whenever you have a lightbulb moment.
Traveler: Let me tell you what I found out today.
Paimon: ...So, they're trying to develop a new energy source here... And you think that might be why Paimon's feeling unwell?
Traveler: Yes.
Paimon: Hmm. Well, Mitya denied that the energy they're researching has any side effects — although he did say that people working on the project have been having issues with their concentration and short-term memory...
Paimon: But even so, those are completely different symptoms from Paimon's.

Option 1:

> Traveler: This power you mentioned...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Can you sense where it's coming from?

Paimon: It's pretty faint, so it's kinda hard to tell... But if anything, it seems like it's coming from roughly the same direction as the Armory Palace.
Traveler: All the more reason to find out the purpose of their research.
Paimon: Sure, Paimon's with you there. But how, though? The Rokot only has a limited amount of intel...

Option 1:

> Traveler: There's still one avenue we haven't explored...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...The Snezhnograd Veche.

Paimon: Oh, great point! They argue about Project Stuzha every day. If we could sit in on one of their sessions, we might pick up some new leads.
Traveler: Okay. I need to write a letter to Alyosha.
Paimon: Good idea. Oh yeah — while you were out, Paimon tried all the yummiest-looking desserts in the Podvorye Restaurant.
Paimon: This one seemed right up your alley, so Paimon saved some for you! Come try it once you've finished writing your letter.

## Objective 9

(Wait until two days later (08:00))


## Talk 10

(Head to the Snezhnograd Veche)

Mironova: Ah, Miss Vodyanitsa, prima donna of the Korolevskiy Troupe! What a surprise, meeting you here. Will you be sitting in on a session of the Veche?
Vodyanitsa: Sorry, I'm not taking interviews today...
Vodyanitsa: Oh good, you're here. The session's about to begin — let's get inside.
Mironova: Please wait, Miss Vodyanitsa...! Could you introduce me to your new friend?

## Objective 11

(Listen from the audience seats)


## Talk 12

(Listen from the audience seats)

Black Screen Text: Shortly after you take your seat, the meeting of the Snezhnograd Veche officially begins. Discussions on whether to extend Project Stuzha are saved until the end.
Black Screen Text: As "The Rooster," Pulcinella shares various energy-related statistics, the dull and lifeless room suddenly becomes very animated.
Black Screen Text: Missing text (0)
The Rooster: In summary, the energy management commitments made for the outgoing period have been delivered upon. Furthermore, both the production and consumption of Kresnik Kristall show clear signs of stabilizing.
The Rooster: The relevant agencies have assessed the present circumstances and determined that the status quo can be sustained until the next period. For detailed statistics, I would refer you to the industry reports that have been distributed to all persons present.
The Rooster: It should also be noted that while the recent blizzards have led to a significant increase in people's energy expenses, this is strictly a short-term phenomenon associated with a remotely located monster.
The Rooster: Her Majesty the Tsaritsa is giving her full attention to this matter. We should have every confidence that it will be dealt with swiftly and conclusively.
The Rooster: A financial report on disaster relief is also present in this report, courtesy of Pantalone.
Traveler: Why does it keep getting noisier in here?
Vodyanitsa: *sigh* They cover the same old ground every single time. The Rooster never seems to mind, but everyone else is getting tired of it.
Vodyanitsa: There's a general lack of trust. People aren't seeing any tangible benefits that affect them directly. Of course, none of that will be reflected in any of the reports on the table.
Mironova: Yeah, if it weren't for these hard-copy documents, I could've at least made something up...

Option 1:

> Traveler: I've been meaning to ask... why are you still here?

Option 2:

> Traveler: And why are you acting so chummy?

Mironova: Don't mind me, I'm just out here trying to hit my interview quotas. "Bring Out the Kvass!" Ever read it? Best-selling newspaper in town.
Vodyanitsa: If I remember correctly, you guys don't even have a sales permit... You have to sell from stalls on the street...
Mironova: Okay then, "best-selling street stall newspaper in town." Still counts!
The Rooster: Order.
The Rooster: We will now open the floor to the representatives. If there are no further substantive issues to discuss, we will then proceed to a vote on this motion.
Childe: Snezhnaya has a long tradition of treating members of the Fatui armed forces and their dependents favorably.
Childe: But recent survey shows that Fatui families in remote areas have access to 15% less Kristall than the average civilian family in Snezhnograd.
Childe: It's been said many times before, but it bears repeating now: There needs to be a clear and consistent rationale behind how Kristall is allocated, or we will soon face immense public backlash.
Regrator: Perhaps you wouldn't need to keep repeating yourself if you would hear me out for once... I say again, true consistency exists only in principle. In the real world, fairness is relative.
Regrator: You appear to treat resource allocation as a simple function of production and population. So what about when the equipment used in production breaks down? Have you factored that into your equation?
Regrator: And do you even know how long it's been since Snezhnaya last conducted a census?
Childe: If I knew the answers to questions like that, I'm sure I'd be a very wealthy man — and I doubt I'd be going by "Childe."
Childe: I'd like to bring the focus back to the specific issue I raised. Or do you wish to deny that favorable treatment for Fatui dependents is our longstanding policy?
Regrator: Ah, it's easy to be a critic when there's no accountability. That seems to be a running theme in the anti-Project Stuzha cohort.
Regrator: Defeat the ringleader, and all other problems will magically resolve themselves. That's what they seem to think.
Regrator: But in case you aren't aware, not one jot in my report would change, whether Project Stuzha continues or not.
Childe: So you have no intention whatsoever of finding a solution to this problem?
Regrator: On the contrary, I'm the only one here who ever brings solutions.
Mironova: Childe opened by speaking up for the armed forces. Regrator struck back with style, and a war of words ensued!
Mironova: Our reporter was live on the scene to get the audience's reaction as it all unfolded: Who do you support?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I think Childe raised some issues that need addressing...
> Mironova: The people have spoken! Childe received raucous applause from the crowd as he pushed Regrator onto his back foot with a relentless barrage of questions. It had to be seen to be believed.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I think Regrator's rebuttal makes sense...
> Mironova: The people have spoken! Regrator delivered a deft rebuttal to Childe, as we've seen so many times before. Ah, but how could Childe take this lying down?

Vodyanitsa: Now you see why they don't have a sales permit.
Traveler: Hmm...
Traveler: (However this reporter wants to spin things, I haven't forgotten that Tartaglia was representing the Northland Bank when we first met in Liyue.)
Traveler: (So surely their relationship can't always have been this strained...)
Marionette: You two are getting off-topic. Let's focus on what the data is saying.
Arapov: Mr. Pantalone, may I speak on your behalf?
Regrator: Oh, please do. I'm more than happy to save my breath.
Arapov: Kristall distribution policy undergoes modifications with each new period, the ultimate goal being to find the most reasonable method of allocation, which I believe is what Mr. Tartaglia also seeks.
Arapov: But I fear many may have been misled on this topic by extremist activists. To clarify, Project Stuzha is not the root cause of the problem. It is merely a framework for resource distribution.
Arapov: The most recent reports all point to Snezhnaya's resilience and adaptability during this period of fine-tuning, and give clear indications that the distribution framework is improving with each iteration.
Arapov: To make drastic adjustments without first considering the risks would likely do more harm than good. It would be a waste of the hard-won experience we've gained to date.
Mironova: Renowned scholar of finance, Arapov spoke up to clarify the fiscal logic, clearly alluding to social organizations like the Rokot in his words.
Mironova: With the notorious Lelek still active to this day, should the Rokot be held responsible? No, there is someone else to blame!

Option 1:

> Traveler: Where did you get "Rokot" from?

Option 2:

> Traveler: And who is this "Lelek"?

Vodyanitsa: She's just rephrasing what Mr. Pantalone said. The Rokot are the critics he accuses of taking no responsibility for their actions.
Vodyanitsa: As for Lelek... You won't have heard of him yet. He's currently the most famous member of the Rokot... Well, more like infamous.
Vodyanitsa: Ending Project Stuzha has become an obsession for him. Unlike the more decent ones among us, he believes that votes in the Veche are all that matter.
Vodyanitsa: So whether it's threats, coercion, or bribery, he'll use whatever means necessary to get people to change their vote.
Traveler: Wow. There's more to the Rokot than I thought...
Mironova: And since we're already on the subject, what do you think of Lelek's methods? Are you for or against?

Option 1:

> Traveler: I can sympathize with him.
> Mironova: Yes, don't we all! Lelek's supporters grow in number by the day. We stand with Lelek!

Option 2:

> Traveler: Hard to say. I suspect there's more to his story.
> Mironova: Well, whatever the story is, his actions benefit us all. We stand with Lelek!

Option 3:

> Traveler: He seems a little extreme.
> Mironova: Despite a handful of detractors among the audience, the people overwhelmingly support Lelek. We stand with Lelek!

Childe: At least someone here wants to take this discussion seriously. I've been considering that issue myself — what you really need is more precise regional data, right?
Childe: I think it would be easiest to let the Fatui handle it. Since they're already in charge of Kristall shipments anyway, we may as well get them to collect some data while they're at it.
Childe: Whatever you need, you can ask the Fatui to look into it for you. In terms of supervision, I think the Druzhna would be a good fit. I had hoped to discuss this with Miss Vesna, but sadly she's not present.
Akvilina: I will be happy to take a note of your suggestions and present them to Commander Vesna for a decision upon her return.
Akvilina: The Commander has always taken a keen interest in Project Stuzha. However, given the Druzhna's demanding workload, I'm afraid it may prove difficult for them to provide any practical support.
The Rooster: Let us refrain from jumping to conclusions until a concrete and actionable plan is in place.
Akvilina: My apologies, Lord Rooster.
The Rooster: There are numerous issues to address here, including manpower, time-sensitivity, and reporting lines.
The Rooster: Nevertheless, I support drafting a proposal. Follow the usual procedure, and it can be raised as a new motion for all parties to evaluate at the appropriate time.
Sharova: In that case, I'd like to share one thought before the proposal is drafted. The issue of time-sensitivity was raised just now, which I presume relates to the official reports.
Sharova: In fact, the Energy Commission already collects regular statistics on each urban center and its surrounding area. Would these be of any use?
Marionette: That's a good idea. I read every issue of Svetloledovka's report, and although my focus is mostly on the section about equipment operation, the energy consumption statistics also yield a lot of insights.
The Rooster: Be that as it may, does no one see an issue with using local data to determine Kristall quotas? In the long-term, it seems like a very risky solution...
Regrator: Not if they are used purely for reference. So long as we have the report from the Northland Bank's headquarters to corroborate it, no one will be able to fool me.
The Rooster: Very well then. It appears that this arrangement is acceptable to all parties.
Childe: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Mironova: The members reached a provisional consensus on the issue of improving treatment for Fatui soldiers... *yawn*
Traveler: (You notice the reporter jot down a few words before suddenly crossing everything out and starting a fresh paragraph...)
Mironova: #Today, the prima donna of the Korolevskiy Troupe attended a session of the Snezhnograd Veche in the company of a dashing young man. The question on all of our minds is: What is the true nature of their relationship?
Vodyanitsa: Write anything like that again and I'm revoking your permission to interview the troupe, got it?
Black Screen Text: The remaining discussion covers everything from energy to healthcare, technology, and industry. All parties take the opportunity to express their stance on Project Stuzha.
Black Screen Text: You ignore Mironova as she carries on writing her sensationalist report. But after a while, you start to feel that reading the news from her might actually be more interesting than being here in person...
The Rooster: Now then, if there are no further contributions from those present, we shall proceed to the final vote.
Vodyanitsa: Hey, check it out!
Traveler: Is that... Chugunov?
Vodyanitsa: What made him vote against? Why now...?
The Rooster: The votes have been tallied. Those in favor of continuing Project Stuzha total sixty-one percent, securing a clear majority.
Childe: (That was too close... The margin has shrunk yet again. Chugunov was a huge loss...)
Marionette: (I'll bet Lelek is behind this... I wonder how Pulcinella will respond this time.)
Regrator: (Chugunov... I see. Lelek strikes again.)
Mironova: (Yes, go Lelek! Once Project Stuzha is defeated, our unwavering support at "Bring Out the Kvass!" will finally pay off when we make our comeback! Haha, I can taste our victory already!)
The Rooster: In accordance with the result of this vote, Project Stuzha will remain in effect until the next Veche period. Finally, may I remind us all:
The Rooster: "We debate only for the greater glory and solidarity of our nation. May the aurora shine ever on and the tundra always stand firm."
The Rooster: The session is concluded.

## Talk 13 (alternative/additional)

(Talk to Vodyanitsa)

Vodyanitsa: I have to say, I really wasn't expecting Chugunov to vote against Project Stuzha.
Traveler: Why? What's so strange about that?
Vodyanitsa: Well, in principle, Snezhnaya's business and political elites ought to be the ones least likely to oppose it.
Vodyanitsa: As we heard, Project Stuzha is basically just a resource distribution framework that requires everyone to cut back during the winter.
Vodyanitsa: But even if the policy got canceled, the Tsaritsa's energy needs wouldn't suddenly go down. The extra demand from the public would have to be filled from somewhere, so logically, the factories would have to take the hit.
Traveler: This explains a lot...
Vodyanitsa: I got a letter from Mr. Mitya just before today's session. He said he's confirmed that there are issues around overtime and excessive energy consumption at the Iskra Manufacturing Plant.
Vodyanitsa: In a situation like this, once The Rooster receives the report, he'll order the factory to halt production and submit to an investigation, before issuing a penalty.
Vodyanitsa: But that's a week-long process, and thus didn't make it onto the Veche agenda this time. I don't think he suspects anything so far.
Traveler: Got it, so for him it's a choice between reducing production and stopping entirely...
Vodyanitsa: Exactly. And as you know, he's a very selfish person.
Vodyanitsa: I was originally gonna try and flip him after he received notice of the official sanctions. My plan was to convince him that the whole thing was completely unfair.
Vodyanitsa: Rather than just sit back and take the hit while his factory stopped production, he'd be better off voting to end Project Stuzha. At least that way, no one else would be able to make any money either, because all the factories would suddenly have more limited energy to work with.
Vodyanitsa: But now, he's already voted against it... which means, someone must've used more forceful means to change his vote. Just like with everyone else who flipped.
Traveler: You mean, Lelek?
Vodyanitsa: Yeah. No one knows why Lelek is so obsessed with ending Project Stuzha, but by the looks of it, he's inching closer and closer to success.
Traveler: (Lelek must have strong motivations, given how he'll stop at nothing to achieve his goal. Maybe he knows the full truth of Project Stuzha.)
Traveler: (Maybe my next step should be to focus on him.)
Vodyanitsa: Alright, what're your plans for the rest of the day? Shall we head out?
Childe: Hey, comrade. I noticed you were here during the debate.
Marionette: I didn't take you for a political enthusiast.
Vodyanitsa: Greetings, Harbingers. I just happened to have some free time today, and my new friend here thought it might be fun to check out the Veche.
Childe: Ah, Odette must've introduced you. Haha, looks like you two are getting along pretty well.
Vodyanitsa: I'll leave you to catch up. I should head back to the troupe.
Marionette: Sure. Break a leg, and all that.
Marionette: #"Thought it might be fun to check out the Veche," did you? Heh, things are never that simple with you, Traveler. There's no way you're here for kicks and giggles. Tell me I'm wrong.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I learned an interesting tidbit today.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Some guy called "Lelek."

Childe: Oh, yeah. To some, he's a captivating enigma. To others, he's the bane of their existence.
Childe: No one ever thought that some anonymous nobody from the Rokot could cause such a stir.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I want to find out his true identity.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Is it okay if I start digging around?

Childe: Huh? You want to look into Lelek? Haha, then I'm sure his days of anonymity are numbered. What do you think, Sandrone?
Marionette: #Fine by me, I guess. If Traveler actually manages to expose Lelek, it'll be doing Pulcinella a favor.
Marionette: #In return, it seems fair to let him in on what we've learned so far.
Childe: My thoughts exactly. Sharing is caring, after all.
Childe: Head back to Glupov and grab the files on Lelek. It's easier to just pull the records than go through the rigmarole of getting the Traveler a visitor's permit.
Likhachev: As you command, Childe, Sir.
Marionette: In that case, since we're going to be waiting anyway, I'll have someone brew a pot of black tea.

## Talk 13

(Talk to Vodyanitsa)

Childe: One common thread among the many incidents Lelek has been involved in is that the victims are all too scared to share any real information about him. Clearly, he must have threatened them in some way.
Childe: His modus operandi is to silently infiltrate the scene and leave a threatening letter behind. But neither the letters nor the crime scenes ever yield any clues to his identity.
Childe: So all these files have to offer are short statements by the people affected. They don't give us a lot to go on.
Marionette: If nothing else, it shows we're dealing with a trained professional who's versed in counter-surveillance.
Childe: Yes, and to that point, he often strikes in highly secure locations. The victims are high-ranking and influential people who take their personal security very seriously.
Childe: Somehow, Lelek slips right into their rooms without making a sound. There's never any eye-witnesses, nor the slightest trace of a break-in.
Childe: If he can get in and out undetected, it means he can strike without warning... Not that that's ever happened so far. But the thought is enough to scare these people sleepless.
Childe: It's hard to believe that a human being could pull this off flawlessly every time, so they switched the focus of the investigation to fae. Unfortunately, no one's found anything yet.
Traveler: Are you saying even you couldn't pull it off?
Childe: Careful — don't underestimate me... Heh, although truth be told, I'd probably find it hard not to blow my cover. Direct confrontation is more my style.
Marionette: We haven't ruled out the possibility of Lelek being human. It's just, there can only be a handful of people in all of Teyvat who'd fit the profile. Fae, on the other hand — plenty would have the ability, but few would have the motive...

Option 1:

> Traveler: So it's someone as strong as Tartaglia...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And even more meticulous...

Childe: No, no, not as strong as me — you'll never find the culprit with criteria like that. Let's go with... "a little weaker than me."

Option 1:

> Traveler: ...Neuvillette?
> Childe: Argh, you hit me right where it hurts... I'll admit, he's strong and meticulous. But can we at least limit this to candidates who have something to do with Snezhnaya?

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...Skirk?
> Childe: There's no denying that master is strong, but meticulous? We can only hope...

Marionette: #He's just trying to find a reference point. Stop getting fixated on who's stronger than who.
Childe: But that's the most important thing! In my opinion, anyway.
Traveler: Alright, alright, let's take it down a notch or two.

Option 1:

> Traveler: How about Odette as a reference point?

Option 2:

> Traveler: She's someone we all know, and I've seen her in action.

Marionette: Odette? Yeah, that seems about right. Her skills are solid, and she's always calm under pressure.
Childe: Except she's Fatui, so the likelihood of her working against us is pretty low... But yeah, much more accurate than your previous example, at least.
Marionette: ...No, wait a moment. Maybe we should interrogate that assumption.
Childe: What do you mean? Which assumption?
Marionette: Her Fatui identity doesn't necessarily exonerate her. And when you think about it, the Rokot would be precisely what she needs to conceal her identity.
Childe: Hmm... plus, she wouldn't need to be such a pro at covering her tracks. She'd already know where the Fatui will be and when, so she could choose the perfect time to act...
Childe: Yikes. I was just thinking out loud... Why is this starting to sound like such a convincing theory?
Childe: Still... What reason could Odette possibly have for trying to call off Project Stuzha?
Marionette: Arlecchino would be the best person to ask — she knows Odette best. Unfortunately, she isn't back yet.
Traveler: Arlecchino?
Marionette: Rosalyne used to open up to her in private about her struggles with Odette.
Marionette: As I'm sure you can imagine, Arlecchino is quite a lot better with children than Rosalyne was.
Marionette: She gave her some tips on how to handle the situation, and Rosalyne managed to reach a settlement with Odette before leaving. So I suppose there were at least no lifelong regrets left behind.
Marionette: Beyond that, I don't know the details about that side of things. But I do know that Odette definitely has a motive to hold a grudge against Project Stuzha.
Marionette: The reason being, her father passed away during the early stages of the project.
Marionette: That was back before it'd been named Project Stuzha, when things were still being worked out. But in essence, it's remained the same ever since.
Childe: Huh, the more you know... Rosalyne was always so self-centered. I never understood why she started paying so much attention to Odette.
Traveler: Oh, even you didn't know about this?
Childe: Hah, is that such a surprise? If you cast your mind back, you may remember that Rosalyne and I weren't exactly close... We had tea together a few times, but that was about it.
Marionette: Odette's past is no secret. Her father was a Fatuus, and her mother was a very famous ballerina.
Marionette: On the surface, it looks like she followed right in her parents' footsteps... But the truth is quite a different story.
Marionette: After her father passed away on a mission, her mother was overcome with grief. She broke her leg during a performance and could never dance again.
Marionette: Odette was only interested in ballet at the time, but this tragedy left the family with both breadwinners gone. They could barely make ends meet...
Marionette: Per Capitano's policy, family members of Fatui who died in the line of duty had to be appropriately accommodated and provided with adequate assistance.
Marionette: So, regardless of how Rosalyne may have felt about it, it fell to her to resolve the issue of Odette's family's livelihood. In the end, the solution they agreed upon was to have Odette join the Fatui.
Childe: Right, because the alternative would have been a one-off compensation payment, I guess? In that sense, joining up was definitely the better option.
Childe: Still... She must have had mixed feelings about it, right? If she doesn't even like the Fatui...
Marionette: It's just a theory. A possibility. But as a motive for Odette to become Lelek, it holds up.
Marionette: That said, I have no idea where Odette's head is at right now, or what her conflict with Rosalyne was about.
Marionette: Plenty of people were on bad terms with Rosalyne. I have no intention of trying to figure it all out.
Traveler: So Signora actually wanted to mend her relationship with Odette...
Marionette: Yes, but there's not much point in discussing that now.
Childe: Yeah, back to Lelek. Since our investigations so far have turned up next to nothing, we've got nothing to lose by trying a new angle.
Childe: Funnily enough, Tonia and I had actually made plans to go to the theater tomorrow to watch Odette's rehearsal. Unfortunately, thanks to this Lelek situation, I'll be stuck working overtime again.
Childe: Which means you can go in my place. No point wasting the ticket, plus you'll get to meet Tonia.
Traveler: What's the rehearsal for?
Marionette: "Spirit Seeker," quite the classic ballet. It was passed down through Odette's mother's family for generations, though it hasn't been performed in years.
Marionette: But Odette's been practicing it diligently, and it's finally ready for a return to the stage. Excitement is through the roof. Tickets for the official performance sold out long ago.
Childe: Tonia's excited for it too. She's desperate to see it, no matter what. Personally, it's not really my kind of thing, but since she's my little sister, I had to figure something out.
Marionette: I've actually seen it several times before. The story's pretty straightforward: The lead character follows a trail of clues left behind by a spirit, gradually recovering her memories along the way.
Marionette: It's a tale of love and regret — so not exactly reinventing the wheel, at least by today's standards...
Marionette: But when that classic melody kicks in and the lead character begins to dance, it always gets me. It really is beautiful.
Marionette: Not an easy dance to do justice to, though. I know it's always been Odette's dream to perform this piece, but I'm not sure she's really ready.
Childe: ...In that case, I think that even if she is Lelek, we should wait until her performance is over before we respond.
Childe: I'll let you take it from here, comrade.

## Talk 14

(Return to Podvorye Restaurant)

Paimon: Sounds like you made a ton of progress today! Hehe, it's good that everything's going so smoothly.
Paimon: Next step is to head back to the theater and get a clear answer from Odette.

Option 1:

> Traveler: It could be easier said than done...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Even if she's the one, she won't necessarily admit it.

Paimon: Either way, Paimon doesn't get the sense that she's a bad person. Sure, she might have done some pretty extreme things, but Paimon bets she has her reasons.
Paimon: Maybe this is going too far, but like... With everything she's managed to do so far, wouldn't it make more sense in theory to be even more... y'know, heavy-handed?
Paimon: Why leave a letter when she could... um... well, we know there are plenty of other ways to keep people in line, right? The point is, she could've gone further, but she didn't.
Paimon: So if it is her, she's got some principles, at least.
Traveler: I want to believe in her, too.
Paimon: Yeah... Well, all you can do is follow the facts wherever they lead.
Traveler: How are you feeling today?
Paimon: No change, really. But that thing Paimon told you about yesterday... Paimon feels like she can sense it more clearly now.
Paimon: *sigh* Hearing you talk about your day makes Paimon itch for an adventure! If only she could be there with you so we could experience it all together...
Traveler: Yeah, I wish you could be there too. I'm not used to adventuring alone. But don't worry, we'll get to the bottom of this.
Paimon: Hehe, guess it's just one of those things. Never mind — Paimon will behave herself and keep resting!
Traveler: (If Odette is Lelek, she may well have inside information on Project Stuzha...)
Traveler: (Her father was involved with the project's early implementation and tragically died in the process. Now, she's dedicated herself to bringing it to an end...)
Traveler: (It's hard to imagine she could have gotten this far without knowing anything at all about the Tsaritsa's true intentions.)
Traveler: (When she spoke to us as a member of the Fatui... how much did she let on, and how much was she hiding?)
Traveler: (...Only time will tell. Maybe tomorrow, everything will be answered.)
Paimon: Hey look, it's snowing... Could be a tough day ahead. Make sure you wrap up warm tomorrow!

## Associated Free Talks

*Free talks linked to this quest by talk id.*

Traveler: (Alyosha replied. He says that we won't be able to speak at the Veche, but he can arrange for us to attend as visitors.)
Traveler: (Time to get ready... then head to the Snezhnograd Veche.)