# Missing title (3718564215)

Unknown Role (None): Ohoho! So this is the rumored sacred land that people name the Furball Fortress! And yet it is furnished in such a prosaic manner — shabby, one might even call it.

Unknown Role (None): Surely a few... swings woven from the vines of purple agate grapes might be built! Pure silver lamps mounted with candles made of abyssal sea salt, all the better to light the cat-feeding platters with the motifs of nightborne stars!

Unknown Role (None): And... Yes, statues! Forged in the image of cat familiars by melting the venerable coinage of lost dynasties and adorning them with strange pearls and dewdrops from the depths of a fjord. Surely, this would make for an amenable choice!

Unknown Role (None): You surely must agree, do you not, dear familiar...

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmm. You have yet to declare your name to your Prinzessin. Think on that, then, and know that it shall be your utmost honor to be known to her!

Unknown Role (None): Meow?

Unknown Role (None): His name is "Dopey," esteemed Prinzessin!

Unknown Role (None): Dopey isn't the brightest, and he can't really understand or appreciate your exquisite choice of words. Please, show him clemency, Prinzessin...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, wait, no, that's not right! Why does Paimon get like this whenever she sees Fischl?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing wrong with that, let me give it a whirl too!

Unknown Role (None): I, the Great Cat Conjuror, sincerely pay my humble respects!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, as I anticipated! Cat Conjurors, thou hath once more been brought before our august person by the weavings of the threads of fate...

Unknown Role (None): 'Tis a most pleasing reunion!

Unknown Role (None): What a title... Looks like Fischl heard about us from Valerina!

Unknown Role (None): By your counsel, much thought have I given of late within Immernachtreich to realize the ingenuities obtained from prior experiences, and...

Unknown Role (None): I have decided to select the most sagacious and sensible of cat familiars to accompany my eminent person on my sojourns!

Unknown Role (None): Meow~

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you were also planning on taking care of a cat, Fischl? Well, understandable. Most people want to have their own after seeing just so how adorable they are!

Unknown Role (None): But Fischl, don't you already have Oz?

Unknown Role (None): And the two of you tend to move really fast, can a cat keep up? Or... Are you gonna have Oz fly while carrying the cat?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, often traverse three thousand universes. Though such a journey may not be long, having more suitable companions and gaining insight into things easily overlooked... naturally wouldn't hurt.

Unknown Role (None): Oz also would like to have a cat familiar to play... *cough* Ahem, to join forces with to guarantee that my mood shall shine bright as moonlight every second of every day!

Unknown Role (None): Yet, 'tis a shame that though Oz went to great pains to don a form that sets most at ease, he could not diminish his majesty fully, and could not approach the cat familiars.

Unknown Role (None): Whenever dear Oz gets within five paces of a cat familiar, their fur shall inadvertently stand on end and inflate like a Bloatty Floatty unmoored. Any closer, and terror overtakes them, and they flee for the hills.

Unknown Role (None): The Anemo Archon's devoted and loyal nuns recommended that Oz repose without, and as their advice was sound, I graciously assented.

Unknown Role (None): Majesty? Oh, right, Paimon gets it...

Unknown Role (None): You mean that Oz's body has so much Electro energy that the second he enters the Furball Fortress, all the feline fur gets electri-fried, right?

Unknown Role (None): But if that's true, then how could a cat ever travel with you, Fischl...?

Unknown Role (None): If only there was some material in Teyvat that could block the effects of Electro!

Unknown Role (None): Then we could make cat clothes out of that material, and then a cat could travel with you and Oz, no problem!

Unknown Role (None): Meow?

Unknown Role (None): Gimme! Give it to me first!

Unknown Role (None): Those Electro Slimes will be no match once I have donned this panoply of war!

Unknown Role (None): But now that Paimon thinks about it, elemental power is super-duper-mega strong! If there was a material that could just easily resist something as powerful as the elements... That would be too good to be true!

Unknown Role (None): We probably shouldn't stand around daydreaming!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, the naivete! Do not jump to judge a cat familiar's talents through common sense! The semantic resources of mere mortal words struggle to accurately convey their properties.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps somewhere in this world there exists a cat familiar that can... dive deep into the depths, endure in an inferno, and ride upon the wind! Such a special entity would surely have no fear of thunder or lightning.

Unknown Role (None): So long as I am patient in my search, I shall find it — forsooth, even if I should seek for ten years or a hundred, it shall be but a fleeting instant in the Immernachtreich!

Unknown Role (None): Additionally, the devotion to one's development in life is as important as the innate nature one is born with. I see this "Dopey" has immense potential. Perhaps after joining my retinue for a spell, it will become all the more familiar with the power of Electro!

Unknown Role (None): By happenstance, I, the Prinzessin, have disentangled a million myriad menial affairs, thus allowing myself a tincture of time to spare. Perhaps, then, it shall not hurt, endeavoring to stay here and familiarize myself with these cat familiars... particularly this "Dopey"!

Unknown Role (None): Meow!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! Then Paimon hopes you'll have fun here in the Furball Fortress, Fischl!