# Missing title (3799081631)

Unknown Role (None): Me... Meow?

Unknown Role (None): Is this really how cats greet one another? I wonder if my pronunciation's on point...?

Unknown Role (None): Meow?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like "Snowball" didn't understand even a whisker.

Unknown Role (None): Mona, are you trying to speak "Cat"...?

Unknown Role (None): Professor Megistus, that is not how you pronounce it.

Unknown Role (None): Try roaring at it, like, "RAWR"!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! "Rawr" sounds more like tigers or lions! That's a good way to frighten a kitty and turn it into a scaredy-cat!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon! So the rumors were true — you really are working at the Furball Fortress!

Unknown Role (None): "Working" probably isn't the right word. We're helping Valerina and Rosaria out, so we're more like... consultants!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's it! Being called a "consultant" sounds really impressive, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): By the way, Great Astrologer Mona, are you looking to adopt a cat to assist you in your astronomical observations?

Unknown Role (None): Based on my understanding of astrology, it shouldn't be too hard to teach a cat to read the various aspects of the stars. I might even... teach one to help me write manuscripts...?

Unknown Role (None): (Steals a peek at Snowball)

Unknown Role (None): (Boldly stares straight at Snowball)

Unknown Role (None): Meow!

Unknown Role (None): *cough* On second thought, maybe not. One who can only read the stars but is ill-versed at stringing words together would not suffice to convey my illuminating insights.

Unknown Role (None): If I really needed an assistant, it would be better to just take a trip to Fontaine and recruit some staff member from The Steambird or find a Melusine who can use a typewriter and bring them back to Mondstadt...

Unknown Role (None): Were I to really adopt a cat, at most it would be to play with it a bit, to relax and relieve the stress from the exhaustion of academic inquiry.

Unknown Role (None): One mustn't be a bad owner. When you get tired, it would be best if the cat is tired enough for a cat nap as well.

Unknown Role (None): Before I set foot in here, I never imagined hanging out with cats would be such a joy... Ah, how wonderful life would be if we could always be happy like this!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, looks like you're going to be a really conscientious owner! Guess this cat's gonna be in fine hands!

Unknown Role (None): But I've also heard that some cats can be quite rambunctious. Always jumping around, biting, and clawing the furniture...

Unknown Role (None): Imagine my manuscripts or astrology tomes, ruined by feline canines — that'd be troublesome indeed!

Unknown Role (None): Making a snack out of precious books... Paimon can barely imagine something so terrifying!

Unknown Role (None): "Snowball" looks quite well-behaved, but seems not to comprehend my meaning... Perhaps we lack that special connection.

Unknown Role (None): So I would like to observe a bit more — you know, keep an eye out for obedient cats.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and I must calculate the cost of a cat bed, cat food, and other expenses. Not too luxurious, but also not so shabby. Wouldn't do to submit the cat to hardship.

Unknown Role (None): It's okay, take your time.

Unknown Role (None): There are many more furry felines in this fortress.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, Valerina said that she'll adopt even more strays in the future, so even if no cats catch your eye today, you can always come back often to play and have a look!

Unknown Role (None): Meow~