# Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot!

Unknown Role (None): Meeoww.

Unknown Role (None): Awww, that's a good kitty, Sir Pouncelot!

Unknown Role (None): You better be on your best behavior from now on, okay? Don't go causing trouble now. Hehe, Paimon knows you're a sweet, happy little cat. You'll get along with everyone just fine.

Unknown Role (None): He's so adorable! I just wanna scratch his head and pinch his little cheeks!

Unknown Role (None): He does have a certain endearing quality about him... when he's not causing trouble, that is. Hmm, I wonder how he got that injury around his eye...

Unknown Role (None): The traces of the restorative potion indicate that Sir Pouncelot should be in the vicinity.

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, it's Traveler, Paimon, and Sister Rosaria... Ah, and you must be an adventurer. I don't believe we've met...

Unknown Role (None): It appears Sir Pouncelot has taken quite the liking to you.

Unknown Role (None): Albedo! It's been such a long time! It's super great to see you! But... are you sure you're in the right place?

Unknown Role (None): I'm assuming the Captain of the Investigation Team is here for some important reason?

Unknown Role (None): C—Captain? He's a captain of the Knights of Favonius? An important officer just showed up without warning... and I don't even have any refreshments or snacks to offer!

Unknown Role (None): Please, allow me to explain, Sir. I assure you this shelter is operating under a legitimate business license! All proper procedures have been followed...

Unknown Role (None): Assuming that Albedo has arrived to investigate her business, Valerina frantically searches for the relevant documents while explaining the purpose of the shelter...
 Valerina appears intimidated by the identity of the visitor, unaware that the Investigation Team doesn't handle such inspections...

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to worry. I was simply in the area helping my team address a small issue... Namely, the location of this cat right here.

Unknown Role (None): Not too long ago, "Interim Team Feline: Treatment Case No. 3 — Sir Pouncelot" knocked out the weapons officer who was watching over him. He then fled and disappeared into the city.

Unknown Role (None): We knew we had to recover him as fast as possible. The cat belongs to the Investigation Team, and even bears the insignia of the Knights of Favonius. If he were to wreak havoc across the city... Well, that would hardly be a welcome result for any party involved.

Unknown Role (None): *whimper*...

Unknown Role (None): So, he actually belongs to the Investigation Team?

Unknown Role (None): That would explain the Knights of Favonius symbol...

Unknown Role (None): You're saying Sir Pouncelot is capable of knocking out a knight? And what's with all those official sounding titles you added to his name? Interim... Treatment case something or other... Is there something else you're not telling us?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, well, I suppose I should explain. Two months ago, Sir Pouncelot got lost in the wild and accidentally ingested Whopperflower Nectar. Due to certain effects that are not entirely understood as of yet, the nectar caused him to triple in size.

Unknown Role (None): Triple! Even regular-sized cats can get pretty bold when they're upset... A cat triple the size... Paimon bets even a Hilichurl wouldn't be enough to scare off a cat like that!

Unknown Role (None): So that's what happened. No wonder he was so anxious.

Unknown Role (None): For cats... or really any animal that lives in the wild, a larger size doesn't exactly confer many advantages. What it actually does is make their appearance more noticeable and their movements less nimble.

Unknown Role (None): Which, in turn, means living in perpetual danger of exposing themselves to attacks from predators. In other words, it means living in a constant state of fear...

Unknown Role (None): Exactly. When Sir Pouncelot stumbled upon our encampment, he looked quite worse for wear. His entire body was riddled with scars and he appeared exceptionally anxious.

Unknown Role (None): Th—That's awful... I guess he had a good reason for all that swatting earlier, then... If all that had happened to me, I would be afraid of new people and strange animals too...

Unknown Role (None): You don't need to worry too much. The problem has already been solved. I administered a restorative potion to eliminate the alchemical effects of the Whopperflower Nectar, and help him return to a normal size.

Unknown Role (None): Although he still might appear a bit larger than the average cat, his current size, at least, should pose no more threat to his quality of life. While in our care, various knights have been taking turns watching over him.

Unknown Role (None): In light of his feisty demeanor, Klee decided to call him "Sir Pouncelot." We all thought it was quite fitting. We even made him that little scarf as a testament to his time among our ranks.

Unknown Role (None): Woah, Klee and Paimon were totally on the same wavelength with this one! We thought of the exact same name! Great minds really do think alike, hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Meow~

Unknown Role (None): Sir Pouncelot's extreme level of anxiety and caution around people may be a result of residual trauma from the time of his transformation. You could say he was less than friendly towards the weapons and signals officers on our team. Klee wasn't around that much to entertain him either.

Unknown Role (None): However, it appears Sir Pouncelot has taken quite the liking to you. The knights on my team would never have imagined that he could warm up to people like this.

Unknown Role (None): Well, they are our dear cat saviors, after all — The famed Honorary Knight and Paimon the Cat Whisperer!

Unknown Role (None): #No matter how feisty or frightening the cat, after a few minutes with Traveler and Paimon, they'll be sweet as can be!

Unknown Role (None): If that's the case, then I have a question for you both. Would you be willing to adopt Sir Pouncelot?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, really? But, doesn't he belong to your team?

Unknown Role (None): Well, we did take him in, but it was simply out of necessity. We were always planning to find him a permanent home after his condition became more stable.

Unknown Role (None): The Investigation Team is no place for a pet, and we are a combat unit, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Any knight he got close to would have to go on assignment eventually. It's hardly appropriate to just leave him at camp, and bringing him on our missions would only frighten him further.

Unknown Role (None): All good points.

Unknown Role (None): He's been through quite the ordeal already. For a creature like that, it's best to keep him away from potential triggers. That way, he can slowly recover in peace...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, we could set up a nice, cozy little home for him in the Serenitea Pot. It has everything he could want! And most importantly... no monsters!

Unknown Role (None): Meeoww!

Unknown Role (None): Great! Welcome to the family, Sir Pouncelot!

Unknown Role (None): Awesome! You've got a new home now, Sir Pouncelot!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much, Albedo!

Unknown Role (None): No need to thank me! If you find yourselves with some time on your hands, maybe you can bring him by the encampment some time. I'm sure my fellow knights would love a chance to see his calmer side.

Unknown Role (None): Th—That was so touching! I can't believe I got to witness such a special moment! I do believe this counts as the Furball Fortress' first successful adoption!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, my veil is not a handkerchief...

Unknown Role (None): It appears you enjoy interacting with small animals, Sister Rosaria. I must admit, I find that a bit surprising...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can also sense that you're an animal lover, Rosaria! You definitely have a way with cats — you just haven't realized it yet. After all, it's not a side of you that comes out very often.

Unknown Role (None): Snowball warmed up to you right from the start! And you were the one that helped Sir Pouncelot calm down back there!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh... I didn't really do anything though. I was just... there.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I've got it! I've learned so many useful tips from our dear cat saviors recently!

Unknown Role (None): I've decided to extend the shelter's trial period for a bit in order to go over what I've learned. With some effort, I hope I can be a cat whisperer too one day. For now, though, I'll settle for cat whisperer... in training, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): When I open for good, what do you say we run the shelter together, Miss Rosaria? With the two of us, we could rescue every stray in Mondstadt!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, the sister and the whisperer working together... Almost sounds like it was meant to be, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, well... This errand hasn't proved to be too troublesome. It's light on work and stress. I suppose... I wouldn't be opposed to your suggestion.

Unknown Role (None): I don't know much about rescuing stray animals, but this seems to be quite the milestone. Allow me to offer my congratulations.

Unknown Role (None): If my fellow knights run into any strays, I'll be sure to tell them to send them your way.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, thank you, thank you! I really can't thank you all enough for your support! Don't worry, there's a generous reward in store for each and every one of you!

Unknown Role (None): The trial phase of the Furball Fortress could not have been more successful! When we open for good, you all simply must come to the opening ceremony. We'll cut the ribbon together!

Unknown Role (None): Now that's what Paimon calls a successful commission! Rewarding in more ways than one — Mora, a sense of accomplishment, and, of course, our special friend, Sir Pouncelot! Talk about a win win win!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can't wait for the Furball Fortress to open for good!

Unknown Role (None): Meow!