# Missing title (1841739871)

Unknown Role (None): Meow, meow meow—meooooow~~

Unknown Role (None): Meow! Meow meow meow!

Unknown Role (None): Hmmm... Both Bunny and Amber have a point...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so that's it...

Unknown Role (None): A most astute observation.

Unknown Role (None): Hold on, I'm a bit lost.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, Paimon doesn't really get it either, but she can tell that Amber and Bunny have reached an understanding!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon! You're here! I was just thinking about going to look for you!

Unknown Role (None): I've already heard all about how you're helping Valerina with the Furball Fortress!

Unknown Role (None): #That's Traveler and Paimon for you! The second you're back in Mondstadt, you're already being such a huge help!

Unknown Role (None): I, the Honorary Knight, will fulfill my mission, no matter its nature.

Unknown Role (None): The defense of the cats of Mondstadt is one of my many responsibilities.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, what were you and Bunny discussing just now? You seemed to be having a really fun conversation.

Unknown Role (None): Meow, meow meow?

Unknown Role (None): Oh! I was just asking Bunny about the weather, and whether or not it would rain.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Do cats know that kind of thing?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Lisa said something about that!

Unknown Role (None): According to a book she read, cats are very sensitive to humidity, and don't like the feeling of being wet.

Unknown Role (None): So, if they notice a sudden increase in the humidity, they'll start nervously pawing their faces and licking their fur.

Unknown Role (None): Once a cat does something like that, it's a sign that a large rainstorm is likely on its way.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, Paimon had no idea, that's so cool! Guess we just learned something amazing by accident!

Unknown Role (None): #In that case, Traveler, let's pay more attention to cats during our travels! That way, we won't... keep getting soaked by huge downpours from those big black clouds!

Unknown Role (None): I suppose we'll have to pay more attention going forward.

Unknown Role (None): Since when haven't I paid close attention to cute kitties?

Unknown Role (None): I originally came here to ask Valerina about something.

Unknown Role (None): But just as I was talking to her, this little kitty snuggled up close to me and yawned so loudly! It was just too cute!

Unknown Role (None): Since she was so affectionate towards me, then... Well, then I need to show how friendly I am, too!

Unknown Role (None): That's when I remembered what Lisa told me, so I went ahead and asked Bunny about the weather.

Unknown Role (None): But she responded by rubbing her face, then wagging her tail, then lying on the ground snuggling against my hand...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* So is it actually going to rain or not over the next few days...?