# Honorary Knight's Notes on Mixology

Hertha: Hello there, Honorary Knight and the Helper in White!

Glenfidia: It's so nice to meet you, Honorary Knight and Lady Paimon. Glenfidia, at your service.

Paimon: Looks like you're in a good mood, Hertha! And nice to meet you, Glenfidia!

Paimon: By the looks of things, you're about ready to open?

Hertha: Indeed! Thanks to some help from the Angel's Share and The Cat's Tail, our drinks stand is ready to go.

Hertha: Besides all the classics, we also mix cocktails to order and are currently offering a limited-time delivery service...

Paimon: Cocktails?

Paimon: Do you remember that time we served as bartenders at the Angel's Share? And recently you've also shown off your skills at The Flagship in Nod-Krai... We sure have come a long way, huh?

Traveler: Wow, that really was a long time ago.

Traveler: When exactly was that? I can barely remember now...

Hertha: The only thing is... Our current drink selection is quite traditional, and it stopped feeling fresh long before the expedition began. To offer everyone some more exciting choices, we're planning to revamp our menu.

Hertha: But I need to get back to handling resident requests, and Glenfidia doesn't have much experience mixing drinks. Plus, we've got a whole bunch of outstanding delivery orders on hand...

Hertha: Honorary Knight, if you're free, could you maybe... help us out for a while? Just until my other squad gets back from the Stormbearer Mountains.

Glenfidia: You'll be amply compensated, of course, plus double pay for overtime — depending on your performance metrics!

Traveler: I'm no rookie when it comes to mixing cocktails, that's for sure.

Traveler: You can leave the whole bar in my hands!

Paimon: Paimon's not sure what "performance metrics" are, but she's happy to help with deliveries!

Paimon: As the best guide in Teyvat, Paimon needs to keep up with the changing times. Besides, this'll give her the chance to explore the city and stay up to date with all the recent goings on!

Hertha: Haha, working with you two is always such a breeze!

Glenfidia: I'll do my best to support Lady Paimon in any way I can. I'm very skilled when it comes to things like portioning out drinks.

Paimon: Alright — well if you're ready too, then let's get to work!