# Gliding Challenge: New Heights

Amber: #Hey there, Traveler, Paimon!
Amber: Let me introduce our new colleague — this is Eija, Signals Officer for the 7th Company. And this is her able assistant, Vesper.
Eija: Pleased to make your acquaintance, Honorary Knight and the Helper in White. It's an honor to meet you.
Eija: Say hello, Vesper.
Vesper: Shrawrr!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Another Signals Officer?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: I've never heard of this position...
Paimon: Whoa, this falcon is so well-behaved! It looks like it's wearing armor, and it's even carrying a tiny bag!
Paimon: Hold on a second, Paimon's confused... What did Amber mean when she said "performance"?
Paimon: Does this have something to do with Miss Eija and Vesper?
Amber: Haha, let me explain.
Amber: Master Jean probably told you we're holding a wind glider speed shooting event, am I right? That's a very simple way of explaining it...
Amber: In reality, it might be a little different from your expectations. This event is more like a "flying performance and instruction challenge."
Amber: The crux of this event isn't gliding with a wind glider, it's about sending signals from the ground to airborne units — like Vesper — so we can instruct them to perform complex maneuvers and defeat monsters — represented by targets, naturally...
Amber: It should be a novel experience — a pleasant little surprise.
Vesper: Shrawrr!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: So we're not gliding, we're guiding?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: So we just sit at the back and send signals?
Eija: That's right! This flying challenge is a technical demonstration. Our goal is to showcase the new direction we're taking to develop the Knights' reconnaissance capabilities to our colleagues.
Eija: Amber may be able to accurately detect enemy movements and make concise records while gliding... But that's not a skill that every knight can aspire to.
Eija: The goal for Vesper and me is to write a comprehensive set of instructions so that ordinary knights can coordinate with well-trained Mondstadt falcons and form a pair of "eyes in the sky."
Eija: That way, even without strong Outriders, we can gather intelligence over sustained periods and ensure steady progress when advancing.
Eija: In fact, with the innovative forward-facing weaponry that Vesper is equipped with, some of the weaker airborne monsters we encounter can be eliminated in advance.
Paimon: Wow, very impressive! You sound just like an engineer!
Amber: Relax, Eija. There's no need to be so serious around these two — you're not talking to Commander Frederica.
Amber: Just think of it as playing with a new animal friend. The most important thing is to have fun!
Eija: Sorry, Amber, I'm just really eager to get underway. Vesper and I have been training hard for this demonstration.
Eija: If we can get your approval, Honorary Knight and the Helper in White, it'll mean our instructions are basically good to go — then we can polish them up a little and put them into practice!
Eija: Of course, you might encounter a few... mechanical malfunctions during the demonstration. We've been training pretty intensely and may have ended up wearing out some of the components.
Eija: Once the replacement components are all ready, we'll swap everything out. Don't worry, we'll make sure Vesper's backpack works perfectly in the field!
Vesper: Shrawrr!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: I'll be strict, but I won't be harsh.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Don't worry, I'm not here to nitpick.
Paimon: Then Paimon's gonna give it a proper go too!
Amber: Hehe, sounds like all four of you are bursting to go! Well then, have fun!