# A Special Blend, A Timeless Masterpiece

Paimon: #Hey there, Traveler! All wrapped up for the day?

Paimon: Paimon hears you did a great job holding down the fort while she was out delivering drinks with Glenfidia!

Traveler: I've been feeling inspired!

Traveler: I got some great ideas from chatting with everyone!

Varka: ...Whatever the reason, the Honorary Knight is clearly one of the most talented mixologists in Mondstadt.

Varka: #Considering how short a time he's been doing this, I believe that someday, he has the potential to give the legendary bartender at The Cat's Tail a run for her money.

Glenfidia: I fully support your decision, Grand Master. The Honorary Knight has really put in the hard yards.

Glenfidia: The drinks stand will remain open for a little while longer to provide a proper welcome to our returning expedition members. Then, once we locate suitable premises, we also plan to look at operating a permanent service...

Paimon: Hooray! Everyone in the Knights of Favonius will get to drink all the delicious cocktails they like!

Varka: Nothing short of what I'd expect from a true disciple of Hertha. You've really considered this thoroughly, Glenfidia!

Glenfidia: Also, if I may, Honorary Knight, regarding the special cocktails you've developed... Would you mind leaving the recipes with us? We'd like to add them to the official menu.

Traveler: Of course! That way, everyone can try them!

Traveler: It would be selfish not to!

Paimon: Hmm... Paimon feels like there's something you still want to say... Let Paimon have a guess...

Paimon: Based on your personality, you probably want... to introduce the origin of each different cocktail!

Paimon: That way, customers will know who inspired you to create these amazing drinks!

Traveler: Right on the Mora! You know me so well, Paimon!

Traveler: I think that's what everyone would want, right?

Glenfidia: No problem at all! If you need, I can even have someone draft the paperwork on your behalf to secure you the rights to these new recipes.

Varka: Haha, I hope when we recruit some new bartenders, they'll be able to learn from your incredible skills...

Varka: Even if they can't quite match your work, if they can be two-thirds as good, that would still make them industry leaders!