# Missing title (381921575)

Hedwig: Still feel like it could've gone a bit further... The Acting Grand Master's sword pressure could've felt more imposing. Ideally, it would've felt as if a single slash could split a mountain in two, then it would truly live up to her name, the Lionfang Knight!

Kaeya: From a morale standpoint, I agree. But in terms of presentation, I'd say the current level of artistic refinement is already more than enough.

Horken: When she agreed to let us put her image into the mini-game, I doubt she expected us to go this over the top.

Paimon: Hey! What are you two chatting about?

Kaeya: Oh, perfect timing! Honorary Knight, Paimon, want to try out the Cavalry Company's "Knightly Play"?

Traveler: Why does it have "knightly" in the name?

Traveler: How's it different from a normal play?

Hedwig: Basically, it's a kind of live combat experience, mixing Mondstadt-style costumes and sets with Fontaine's film tech.

Hedwig: Once you step onto the set, you'll fight powerful enemies and get a taste of that larger-than-life heroism you hear about in stories.

Hedwig: As for the "knightly" part, in battle, once your faith reaches a certain point, you can summon a shadow of the Lionfang Knight.

Hedwig: This will allow you to use "Dandelion Sword Pressure" to send waves of wind sweeping across the battlefield, felling evil foes like leaves scattering before a storm!

Paimon: Huh? The Lionfang Knight... Isn't that Jean...?

Paimon: It sounds like you two really look up to her.

Kaeya: Haha, indeed. This project was originally meant to be a simple opportunity for friendly sparring. Returning knights need a chance to relax, but if they don't practice, they'll soon lose their edge in battle.

Kaeya: But then Hedwig came up with the idea of adding "The Shadow of the Lionfang Knight" to spice things up a little bit. I thought it sounded fun, so I helped put in a few words from the sidelines.

Hedwig: We really owe it to Captain Kaeya... The expedition's been away so long, I just wanted everyone to see how much stronger the Acting Grand Master has become.

Hedwig: Her administrative skills are flawless, and her combat skills have reached heights us regular knights can only dream of.

Paimon: Wow, that's so thoughtful of you, Hedwig!

Paimon: Paimon's super curious to know what "Dandelion Sword Pressure" looks like!

Traveler: Paimon and I want to try out this play!

Traveler: Let's witness the "Shadow of the Lionfang Knight" in action!

Horken: I feel relieved knowing you two are here in the audience for our Knightly Play. If you'll just follow me over here...

Kaeya: I hope you enjoy the interactive performance!