# The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* What am I to do...

Unknown Role (None): Something the matter?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so it's you, Traveler... It's nothing, just a small problem.

Unknown Role (None): This Treasure-Seeking Seelie has suddenly stopped paying any attention to me, so I'm in a bit of a fix...

Unknown Role (None): You... can speak to Seelie?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I wouldn't call it speaking. That would be exaggerating. We are, ultimately, the guide and the guided.

Unknown Role (None): I picked this fellow up inside a ruin. It was trapped at that time — took me quite a bit of effort to extricate it, too.

Unknown Role (None): I guess it must have wanted to thank me... After that, it would sometimes lead me to find some treasure.

Unknown Role (None): I actually made quite the pile with its help...

Unknown Role (None): But for whatever reason, the Seelie's stopped paying me any mind as of late.

Unknown Role (None): If you ask me... I think it's looking for a new partner.

Unknown Role (None): I daren't give it away carelessly, but I can't find any reliable hands to team up with at short notice, either...

Unknown Role (None): You could look for your companions.

Unknown Role (None): Companions? Hah! Bunch of greedy churls, they are. I wouldn't trust them as far as I could throw them, to say nothing of working with them.

Unknown Role (None): If I didn't need the extra information and leads, I'd have left them a long time ago...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... How about this, then? What would you say to working with me, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): I'm no expert in Seelie communications...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, it doesn't matter! The way I see it, this Treasure-Seeking Seelie took a real shine to you the moment it saw you.

Unknown Role (None): It didn't react at all when it saw those "companions" of mine, let me tell you that...

Unknown Role (None): So, how about it? What say we team up and earn ourselves a pretty sum?

Unknown Role (None): I'll... give it a go.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, great! Partners, then!

Unknown Role (None): Come, take this Treasure-Seeking Seelie — you're partners in the venture too, after all!

Unknown Role (None): So, about this "treasure-seeking" business...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes, it almost slipped my mind. Hmm, let me think... Well, this Treasure-Seeking Seelie is different from other Seelie...

Unknown Role (None): It won't lead you to the spot where treasure is hidden, but it will give you hints as to whether treasure is nearby or far away.

Unknown Role (None): Basically, it'll twinkle, see?

Unknown Role (None): Also, this fellow isn't all that fond of popping out most of the time, so you'll have to wake it up from time to time.

Unknown Role (None): Once it's awake, it will guide you. But it doesn't stay out for very long, so you're going to have to focus.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right. When you go treasure hunting with it, you might also encounter some *Iron Coins* to go with your loot.

Unknown Role (None): Most merchants won't take this ancient currency, but you can give them to me instead. I have my uses for them.

Unknown Role (None): You can trade them in with me for suitable rewards, too.

Unknown Role (None): As for the size of that reward... Well, that will depend on the amount of Iron Coins you have on you.

Unknown Role (None): And lastly, this book is for you. The locations marked out in this book most certainly have treasure — this is based on information that I've spent much time gathering.

Unknown Role (None): Unfortunately, the Treasure-Seeking Seelie stopped listening to me before I could find these treasures.

Unknown Role (None): So I suppose I can only rely on you now... Happy hunting!