# Come Try Genius Invokation TCG!


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, there's a player nearby... That way! Let's go see!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): We did it! Now we have two victories under our belt.

Unknown Role (None): Let's get back to The Cat's Tail. Paimon wonders, who's Prince gonna pick as our final contestant?

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, I believe you've already met...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Met who?

Unknown Role (None): You know, Prince. This is The Cat's Tail, after all, so I thought having a cat take care of our new customers would be quite a nice touch.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Meow.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, allow me to interpret. Ahem, Prince says that the word "customer" is much too loose of a term, and we should instead refer to anyone who loves dueling with cards as "TCG players."

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... my mistake. So it seems I haven't introduced you yet... This is Prince and Shuyun. They will be in charge of taking care of our "TCG players."

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I'm afraid I must correct you there, Ma'am. Only Prince, the strongest and most formidable TCG player of all, is capable of providing valuable guidance to our new players.

Unknown Role (None): The average player is incapable of grasping the subtlety and sheer genius behind Prince's every play, and he has no choice but to rely on me to communicate with everyone. I am merely Prince's lowly assistant, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, another guy who can understand animals!

Unknown Role (None): How can you use such a crude word as "animal" to describe the one and only Prince? He is special and the only one of his kind... Such a remark is an insult to Prince!

Unknown Role (None): Meow...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What's that? "Shuyun, in the eyes of the common folk, I look no different than any other ordinary cat. It's a natural mistake to make, and you shouldn't overreact." Ah, understood... I do apologize.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, it seems he really is capable of communicating with the cat. Could this be the result of some modification to the language center of his brain?

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, how can he get all of that from a simple meow?

Unknown Role (None): Amazing...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it was the sacred duels of Genius Invokation TCG that formed and cemented our bonds of mutual understanding. It's my firm belief that by simply playing the game, players can develop a deeper level of understanding between one another.

Unknown Role (None): That's pretty weird...

Unknown Role (None): It was the duels of Genius Invokation TCG that allowed our hearts to bond. It's understandable that ordinary people such as yourselves are unable to comprehend such a thing.

Unknown Role (None): So playing Genius Invokation TCG fosters some sort of a telepathic link between players?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Somehow, Paimon doubts that.

Unknown Role (None): Uh-huh... Anyway, if you'd like to know anything about Genius Invokation TCG, then please ask Shuyun... Uh, who will ask Prince.

Unknown Role (None): Though I'd love to explain more myself, it's time for my daily walk. I'll let Prince play a game with you and walk you through all the rules.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Just as a seasoned warrior can foresee the path of his opponent's sword, so too can I, as a TCG master, predict my opponent's every play. It would be improper to pit a newcomer to the art of the card against one such as myself, and I must therefore politely decline."

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, that's what Prince said.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, PRINCE doesn't wanna play with us, huh? Fine, then Prince doesn't have to. We'll play you instead!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but from the day I met the mighty cardmaster Prince, I swore an oath that my hands would live solely to hold the cards, and not to play them. I will never play another match of my own again.

Unknown Role (None): Right, Prince's paws probably can't hold the cards...

Unknown Role (None): What a backstory...

Unknown Role (None): If Prince is unwilling to play, then I guess we should look for an alternative. How about this... Diona!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, blah blah blah, what is it? I'm pretty busy over here, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, why is it that every player that sets foot in here to play Genius Invokation TCG has to have a drink... Ugh! Don't they have any clue that the key to playing a game is the ability to think straight?

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, games and drinks don't mix. Don't they get that? Ugh!

Unknown Role (None): What can I say... As the tavern owner, I can't help but feel happy to hear this.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I see you've been working hard so I thought you could use a break... So why not come over here and teach these customers the rules of Genius Invokation?

Unknown Role (None): Ha, hahah! Yeah! What kind of break is that? I'd rather not, hmph!

Unknown Role (None): Oh... why are we letting all these loafers come in here to play Genius Invokation TCG anyway? All it does is encourage more people to come to the bar for a drink...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Ya know, if drinks sales keep going up like this, pretty soon, Mondstadt's alcohol industry is gonna reach new heights...

Unknown Role (None): Grr, looks like my first step in destroying Mondstadt's alcohol industry should be stamping out the spread of Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "My dear, you are quite mistaken. You said it yourself — a clear mind is necessary to win. Soon, their thirst for victory will overcome their thirst for alcohol..."

Unknown Role (None): Prince speaks the truth, Diona. Not only is the spread of Genius Invokation TCG no obstacle to your goal of destroying Mondstadt's alcohol industry, it could even support you in this endeavor!

Unknown Role (None): C—Could it really?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, why not. Alrighty then, our two customers are waiting to learn... Shuyun, let's put you on drink-mixing duty for now.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "But Shuyun is destined for a far greater purpose..."

Unknown Role (None): Shuyun. Drink-mixing. Now.

Unknown Role (None): O—Okay...

Unknown Role (None): Ooo... alright! We'll need some space to learn, heheh. Let's go to that empty table over there.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Meow.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, allow me to interpret. Ahem, Prince says that the word "customer" is much too loose of a term, and we should instead refer to anyone who loves dueling with cards as "TCG players."

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... my mistake. So it seems I haven't introduced you yet... This is Prince and Shuyun. They will be in charge of taking care of our "TCG players."

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I'm afraid I must correct you there, Ma'am. Only Prince, the strongest and most formidable TCG player of all, is capable of providing valuable guidance to our new players.

Unknown Role (None): The average player is incapable of grasping the subtlety and sheer genius behind Prince's every play, and he has no choice but to rely on me to communicate with everyone. I am merely Prince's lowly assistant, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, another guy who can understand animals!

Unknown Role (None): How can you use such a crude word as "animal" to describe the one and only Prince? He is special and the only one of his kind... Such a remark is an insult to Prince!

Unknown Role (None): Meow...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What's that? "Shuyun, in the eyes of the common folk, I look no different than any other ordinary cat. It's a natural mistake to make, and you shouldn't overreact." Ah, understood... I do apologize.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, it seems he really is capable of communicating with the cat. Could this be the result of some modification to the language center of his brain?

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, how can he get all of that from a simple meow?

Unknown Role (None): Amazing...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it was the sacred duels of Genius Invokation TCG that formed and cemented our bonds of mutual understanding. It's my firm belief that by simply playing the game, players can develop a deeper level of understanding between one another.

Unknown Role (None): That's pretty weird...

Unknown Role (None): It was the duels of Genius Invokation TCG that allowed our hearts to bond. It's understandable that ordinary people such as yourselves are unable to comprehend such a thing.

Unknown Role (None): So playing Genius Invokation TCG fosters some sort of a telepathic link between players?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Somehow, Paimon doubts that.

Unknown Role (None): Uh-huh... Anyway, if you'd like to know anything about Genius Invokation TCG, then please ask Shuyun... Uh, who will ask Prince.

Unknown Role (None): Though I'd love to explain more myself, it's time for my daily walk. I'll let Prince play a game with you and walk you through all the rules.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Just as a seasoned warrior can foresee the path of his opponent's sword, so too can I, as a TCG master, predict my opponent's every play. It would be improper to pit a newcomer to the art of the card against one such as myself, and I must therefore politely decline."

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, that's what Prince said.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, PRINCE doesn't wanna play with us, huh? Fine, then Prince doesn't have to. We'll play you instead!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but from the day I met the mighty cardmaster Prince, I swore an oath that my hands would live solely to hold the cards, and not to play them. I will never play another match of my own again.

Unknown Role (None): Right, Prince's paws probably can't hold the cards...

Unknown Role (None): What a backstory...

Unknown Role (None): If Prince is unwilling to play, then I guess we should look for an alternative. How about this... Diona!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, blah blah blah, what is it? I'm pretty busy over here, you know!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, why is it that every player that sets foot in here to play Genius Invokation TCG has to have a drink... Ugh! Don't they have any clue that the key to playing a game is the ability to think straight?

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, games and drinks don't mix. Don't they get that? Ugh!

Unknown Role (None): What can I say... As the tavern owner, I can't help but feel happy to hear this.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I see you've been working hard so I thought you could use a break... So why not come over here and teach these customers the rules of Genius Invokation?

Unknown Role (None): Ha, hahah! Yeah! What kind of break is that? I'd rather not, hmph!

Unknown Role (None): Oh... why are we letting all these loafers come in here to play Genius Invokation TCG anyway? All it does is encourage more people to come to the bar for a drink...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Ya know, if drinks sales keep going up like this, pretty soon, Mondstadt's alcohol industry is gonna reach new heights...

Unknown Role (None): Grr, looks like my first step in destroying Mondstadt's alcohol industry should be stamping out the spread of Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "My dear, you are quite mistaken. You said it yourself — a clear mind is necessary to win. Soon, their thirst for victory will overcome their thirst for alcohol..."

Unknown Role (None): Prince speaks the truth, Diona. Not only is the spread of Genius Invokation TCG no obstacle to your goal of destroying Mondstadt's alcohol industry, it could even support you in this endeavor!

Unknown Role (None): C—Could it really?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, why not. Alrighty then, our two customers are waiting to learn... Shuyun, let's put you on drink-mixing duty for now.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "But Shuyun is destined for a far greater purpose..."

Unknown Role (None): Shuyun. Drink-mixing. Now.

Unknown Role (None): O—Okay...

Unknown Role (None): Ooo... alright! We'll need some space to learn, heheh. Let's go to that empty table over there.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, let me guess — you're here to order a drink, hmph... Oh, it's you. So, how are your Genius Invokation matches going?

Unknown Role (None): You need to win three matches to become an official TCG player? Ohh yeah, now you mention it, I remember there being some sort of rule about that. Why'd they have to make it so competitive? It's just a game, why can't people just have fun!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, I'll never understand why grown-ups have to put a bunch of stupid rules on everything.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Diona's waiting for you. Go talk to her and she'll teach you the rules of the game."

Unknown Role (None): That's what Prince said. *sigh* And I need to go start mixing drinks. It's a pity that I can't look on while you learn...

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, okay! Let's go through the rules. First things first, you'll be needing your deck, so place that on the table...

Unknown Role (None): A... deck?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, yes? You should have built a deck. You know, a set of cards that meets the bare minimum requirement to play the game...?

Unknown Role (None): Huh-huh... what's with the blank stares? ...C'mon, don't tell me you came to learn Genius Invokation TCG without bringing any cards?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, we do have some cards...

Unknown Role (None): That's right, we have some cards that I received from a friend.

Unknown Role (None): Uhh... you're gonna need a few more cards than that.

Unknown Role (None): Don't you have a practice deck we could try?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we need a practice deck! Can't you just let us use one?

Unknown Role (None): Tch, there's no such thing!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, lemme think... To learn the game, you'll need at least two Character Cards to switch between...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, oh! That reminds me, a few days ago when I was closing up for the night, I noticed a customer had left a couple of Character Cards on the bar counter. Haha! Maybe you could use those for now.

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure that's okay...?

Unknown Role (None): Eh, it's already been a few days and he still hasn't come back to claim them. Who knows, maybe he left them here on purpose...

Unknown Role (None): Oh. Okay, yeah. Got them here with me, you know, just in case the customer came looking for them. Yeah, yeah, not because I like to play the game or anything. Please...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, so now we have two Character Cards. That's everything we need, right?

Unknown Role (None): Yup. So, are you ready to start?

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready!

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet, I need a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then let's begin!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I guess I'll get things set up on the table first. Once you're ready, we can get started.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Go, claim your Casket of Tomes, seize victory, and become a TCG champion!"

Unknown Role (None): Prince seems to have high hopes for you.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Everything's set up. Let's learn how to play Genius Invokation TCG.

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready!

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet, I need a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's get started.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, just let me know once you're ready. Hmph, but don't keep me waiting too long!

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Great, let's continue learning how to play Genius Invokation TCG.

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready!

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet, I need a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's get started.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, just let me know once you're ready. Hmph, but don't keep me waiting too long!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): We should start learning how to play Genius Invokation TCG.

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "You have not yet attained the status of official TCG players. First master the rules and hone your skills. Then, and only then, may you come and challenge me."

Unknown Role (None): Yes, heed Prince's words. Besides, I need to keep mixing drinks for now. If you wait until I'm free, I can have Prince explain more for you...

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): #Ready for our duel, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Let's play some Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet, I need a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Even though it's just a game, it's important to be fully prepared. In that case, I think I'll go over the card stats again...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let the duel begin!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Alright, cool, those are the basics. Did you get all that?

Unknown Role (None): What we just played was an Adventure Challenge, designed specially for new players.

Unknown Role (None): But the rules are all the same. As long as you understand the basics, then you should be able to take on any of those rowdy boozehounds!

Unknown Role (None): Although I feel there are still many details to grasp, I think I understand the basic premise of the game now.

Unknown Role (None): That was quite the detailed explanation. I didn't know The Cat's Tail's famous mixologist had such an eclectic skillset.

Unknown Role (None): Waah! Wha— Oh! When did YOU get here...

Unknown Role (None): I stepped in while you were in the middle of your explanation... I hope I didn't dampen the mood.

Unknown Role (None): No, not at all.

Unknown Role (None): You snuck in without making a sound...

Unknown Role (None): Waah! Wha— Oh! When did YOU get here...

Unknown Role (None): You have slow reactions... Wait— are you copying me!? Shut up!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, anyway, what are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): The Cat's Tail is a player in Mondstadt's alcohol industry. Naturally, you have some collaboration with my winery.

Unknown Role (None): I'm here today to discuss a few items of business with Margaret...

Unknown Role (None): Too bad, she just left. But if you head off right now, you might still catch up with her!

Unknown Role (None): Never mind, it's nothing urgent. In fact, I think I'm now more interested in this card that you're using to teach them the game.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, this card...?

Unknown Role (None): It's Diluc's Character Card.

Unknown Role (None): Although I have some degree of experience with Genius Invokation TCG, seeing this particular card is a first for me...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, a customer left it behind a few days ago. But he wasn't even playing the game while he was here.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? And what sort of a customer was he?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... He wasn't wearing an eyepatch, okay? He had a light complexion, and a super serious look on his face. He wasn't much of a talker, and looked like he was just drinking his worries away. Eh... never seen him around here before!

Unknown Role (None): Eyepatch, you say...

Unknown Role (None): That's Kaeya...

Unknown Role (None): There's no doubt about it...

Unknown Role (None): Gah, I was trying to give the opposite description, but I just ended up giving it away. Sorry, Guard Captain...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. Somehow, I don't think he'll be giving you any trouble over it...

Unknown Role (None): So... what about the Diluc Character Card...?

Unknown Role (None): I don't mind. It's just a card with my image on it.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect Diluc to be familiar with Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): The game has been catching on lately, it's hard to go anywhere without hearing it mentioned. Every now and then, I'll sit down and play a game with the customers in Angel's Share.

Unknown Role (None): You up for a game now?

Unknown Role (None): I challenge you to a duel!

Unknown Role (None): I was hoping we could play a game... But this issue of someone leaving a Character Card with my image at The Cat's Tail is... very intriguing.

Unknown Role (None): It's getting late, and someone has some explaining to do... We'll have to have that duel another time.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, I look forward to it!

Unknown Role (None): Good. Then I'll take my leave.

Unknown Role (None): You know where the door is! Don't let the door hit ya where Lord Barbatos split ya!

Unknown Role (None): Uh-oh... Guard Captain...

Unknown Role (None): I hope Kaeya will be alright...

Unknown Role (None): Well, now that we are familiar with the rules, why don't we try playing a game of Genius Invokation TCG?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, two new players having their first ever duel... haha! This sounds like fun!

Unknown Role (None): But, in order to play an official duel, you need to have three Character Cards.

Unknown Role (None): Remember, a complete deck has to have three Character Cards and thirty Action Cards. Got it?

Unknown Role (None): Then let's use my cards... These were mixed in with all the others I had received, and I didn't know what they were for at first. But now that we've learned the rules, I can see that this one must be the Sucrose Character Card.

Unknown Role (None): Now, it looks like we each have the Kaeya, Diluc, and Sucrose Character Cards. So why don't we have our first duel?

Unknown Role (None): If you say so!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hold on, I need a moment. I'll be right back.

Unknown Role (None): Take your time, I look forward to our first duel.

Unknown Role (None): Genius Invokation TCG can be played in duel mode, where each player brings three Character Cards, or in Adventure Challenge mode, with a fixed deck for each challenge.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's duel!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): #Ready for our duel, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Let's play some Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet, I need a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Even though it's just a game, it's important to be fully prepared. In that case, I think I'll go over the card stats again...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let the duel begin!

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Hehehe, let's see how you and Sucrose get along in your duel.

Unknown Role (None): Now, I trained you myself, so you'd better not go down without a fight, okay! Huh, what? ...Well, yeah, I suppose I did train Sucrose, too... Hmm...

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): I can't believe I lost when we had the exact same Character Cards... The rules must be more complicated than I first thought.

Unknown Role (None): Every decision is a difficult trade-off in this game. If there was only a way to transplant the arms of the two standby characters onto the active character's body—

Unknown Role (None): That's not how the rules work, Sucrose. Don't be a sore loser. That kind of thing is looked down on in TCG circles.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I am sorry... I was beaten fair and square, I know that. I just can't stand losing.

Unknown Role (None): But it was a fun match.

Unknown Role (None): You went easy on me.

Unknown Role (None): It was a close call...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't know you could get so competitive, Sucrose.

Unknown Role (None): I always get a little upset when I lose.

Unknown Role (None): It's like that with my research, too. It always gets to me when my experiments don't go as planned, especially when there's an alchemy genius like Albedo around to compare myself to...

Unknown Role (None): ...Uhh, you lost me at "alchemy" and "experiments." But I'm pretty sure it's normal to feel that way.

Unknown Role (None): Playing cards is no different. Each game you lose makes you wanna win the next one to settle the score, and the desire to win pushes you to improve your strategy and build a better deck.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! Seizing victory through a winning combination of luck, skill, and experience is where all the fun of Genius Invokation lies!

Unknown Role (None): ...But what if you keep trying and trying, and never win a single game?

Unknown Role (None): A losing streak... Yeah, that'll definitely get you down. But it's way better to keep trying until you win than to just accept you're a plain old loser and give up!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... you make a good point, Diona.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, Sucrose, you're already making great progress. It'd take at least eight of our regular boozehounds to match your level. You played well this last match!

Unknown Role (None): Agreed. It was a brilliant game.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you... I'm just a little disappointed to lose, that's all. But Genius Invokation TCG is a really fun game.

Unknown Role (None): Good. Having fun is the main thing. If you ever wanna play again in the future, feel free to come by The Cat's Tail... Ah, but don't expect me to play with you, I just mean this place probably has the right atmosphere...

Unknown Role (None): I'll definitely be back.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I think you should have the basics down by now. I need to get back to bartending — Shuyun's likely been busy making this tavern more popular with his delicious cocktails... Phooey, phooey, phooey! And we can't have that.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Burning Mondstadt's wine industry to the ground keeps me pretty busy, y'know! So if you need any more help, go bother Shuyun!

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Aha, it's you!

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm sorry, is there anything I can assist the two of you with?

Unknown Role (None): We wanna become official Genius Invokation TCG players, but we have to pass the test first, so we need to beat three other players in a duel. Our Casket of Tomes led us to you!

Unknown Role (None): Oh I see. Unfortunately, I'm on duty right now...

Unknown Role (None): But it's time... to duel!!!

Unknown Role (None): ...I see you're serious about this. Very well. As a fellow TCG player, I cannot refuse an earnest invitation to duel.

Unknown Role (None): "When it comes to your attention that a citizen of Mondstadt is in need, you must come to their aid promptly and willingly..."

Unknown Role (None): Are you... quoting the Knights of Favonius Handbook at me...?

Unknown Role (None): So be it. Then let the duel begin.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): I have to make drinks for the customers now...

Unknown Role (None): If you've got any more questions about Genius Invokation TCG, you can go ask Shuyun. He's over there.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): I see, so you have now grasped the rules of Genius Invokation TCG.

Unknown Role (None): #Hehehe, that's right! Traveler, Sucrose, and Paimon are TCG players now!

Unknown Role (None): I didn't notice you play any matches, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Paimon picked it up from watching you and Sucrose!

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Becoming a TCG player is not as simple as that. You cannot call yourselves true TCG players until you have passed the test."

Unknown Role (None): Sobering words from Prince there... But I'm afraid he's right. To become official players recognized by the Genius Invokation TCG Society, you have to pass the test.

Unknown Role (None): There's really a test?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, although to be honest, it's not that difficult...

Unknown Role (None): What does it entail? Sealing a Samachurl within a deck of cards?

Unknown Role (None): It's just a tabletop card game. I'm not sure how you would plan on achieving something like that...

Unknown Role (None): Basically, to become an official and recognized TCG player, you have to best three opponents in a duel.

Unknown Role (None): So you have to win three duels against three different opponents?

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "The duel you just played can count towards this tally..."

Unknown Role (None): I agree. Although I didn't get to observe the match myself, I did listen along. And from what I could hear, you both performed at a rather high level.

Unknown Role (None): Same way you can "hear" what Prince says...?

Unknown Role (None): #A well-trained ear is a basic skill expected of anyone hoping to become a TCG master. But back to the matter at hand — Traveler only needs to beat two more opponents to become an official TCG player.

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose, you may have lost the last duel, but don't be disheartened. I can assure you that winning three games is well within your ability.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "But first things first, Shuyun. Before that, our TCG newcomers should receive their free gift..."

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, my goodness. Completely slipped my mind — I'm lucky to have Prince here to remind me. Everyone who wants to start playing Genius Invokation TCG is entitled to claim a free Casket of Tomes.

Unknown Role (None): A Casket of Tomes?

Unknown Role (None): Where have I heard that before?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Timaeus mentioned it, didn't he? It was from the light novels he's been reading. The thing that the main character found in his attic...

Unknown Role (None): Ohh, that's right. The soul of an ancient TCG player was trapped inside, right?

Unknown Role (None): So the Casket of Tomes is actually real?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, well... actually, all card cases in Genius Invokation TCG are called Caskets of Tomes. Not only do they provide a reliable and sturdy container to store your decks, they can also sense when other people in the area are also carrying a Casket of Tomes with them—

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon can guess what you're gonna say next — the reason they can sense each other is because they have the souls of ancient TCG players inside!

Unknown Role (None): That would mean an extraordinarily high number of people in history have been turned into disembodied souls as a consequence of playing card games... No, the real reason that it can sense other Caskets is because it holds a nifty little mechanism invented by Sumeru scholars...

Unknown Role (None): Darn, what a letdown...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a convenient way of finding other TCG players.

Unknown Role (None): Cool! A TCG friend finder!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, now let's see this Casket of Tomes already!

Unknown Role (None): "Meow! All Caskets of Tomes are issued by Margaret, so you will need to see her to claim yours..."

Unknown Role (None): Probably for the best. If Prince and I were responsible for handing them out, knowing how eager we both are to promote the game, we'd probably have dished them all out by now...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, so go and see Margaret to claim your Casket of Tomes, use it to find another player, beat them in a duel, and then come back here.

Unknown Role (None): #But even for Traveler, that's only two wins in total. What about the last one?

Unknown Role (None): #Meow... "I shall choose the final contestant {F#she}{M#he} must beat in order to become an official TCG player, for it must be one of comparable prowess."

Unknown Role (None): Excellent plan, Prince! Happy dueling, both of you.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Hello you three, has Little Diona finished teaching you the rules of Genius Invokation?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I see, you're here for your Casket of Tomes, aren't you? A very useful tool indeed.

Unknown Role (None): So this is a Casket of Tomes.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. A purpose-built case for your card deck, that can even detect when someone else nearby is carrying one... Gosh, whoever invented this must have seriously disliked being alone.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Well, even the most fun game is pretty lonely if you've got no one else to play it with.

Unknown Role (None): True. So I'm glad that these customers... ahem, TCG players are able to congregate at The Cat's Tail.

Unknown Role (None): Can't be bad for business...

Unknown Role (None): You're not wrong, but that's secondary. The important thing to me is the opportunity for like-minded people to come together and enjoy their favorite hobby. It creates a nice atmosphere... Anyway, now you have your Caskets of Tomes, it's time to find some opponents.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. In that case, I'll go find some people to play against, too. Let's meet back at The Cat's Tail in a while!

Unknown Role (None): Trust in your cards.

Unknown Role (None): You can win this.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks. I'll do my best.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, let's not drag this out. I'm supposed to be standing guard...

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Haha, see, don't underestimate me. I'm an official TCG player after all. My challenges are by no means easy.

Unknown Role (None): Well? Fancy giving it another try?

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Gosh, I lost. You're remarkably good at this considering how new to the game you are.

Unknown Role (None): Let's play again when you have some time. But... ideally not when I'm on duty...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): #Meow... "I sensed that Traveler had what it took to become an official TCG player, but {F#she}{M#he} has returned to the tavern more quickly than I had expected."

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Defeat the opponent I have arranged for you, and you shall become an official TCG player. I look forward to watching this game immensely."

Unknown Role (None): Not just Prince. I can't wait either. Come, your opponent is waiting for you in one of the private rooms.

Unknown Role (None): #{F#She}{M#He} won't lose to them, whoever it is! Right, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Naturally.

???: What ho, fellow voyager of the stellar void. Yes, even I was briefly discountenanced when I heard the tidings of your sworn oath to become the Thrice Victorious... But so be it! You who are enslaved by dueling desire, be released from your shackles into the glorious arena of gladiatorial combat!

???: Step forth, O brave challenger, your Prinzessin grants you an audience. Hmph, hearken well! The wretched clock chimes yet again, as the declining light of the day grows dimmer still...

???: Pardon my directness, but we have not been waiting that long. Mein Fräulein could afford to be a little less impatient.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, Paimon knows those voices...

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Your opponent sounds anxious to begin. Do not delay!"

Unknown Role (None): That's what Prince said... Please enter, and enjoy your Genius Invokation TCG duel!

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knew it, it's Fischl and Oz!

Unknown Role (None): Who else but the Prinzessin? For as the name of this hallowed rite suggests, only when the wisest of heroes is summoned can the master of cards hope to be crowned the champion.

Unknown Role (None): This path is a treacherous one... It must be tread with great caution, for eternal doom and damnation are but one wrong step away at any given moment.

Unknown Role (None): That is why none is more suited to appear in this audience chamber than the Prinzessin, whose Auge der Verurteilung des Großen Kaleidophantasmas has witnessed ten thousand battles across three thousand worlds.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, is that right...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, mein Fräulein has watched many games of Genius Invokation TCG, and has gained a solid grasp of the rules. Even in a duel between beginners, it is best that both participants are well-versed in them.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's true.

Unknown Role (None): A duel between beginners?

Unknown Role (None): When you say "watched" many games...

Unknown Role (None): Ahh, this makes sense now. Prince did say that he was gonna pair us with someone of a similar skill level... Guess that means Fischl hasn't been playing that long either!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, the Prinzessin needed but a single glance at these mere machinations of mankind to discern their working principles. Thus, with speed and brilliance paralleled by lightning alone do I now arrive here at the gateway to yonder circle of secrets...

Unknown Role (None): Mein Fräulein, too, has bested two opponents thus far, and is therefore one step away from becoming an official TCG player.

Unknown Role (None): #So there's a lot on the line, huh? Either Fischl or Traveler is gonna come out of this duel as an official TCG player...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! The Prinzessin herself heeds the call of fate and descends to this realm from the Immernachtreich, yet still you dare to doubt the inevitability of the inevitable. Your stubborn foolishness is contemptible.

Unknown Role (None): Mein Fräulein, I implore you to consider less odious turns of phrase, lest you be forced to feast on your words in the fullness of time.

Unknown Role (None): Wh— ...I shall not lose, Oz!

Unknown Role (None): What say you, outlander? Do you wish to make an enemy of me, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, who even now begins to strum the strings of fate that shall sound out the Traveler's Requiem?

Unknown Role (None): Verily, 'tis time to duel!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, wait, wait, I need to check my deck first...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, do you? How disappointing. But then again, for one accustomed to the petty burdens of this lowly realm, to challenge the Prinzessin is a load under which most mere mortals would crumble.

Unknown Role (None): Then I say it is time to see what you are made of!

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): I ask you once again, outlander: Do you wish to make an enemy of me?

Unknown Role (None): Verily, 'tis time to duel!

Unknown Role (None): Not yet... I entreat Your Majesty to ask me again later...

Unknown Role (None): Very well, I will ask you again when the time comes. But be warned, should you seek to flee when the hour of the battle draws nigh... I shall show you no mercy.

Unknown Role (None): Then it is time to see what you are made of!

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): It seems that you fall short of the superior skills of the Prinzessin. But I know you, Traveler, and even this shall not stop you from facing me again!

Unknown Role (None): I will face you again right here, right now!

Unknown Role (None): Yes! ...But I need a moment to rethink my strategy first.

Unknown Role (None): Then show me once more what you are made of!

Unknown Role (None): Very well. When you think you are ready, I shall be right here waiting for you.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): #Meow... "Traveler shows greater skill than most beginners, but Fischl displays greater prowess still..."

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, you really think so? I think Traveler has the edge, personally...

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Impossible... Ugh, the cursed dragon looms near once more, casting its dark shadow on the slender threads of fate, hiding them from my vision...

Unknown Role (None): Traveler... Was even this part of your plan?

Unknown Role (None): What a truly ingenious plot, and what an exciting duel to witness.

Unknown Role (None): Congratulations! You've won three duels now. That makes you an official TCG player!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! ...Oh, Sucrose, you're back. Does that mean...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, I've won two games so far. When I got back, I heard you were in the middle of your final duel, so I came over to watch.

Unknown Role (None): Nice, Sucrose won two as well. Great work!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. It seems I am forced to admit, fellow voyager of the stellar void, that your... mastery of the cards is second to none.

Unknown Role (None): To commemorate your glorious ascent to a battlefield beyond this lowly mortal realm, I grant thee an incarnation of my majesty in miniature. As you embark on this ingenious vocation, may you wield it in battle against all your fated foes, that not a single one of them may be left standing.

Unknown Role (None): Mein Fräulein wishes to give you a Mein Fräulein Character Card.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, it's Fischl's Character Card!

Unknown Role (None): I dare not take advantage of the Prinzessin's generosity...

Unknown Role (None): 'Tis a mere token of such. To the victor of this splendid duel is a boon of commensurate splendor due.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, um, excuse me Ma'am, I am also a beginner who has won two games so far. Might I also have the honor of joining you in a duel? If you would be willing, of course.

Unknown Role (None): Nothing would delight me more. I hereby grant you permission to join me in performing the hallowed rite of Genius Invokation.

Unknown Role (None): One other thing. When I got back, Prince and Shuyun said there was something they needed to give you if you managed to become an official TCG player.

Unknown Role (None): Hopefully not another test...

Unknown Role (None): Probably not... Oh, Paimon bets it's some kind of prize for making it as an official TCG player!

Unknown Role (None): Hopefully an instant victory card?

Unknown Role (None): No card game in the world has a card like that. Paimon bets it's some kind of prize for making it as an official TCG player!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go get our prize!

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so it WAS you who won the duel in the end. I knew you'd do it! Congratulations, you are now officially recognized members of the Genius Invokation TCG community!

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "Very well done. Now, I will explain to you what becoming an official TCG player entails."

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "The first thing all new official TCG players receive is their TCG Player's Handbook."

Unknown Role (None): This handbook tells you exactly what you need to do to become a top-tier TCG player. Make sure you read it.

Unknown Role (None): Secondly, a range of Genius Invokation merchandise is now available to you for purchase here at The Cat's Tail. Hehe, so you see, becoming an official TCG player is really just the first step.

Unknown Role (None): Meow... "And thirdly, whenever you wish to play a game with a friend, you can use the Invitation Board there. Whoever you wish to duel against, simply invite them to the tavern for a game."

Unknown Role (None): Invitation Board?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it's right by the bar counter. Once you get the hang of it, you can play with your friends whenever you want.

Unknown Role (None): That's it, really. If there's anything you didn't quite understand, you can always come and ask me.

Unknown Role (None): Meow...

Unknown Role (None): Yes indeed, I'm quite sure they will. ...Oh, sorry, I forgot to translate for you. Prince would like to say:

Unknown Role (None): #"Traveler, hope you'll have fun playing Genius Invokation TCG!"

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): ...Hold on, I need a moment. I'll be right back.

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): A strange package?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I believe it's from a Sumeru scholar who came here to study in Mondstadt. It's most likely a thank-you gift for collaborating on some research together.

Unknown Role (None): Huh, a package from an Akademiya scholar? Then there could be anything inside.

Unknown Role (None): Well, it is a thank-you gift.

Unknown Role (None): There wasn't anything dangerous inside, just a bunch of strange cards.

Unknown Role (None): I think I've seen Timaeus with some similar-looking cards before, so I came to ask him about what they might be.

Unknown Role (None): You've seen me with some cards? Ah, maybe those were the testing cards used for distinguishing reagents?

Unknown Role (None): No, they didn't look like test cards. Here, have a look...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you meant these... Huh, Sucrose, have you really never seen these before?

Unknown Role (None): No, never. Recently, I've been spending all my time up in the mountains working on cultivating Pentatanic Sweet Flowers. Why, is this an area of research that has started trending in the alchemical community during my absence?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you could definitely say that it's trending, but not as an area of research... It's a card game that's been getting really popular these days.

Unknown Role (None): It's called "Genius Invokation TCG"!

Unknown Role (None): Genius Invokation TCG!

Unknown Role (None): So this is the game we've been hearing about.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we've been hearing about this game all over the place, but this is the first time we've ever actually seen any of the cards.

Unknown Role (None): We didn't know it had made it all the way to Mondstadt. Must be pretty popular, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Genius what now?

Unknown Role (None): Genius Invokation TCG! Haven't you heard of it before?

Unknown Role (None): Apparently it's a game that was invented by a scholar in the Akademiya. People from all over are playing it now!

Unknown Role (None): That's right. The game's been catching on lately. The Yae Publishing House in Inazuma has even published a series of light novels based on the game. The story is really good!

Unknown Role (None): It starts with a young guy in Sumeru who finds an ancient "Casket of Tomes" in the attic. He opens it, and discovers that the soul of an ancient TCG player called the Crocodile King has been captured inside.

Unknown Role (None): It turns out that the Crocodile King was King Deshret's viceroy, who battled an opponent named the Ibis King. During the match, the Crocodile King fell prey to his opponent's scheme and was sealed away in the Casket of Tomes.

Unknown Role (None): After being unexpectedly released by the kid, the Crocodile King possesses him and helps him to gradually climb the ranks and become a legendary TCG player.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, Timaeus?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What's wrong, Sucrose? Uh, if you're interested in how the story plays out, I can lend you the novels.

Unknown Role (None): No, I was just thinking about that time you requested an extension on your progress report deadline, citing "personal reasons" for the delay...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, well... I did go through a phase recently where I wasn't putting enough focus on my work, but it's under control now. I've committed to not even touch Genius Invokation TCG until I've made enough progress in my research.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, well that's unfortunate.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Why's that?

Unknown Role (None): Well, since it's a gift from a researcher I've collaborated with, I thought that I should at least try to learn the rules. That way, I could say that I at least tried to appreciate his gift.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right... And since it's a game from Sumeru, who knows, playing it might even make you smarter!

Unknown Role (None): If you want to play, then just say it.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, fine! Paimon's curious and would like to give it a try! ...Please?

Unknown Role (None): Then you desperately need to play this game.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, just wait until Paimon plays it enough to become smarter than you. Then you'll be sorry!

Unknown Role (None): ...Although it seems like we can't learn how to play it anytime soon 'cause Timaeus has given up for a while.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, well research is my priority, you know.

Unknown Role (None): But if you'd like to learn the rules of Genius Invokation TCG, then I'd actually suggest you go to The Cat's Tail.

Unknown Role (None): The Cat's Tail...

Unknown Role (None): That's Margaret's place...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, that's the place. It's where everyone in the community goes to play when they have time. They gather there, trade cards... and they're very welcoming to new players.

Unknown Role (None): Trying to learn the rules can be intimidating at first, but it's a lot of fun once you get the hang of it.

Unknown Role (None): #Understood. Traveler, Paimon, let's go to The Cat's Tail and try asking around.

Unknown Role (None): To be honest, hearing Timaeus talking about the game has also piqued my curiosity.

Unknown Role (None): Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get going!

Unknown Role (None): So, Sucrose, the package you mentioned that you received before... It's not dangerous, is it?

Unknown Role (None): You need to be careful when you're opening packages. I once had a friend mail me some research materials, and all the bouncing around in transit caused a reaction...

Unknown Role (None): Once I opened it, it let out a stench that could wake the dead.

Unknown Role (None): If your package contains anything like that, then maybe you should check with Albedo first and see what he thinks.

Unknown Role (None): No, this package didn't contain any hazardous materials...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Timaeus! What are you chatting about?

Unknown Role (None): And... who might this be?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, hello you two. This is Sucrose.

Unknown Role (None): Hi, I'm Sucrose, Albedo's assistant. If you have any alchemy-related queries, you could always ask me. I'd... do my best to help...

Unknown Role (None): You don't have to be so nervous!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Do I look nervous?

Unknown Role (None): M—My apologies, I don't get out too often. I'm usually in the laboratory, where there aren't many others to talk to.

Unknown Role (None): That's okay, you don't have to force yourself! Paimon's sure that once we get to know each other better, we'll become really good friends!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler... Hey, aren't you the legendary Traveler? The one who repelled Stormterror?

Unknown Role (None): "Legendary" is a bit much.

Unknown Role (None): I don't even charge for autographs.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Thank you!

Unknown Role (None): I've heard so many stories about you! Always wanted an opportunity to research you up close!

Unknown Role (None): Uhh, what do you mean "research"...?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Sorry, don't mind me. What am I saying...

Unknown Role (None): Well, never mind. So, what were you two talking about just now?

Unknown Role (None): Sucrose received a strange package recently...