# Windswept Domain

Unknown Role (None): Every time there's trouble, they send me to fix it...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, aren't you...?

Unknown Role (None): We meet again.

Unknown Role (None): It's you! What a coincidence! I never expected to meet you here of all places.

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Don't ask. Remember that peculiar Domain? You know... the one where the internal structure changed according to one's mind?

Unknown Role (None): I was able to gather quite a lot of information thanks to your help in getting me in there to explore. After the Domain disappeared, I went back to report to Lan.

Unknown Role (None): I reiterated to her that I couldn't have managed this case without your help. I only provided a negligible amount of support.

Unknown Role (None): But she wouldn't listen and even commended my work before asking me to lead a team to explore more unknown Domains of that sort.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't sound like a half bad gig.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it a good thing?

Unknown Role (None): What's so good about it? I used to just be a regular old adventurer with nothing stopping me from doing whatever I pleased.

Unknown Role (None): I may have earned less before, but I had my freedom. Now I'm stuck with this title Lan gave me...

Unknown Role (None): Enough about that, let's get down to business. See this door beside me? Behind it is another peculiar Domain.

Unknown Role (None): And this Domain is chock-a-block full of wind currents.

Unknown Role (None): Wind currents? As in the usual kind?

Unknown Role (None): Yep, you know, those whooshing, swooshing wind currents you find outside. Adventurers often use them to fly even higher on their wind gliders.

Unknown Role (None): But the distribution of the wind currents in this Domain is a total mess. Some of them even collide with each other, forming areas that can't be flown through.

Unknown Role (None): I invited a few adventurers known to be handy with wind gliders to go in and investigate, but without fail, each one barely made it in before being forced to withdraw.

Unknown Role (None): They also reported finding mechanisms inside, and that activating them seems to affect some of the wind currents...

Unknown Role (None): But before they could work out the mechanisms' specific uses, a bunch of monsters appeared out of nowhere, so they had to pull out.

Unknown Role (None): After some discussion, we concluded that if we can make clever use of these mechanisms, it should make exploring this Domain a whole lot easier...

Unknown Role (None): Have you gone in to explore yourself?

Unknown Role (None): You didn't lead the charge?

Unknown Role (None): Come on, don't act like you don't know! I'm, um... not the most physically fit, and I'm not so great with a wind glider either.

Unknown Role (None): I can just about manage flights under normal conditions, but when it comes to the situation in this Domain...

Unknown Role (None): If I went in to explore, I'd probably get blown around like a leaf before crashing headlong into a horde of monsters.

Unknown Role (None): Traveler, I saw how well you did the last time. You've got decent stamina, and a good head on your shoulders, too...

Unknown Role (None): Would you be willing to help me out once more and explore this Domain?

Unknown Role (None): As for payment, don't worry. I've got you more than covered.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I guess I'll try.

Unknown Role (None): Great, I'm counting on you, then!

Unknown Role (None): Is there treasure inside?

Unknown Role (None): Since we've barely been able to explore this Domain, I can't say for sure...

Unknown Role (None): But you can keep any treasure that you find while exploring!

Unknown Role (None): I'm counting on you, Traveler.