# Windtrace

Unknown Role (None): Hey there, fancy trying your hand at Windtrace?

Unknown Role (None): Still looking for people to have a go at it, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you! I was really impressed with the technique you exhibited the last time you played Windtrace.

Unknown Role (None): Though you seem to be adept at the game, a lot of people say that the game is pretty tough. Be it Rebels claiming that they have few escape options, or the Hunters complaining that they can't find anyone.

Unknown Role (None): Some people also complained to me that the Rebels caught by the Hunters have utterly nothing to do until the end of the game, and can only watch from the side, which is really boring for them...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I don't know who to listen to, so I decided to invite another batch of people to play-test the game and share their feedback.

Unknown Role (None): What's Windtrace?

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad you asked. Windtrace is a game that's all about Mondstadt's history!

Unknown Role (None): I suppose you've heard of the aristocrats who once lived in the city of Mondstadt?

Unknown Role (None): They were tyrants, and their rule was brutal. Words cannot do justice to the way that people suffered at their hands...

Unknown Role (None): To fight back against their oppression, a group of brave citizens came together and formed an underground resistance.

Unknown Role (None): These valiant rebels engaged in operations throughout the city, becoming a major thorn in the side of the aristocrats.

Unknown Role (None): But the aristocrats retaliated, quickly training up their own team of henchmen to suppress the rebels.

Unknown Role (None): And so, the rebels fought duel after duel with the aristocrats' lackeys all across Mondstadt.

Unknown Role (None): Windtrace takes its inspiration from this thrilling chapter of Mondstadt's history! And it used to be quite popular, too...

Unknown Role (None): Used to be?

Unknown Role (None): Sadly, yes. Young people these days don't seem very interested in the game...

Unknown Role (None): But I can't let Windtrace fade into obscurity. So, I tweaked the rules a little to make it easier to get into and more fun.

Unknown Role (None): I also added a whole load of brand-new maps in. Hopefully, this will help to attract more people...

Unknown Role (None): Heh. But don't take my word for it — try it out for yourself!

Unknown Role (None): Play Windtrace.

Unknown Role (None): Leave.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, well, if you're ever interested to try it out, you know where to find me.