# Divine Ingenuity: Collector's Chapter

Unknown Role (None): Why is it in Mondstadt this time...

Unknown Role (None): Honglang?

Unknown Role (None): This is...

Unknown Role (None): Traveler? What a coincidence! I didn't expect you to be here...

Unknown Role (None): As for the present situation... Well, just look at this door next to me. I suppose you already understand.

Unknown Role (None): So a Domain of that kind has appeared again?

Unknown Role (None): Is this the same sort of Domain as that other one you were investigating?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Thanks to your help in investigating that other Domain, we were able to obtain all manner of important data.

Unknown Role (None): However, there wasn't any way of getting more useful information on that Domain from the outside. Not for lack of trying by the Guild, but still.

Unknown Role (None): As such, we were getting ready to send more people into it. We'd even called people from other Guilds in... but then it vanished.

Unknown Role (None): And that was the last we heard of it until it showed up today in Mondstadt. I only got here in time thanks to timely notice from our colleagues in Mondstadt.

Unknown Role (None): Have you started exploring it?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Why would I fall back with the prize before me?

Unknown Role (None): The rules of this Domain haven't changed a great deal. It still creates various things based on the imaginations of those who enter it.

Unknown Role (None): But as we plumbed its depths, we found that this Domain is now able to create certain "enemies."

Unknown Role (None): They would attack us, and we actually felt real pain when they did.

Unknown Role (None): How should I put this... It was no different from a real battle, which the other adventurers found rather interesting.

Unknown Role (None): However, some of them conjured foes they could not beat, and wound up needing help to beat them...

Unknown Role (None): *cough* But never mind that. If you're willing, Traveler, could you explore this Domain together with us once again?

Unknown Role (None): No problem.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, wonderful, then! With your help, I'm sure that progress will be smooth indeed.

Unknown Role (None): It won't be too dangerous, will it...

Unknown Role (None): Um, I reckon you'll be fine. Just be cautious!

Unknown Role (None): Regardless, if you're willing to explore this Domain with us, I'm sure that progress will be smooth indeed.