# Missing title (2937058191)

Unknown Role (None): Why hello, hello! We meet again! What fortune!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, you are...

Unknown Role (None): Gygax! I'm Gygax! You know, from Windtrace! Ring any bells?

Unknown Role (None): You're... that Windtrace guy!

Unknown Role (None): It's Gygax! But you're not wrong... and it's not as if I'm upset that Windtrace is more famous than I am.

Unknown Role (None): So that's who you are!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I remember now!

Unknown Role (None): You say that, but your expression says you don't remember a thing...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, please, look over here. I'm sure you remember Windtrace at least, don't you?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you give me a ton of suggestions after your previous round of play-testing? They were great ideas, too. I've taken just about all of them on board.

Unknown Role (None): I've revised the rules and gameplay once... Uh, well, several times since then.

Unknown Role (None): They won't be overly complex and weirdly worded, will they?

Unknown Role (None): You didn't add any weird gameplay in, did you?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, don't worry, I'm sure you'll love the new stuff. Let me give you a quick rundown.

Unknown Role (None): First off, I've introduced something called a Signaling Device in this brand-new version of Windtrace.

Unknown Role (None): As long as the Rebels can activate 4 such Devices, they'll defeat the Hunter and emerge victorious!

Unknown Role (None): Whereas the Hunter... Well, nothing's changed there! If they manage to capture all the Rebels, they win.

Unknown Role (None): But in this version of Windtrace, when Rebels get caught by the Hunter, they won't be knocked out straight away. Instead, they'll be kept in what's known as the "Surveillance Zone."

Unknown Role (None): After waiting a bit, or with the help of other Rebels, they can escape from the Surveillance Zone and carry on playing.

Unknown Role (None): But if a Rebel who's previously been caught gets captured a second time... they'll be knocked out of the game completely.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds a little complicated...

Unknown Role (None): So many new rules...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. It might sound complicated, but you'll get it after a few rounds.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I'll have a go.

Unknown Role (None): Sure! This way, please...

Unknown Role (None): Not right now.

Unknown Role (None): No worries. Come back when you're free — I'll be here for a while yet.