# Missing title (1326121343)

Unknown Role (None): Hello, dear guests! Please, come here!

Unknown Role (None): I have some good news to share with you. This took much longer than it should have... But in any case — at long last, the new stage is now ready for action!

Unknown Role (None): Put on a spectacular show for your audience, and you will receive a key that opens the door to the World Within the Painting...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, hold up! First storybooks, now a world inside a painting? This place is making less and less sense all the time...

Unknown Role (None): I know what you mean! But as I read in a storybook once, if a magician reveals all their tricks to the audience, it robs them of the surprise.

Unknown Role (None): So, it's quite right that things don't make sense. Madame Mage's magic is just like love — not something to try and make sense of, but something you just feel.

Unknown Role (None): Fair enough, that explanation sorta works... But anyway, about this new World Within the Painting stage — is it any different from the other stage?

Unknown Role (None): The World Within the Painting is a world of many rules... This new stage will put friendship and trust to the test — a classic tale!

Unknown Role (None): And all those who pass the test will receive a small blessing from Madame Mage...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh! Is it a good-luck spell or something? Like, um...

Unknown Role (None): Be careful what you wish for...

Unknown Role (None): I doubt it, and besides...

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Yep, good point, we should be careful what we wish for...

Unknown Role (None): I assure you, there's nothing to be nervous about. The paint is already on the canvas, and Madame Mage's blessing is no longer a secret.

Unknown Role (None): If you're ready, you can step onto the World Within the Painting stage and see for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): As you embark on your new adventure, do as they do in the stories: Whistle your favorite tune, cast your worries aside, and keep courage in your heart.