# Playing in the Snow Counts as Training Too!

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Honorary Knight! Over here, over here!

Unknown Role (None): Klee just made some new friends! Wanna come play with us?

Unknown Role (None): They taught us a new game called Snowtrace.

Unknown Role (None): The rules aren't hard. It's just a very special kind of hide-and-seek!

Unknown Role (None): Aww! Klee, Yaoyao, and Sayu, so you've all become friends!

Unknown Role (None): From the name alone, this game sounds like an upgraded version of Windtrace, huh? Hehe, Paimon can't wait to play with you!

Unknown Role (None): Hide-and-seek? Awesome!

Unknown Role (None): I'd love to meet Klee's new friends too!

Unknown Role (None): Achoo... Even though it isn't that cold at the camp, I'm still feeling a little sleepy...

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm? Are my eyes playing tricks on me, or do I see Traveler and Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): #Your eyes are working perfectly fine. That's Traveler and Paimon alright.

Unknown Role (None): Hey there, Yaoyao! Hey there, Sayu!

Unknown Role (None): Want to play hide-and-seek?

Unknown Role (None): Good idea! Once we get moving and start having fun, we won't doze off that easily!

Unknown Role (None): And didn't that awfully serious Miss Sumire say that spending more time in the snowy mountains would be good for your skills, Sayu?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, I can't believe you guys remembered that!

Unknown Role (None): Alright... But if I lose to my peers or even to that super Ninken, slacking off is going to get a lot more difficult in the future.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like I'm really going to have to pull up my socks on this trip.

Unknown Role (None): And don't you worry! I came up with a new Goulash recipe using Jueyun Chili and ground pepper, and I just made some.

Unknown Role (None): Take a few bites of it before you start. I promise you won't feel cold at all during the game.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds great! Hang on, I'll have a whole bowl first!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon wants some too!

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, let's get our game of hide-and-seek started here in the snowy mountain!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! The whole mountain's covered in snow — it's the perfect hiding spot for Paimon!