# Let's Go, Saury-Saury Scout!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, young Knight, looks like you've brought our great hero over!

Unknown Role (None): It's our Honorary Knight and the Helper in White! Greetings!

Unknown Role (None): Mika and... a friend from Natlan? What are you guys doing here?

Unknown Role (None): We're here to get the word out about something called the Saury-Saury Scout. We think it's something adventurers will find really useful.

Unknown Role (None): It combines the mechanical core of the Scouting Buddy that Amber brought back from Sumeru with the adorable appearance of the little saurian toy my friends from Natlan gave me.

Unknown Role (None): Scouting Buddy... Oh, yeah, Paimon remembers!

Unknown Role (None): Just like the Scouting Buddies from Sumeru, the Saury-Saury Scout can be used to perform monster recon and survey unfamiliar terrain.

Unknown Role (None): But due to our focus being on the latter, the Saury-Saury Scout is designed with a greater emphasis on controllability and precision of movement.

Unknown Role (None): ...Are you interested in taking it on a test flight, Honorary Knight?

Unknown Role (None): That was a very serious introduction.

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to be so formal.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Perhaps I was a little bit nervous just now...

Unknown Role (None): That must be it... I could swear I was more relaxed around you before.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that I've been hearing so many stories about you from friends in other nations lately — your deeds are getting more and more exceptional...

Unknown Role (None): Every time I think about how I need to be helpful and not get in your way, I can't help but tense up again.

Unknown Role (None): That's such a Mika thing to say...

Unknown Role (None): You're doing very well, young Knight!

Unknown Role (None): #Sometimes, in Natlan, when a warrior from our tribe runs into Traveler, they get so excited they just start blabbering. I've even seen folks get so overwhelmed, they can't get a single word out!

Unknown Role (None): #As someone who works alongside Traveler, you're basically a legend yourself. There's no need for you to be nervous, even when talking to our chief!

Unknown Role (None): That's right! You should have more faith in yourself, Mika!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I've never really thought about it from that point of view before...

Unknown Role (None): #Anyway, Traveler, if you test out the Saury-Saury Scout and find it makes the grade, then we'll know for sure that it's a reliable, adorable mechanism that can be a big help to all sorts of adventurers!

Unknown Role (None): I'm a bit of a testing expert!

Unknown Role (None): Let's see what this Saury-Saury can do!

Unknown Role (None): Fantastic! Let me just make a few final tweaks, and then you're good to go!