# Strength, Courage, and Trials

Unknown Role (None): Miss Bold Bang, is your lower back still hurting?

Unknown Role (None): I'm good now... That hot compress worked like a charm!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, to make a hot compress like this, you have to heat the wet bandage with slow-burning gunpowder for just the right amount of time, or you might end up setting it on fire.

Unknown Role (None): Only Yoimiya would come up with a way to warm up bandages like that!

Unknown Role (None): #Hold on a second... Look who's here! Our hero both in name and deed, and his little white companion!

Unknown Role (None): Is this the part where a woven scroll comic scene unfolds right in front of me...?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Are you helping patch her up?

Unknown Role (None): Have you just been through a battle?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, please don't worry about me! I was just wandering about in the wild, looking for some new tough opponents to practice against.

Unknown Role (None): Miss Yoimiya here was really a great help to me when I accidentally hurt my back and tumbled down the hill like a snowball!

Unknown Role (None): Oof... That sounds painful...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, to quote The Soulblazer Saga, "I'm merely a warrior who happened to pass by"...

Unknown Role (None): And now, we can make that a "free mercenary"! The Knights have granted me permission to take action and deal with monsters as I see fit.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like there are still monsters lurking, then?

Unknown Role (None): We'll have to act with caution since there are civilians in the area too.

Unknown Role (None): Things don't look so good... Should we contact the Knights and ask for reinforcements?

Unknown Role (None): True, we can't afford to be careless, but the situation isn't that urgent yet.

Unknown Role (None): The Knights have already cleared out the monsters around the International Cross Country Challenge venue, and there are only a few stragglers wandering about at this point.

Unknown Role (None): And honestly, there are quite a few adventurers competing in the challenge who can hold their own anyway.

Unknown Role (None): They have the strength, skills, and courage. If we treat them like we do the regular folks, they might end up feeling insulted instead.

Unknown Role (None): So, in line with usual practice at the Adventurers' Guild, we're treating this as a trial, and we've formed a team on the spot to deal with those monsters.

Unknown Role (None): And that's exactly what the Trial of Valor is about: clearing monsters, emulating various heroes' combat styles, and transcending your own limits!

Unknown Role (None): Now that's the kind of thinking you'd expect from the Collective of Plenty!

Unknown Role (None): Then I definitely want to be a part of this!

Unknown Role (None): I'm not missing out on this either, that's for sure!

Unknown Role (None): #Awesome! It's been a while since I last saw you in action, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): I'm really excited to see your skills now... I wonder, what kind of fireworks can I compare your dazzling moves to?