# Missing title (3592641383)

Jinwu: Ah, you're here. Thanks for helping us clear the path. Zhiqiong was also a big help in guiding us, as well, so thank you both.

Traveler: Tell me about the camp.

Jinwu: Well, it looks good, eh? My specialty, by the way.

Jinwu: I started learning all this from my father starting from the time I was around ten... How to set up campsites, how to make crystal lamps, how to maintain mining equipment...

Jinwu: I learned and learned, and my father grew old all the while... Eventually, when his eyesight started failing, it fell to me to maintain the safety equipment in the mine.

Jinwu: And even later on... Well, as you can see, I'm not young anymore myself. As for the rest of my tale, it's not much... I found a man, lost a man, had a daughter who went off to Sumeru to study...

Jinwu: Sometimes, when the men at the mines leave us early, it falls to me to take care of their kids... So I carry some sweets around all the time.

Jinwu: And that's why... in my mind, kids always look this way to me: sweet-smelling, staring at me from where they are on the ground, waiting for candy or some colorful rocks to play with.

Paimon: Whoa. Uh, so, do you have candy on you right now, Jinwu?

Jinwu: Candy? Well, it's not the fancy type like you'd get in the city, but you're not going to be picky now, are you?

Paimon: Ah, so that's the kind of candy you're talking about...

Jinwu: People come and go, leaving only memories behind to accompany me... and adventurers who go into the mines like you, of course.

Traveler: Tell me a bit about Zhiqiong.

Jinwu: Zhiqiong's from our latest batch of miners, and she was born in Mingyun Village. To be honest, all the experienced miners at The Chasm were from Mingyun Village. Zhiqiong was just born at the wrong time.

Jinwu: Ah, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that times are hard. I'm just saying that the ore veins dried up at Mingyun a good long time ago, so work there has already ceased.

Jinwu: Shortly after Zhiqiong came to The Chasm, the incident happened and work here stopped as well. I guess she and mining just aren't meant to be.

Traveler: Uh...

Jinwu: Everyone went their separate ways after that. I stayed, though — it's not as if the equipment will maintain themselves. She, on the other hand, became an adventurer.

Jinwu: She hasn't grown up at all, though, and still doesn't value her life at all... or maybe she's just spent too little time down in the mines.

Jinwu: I'm pretty sure that getting used to the mining life and saving a few people from perilous situations might give her a new appreciation for life.

Jinwu: Well, I'm not sure if I can make this request of you, but could you watch over her for me? I'd hate to see her get herself killed.

Traveler: See you.

Jinwu: Alright then. Take care!