# An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why did Little Mao disappear while we weren't looking?

Unknown Role (None): Did he run up ahead of us? There's lots of monsters around here. Let's go up ahead and look.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): I wonder where she's off adventuring nowadays. I can't wait to receive my next letter from her!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, this Big Sis of yours sure seems like an interesting person!

Unknown Role (None): I know, right? Still, Big Sis Fujin needs our help, so let's continue on!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, there you all were. Ah, I was so worried...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, a Golden Carp!

Unknown Role (None): ... *cough* One was quite concerned that the swirling miasmas and fierce beasts that roam might have caused you ill. But one sees that it is not so, and that is good.

Unknown Role (None): #Thanks to the adeptal energy you possess, Traveler, one has been connected to the Golden Carp here, thus gaining the means to speak with you directly.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, Little Mao, please come with me.

## Talk 3

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110002 could not be retrieved

## Talk 4

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110003 could not be retrieved

## Talk 5

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110080 could not be retrieved

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's Mt. Xuanlian right up ahead!

Unknown Role (None): Nice. Let's see what clues we can find.

## Talk 7

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110005 could not be retrieved

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Please, come with me.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Fujin? Wait, why'd you turn into a Golden Carp again?

Unknown Role (None): Well, this form makes movement easier. Do you not like it, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Well, no. Paimon's just not used to talking to a fish.

## Talk 9

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110066 could not be retrieved

## Talk 10

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110074 could not be retrieved

## Talk 12

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110072 could not be retrieved

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): The Sacred Simulacra are all ready!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you both. The Votive Rainjade has been returned to its priests, and the statues have come back to their rightful places. The Rainjade Rite is now ready to be performed.

Unknown Role (None): ...But will Chenyu Vale really recover once you cast the Rainjade in?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Things will get better for us, Little Mao. Nature, jade, humans... All is divinely dictated. The changes in the land and water in Chenyu Vale, the malicious fog in the spirit veins... They are all essentially a sign of the earth moving against the flow of time.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Huh, so that miasma-like thing is a manifestation of environmental disorder...?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that's right. You can think of it like Chenyu Vale's attempt to... How to put it? Return to nature? And what we intend to do here is to treat the land and soil, and rid it of this sickness.

Unknown Role (None): "Return to nature"?

Unknown Role (None): After all, before humans left their caves and mountains to dominate the world and regulate nature, and before Chenyu Vale or Bishui River got those names, the land, mountains, and rivers had their own order.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, even I sometimes miss the cool mountain streams, and the great rivers that would ebb and flow with the seasons. I mean, I was once a mere fish that swam...

Unknown Role (None): But if we let nature seize control of its order once more, the people of Chenyu Vale will suffer and languish. I hope you can understand.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah...

Unknown Role (None): In that case...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Did it work?

Unknown Role (None): That thing in the fog just now...

Unknown Role (None): Nothing seems to have changed...

Unknown Role (None): It seems I am too feeble in my current state.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? We got the Votive Rainjade, and we placed the Simulacra, but it still wasn't enough?

Unknown Role (None): I'm very sorry — it is not your fault. I need more power to overcome this trial. Just as the adeptal energy in the Votive Rainjade has dissipated into the spirit veins, so has my power also left me across the long years.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Will you grow really big just like the jade?

Unknown Role (None): P—Probably not...?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, just think about it, though — Super Adeptus Fujin, now three times the size! Well, is there any way we can restore your power?

Unknown Role (None): The Golden Carp.

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, Traveler, you are wise indeed. Before you found a few Golden Carp, I could not even muster the strength to appear. Initially, I thought that we just needed to gather all the ritual implements, and that would make up for the deficiency in my power...

Unknown Role (None): ...I was not entirely open with you before, but neither the present nor past me was anywhere near a match for the adepti of the south. I... feared you would consider me weak and unworthy of your help...

Unknown Role (None): Gee, is that it? Paimon thought you'd have something more important to say!

Unknown Role (None): Eh?

Unknown Role (None): There's no way we'd abandon or not make friends with you just because of that!

Unknown Role (None): #That I, the Young Master, consider you a friend is not conditional on your status as an adeptus.

Unknown Role (None): #Other than that whole "Young Master" bit, Paimon wanted to say the same thing!

Unknown Role (None): That you are my friend has nothing to do with your status as an adeptus.

Unknown Role (None): My friend told me lots of stories about you. In my mind, even though we've just met, we're already friends, and I also want you to be happy, Big Sis!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright... Thank you, all of you.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's more like it! So, where should we start looking for these Golden Carp?

Unknown Role (None): I believe that you will have to go to Yaodie Valley. There will be a cavern there with a Golden Carp hidden within.

## Talk 14

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110009 could not be retrieved

## Talk 15

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110010 could not be retrieved

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110020 could not be retrieved

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110069 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): We're here, Big Sis Fujin! Have you been waiting for us here all this time?

Unknown Role (None): #Hehe, no, no. After leaving Carp's Rest, I can only appear in places in which my power remains, and only by the grace of your adeptal energy, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a minute... Didn't the gap in the middle of that mural originally have something that went with the Golden Carp mural in it?

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm not sure. In truth, this is my first time seeing this mural as well.

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure you've all heard of the battles that took place in the past.

Unknown Role (None): Khaenri'ah...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I am merely a minor adeptus of Chenyu Vale. I fear I know little about any wars concerning this "Khaenri'ah."

Unknown Role (None): The Archon War?

Unknown Role (None): The Archon War...

Unknown Role (None): Yes. This cave was one of the shelters we built for the inhabitants of Chenyu Vale, such that the innocents caught in the crossfire when the floods overturned the heavens and the earth split open could have a place of safety.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect that they'd draw a mural here, though. I believe the ones depicted to be me... *cough* I mean, the "big, slippery Carp" Little Mao mentioned, and a friend.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... If that's the case, why did the most important part get taken somewhere else?

Unknown Role (None): That's true. Why is that?

Unknown Role (None): ...Perhaps dissatisfaction. The three of us were once great friends, with two of us becoming worshipped as adepti, and one of us was always the mountain's master.

Unknown Role (None): Later, Herblord and I defected together, and she most likely died too. Or perhaps, the one amongst us who fought to the last never submitted, and only heard news of us afterward.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps, to her, we were all traitors, with the depictions of myself and Herblord becoming an object for her to vent her fury against.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Is that really the case? The painting outside looks like...

Unknown Role (None): Who knows? In any case, that's all in the past.

Unknown Role (None): So please, lend me your strength in nursing Chenyu Vale back to health. I can feel that there's another Golden Carp lingering where I used to... Near Mt. Xuanlian, I believe.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so there's another?

Unknown Role (None): If we get that one, I should have enough strength to perform the ritual.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of that, I must apologize for being unable to control the Golden Carp even with you nearby. I know they might have given you some trouble, swimming through the air like that.

Unknown Role (None): That was somewhat troublesome, yes.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, I just think of them like Seelie.

Unknown Role (None): But really, where is the Golden Carp that should be here?

Unknown Role (None): #Hehe, well, inside the painting. Just use your adeptal energy to awaken it, Traveler.

## Talk 28

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110021 could not be retrieved

## Talk 30

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110025 could not be retrieved

## Talk 31

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110084 could not be retrieved

## Talk 32

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110026 could not be retrieved

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Huh, there's a pavilion here on this mountain!

Unknown Role (None): It's rather adepti-style.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Paimon wonders where we'll find that Golden Carp. This place is kinda huge!

Unknown Role (None): #Maybe we can do what we did last time? You know, Traveler, the bit where you used adeptal energy on the mural, and the Carp turned out to be hiding inside?

Unknown Role (None): #Look, Traveler! There's four stone Carp statues here! Do you think there might be four giant Carps hiding inside?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh. That does make sense. You're pretty smart, Little Mao! Traveler, is the adeptal energy reacting in any way?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all.

Unknown Role (None): ...But there seems to be something missing inside.

Unknown Role (None): Huh... That might be where the critical clue lies.

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, Traveler, over here! It looks like there's an orb inside some of these Carp statues!

Unknown Role (None): Didn't we find some statues of Carps and large pearl on our way down the mountain? Maybe those are actually used for something!

Unknown Role (None): A real pearl of wisdom.

Unknown Role (None): That's worth a try. Good job, Little Mao.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Well, let's give it a go, then!

## Talk 34

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110028 could not be retrieved

## Talk 35

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110063 could not be retrieved

## Talk 36

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110029 could not be retrieved

## Talk 37

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110030 could not be retrieved

## Talk 38

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110083 could not be retrieved

## Talk 39

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110031 could not be retrieved

## Talk 40

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110032 could not be retrieved

## Talk 41

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110033 could not be retrieved

## Talk 42

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110034 could not be retrieved

## Talk 43

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110064 could not be retrieved

## Talk 44

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110035 could not be retrieved

## Talk 50

Unknown Role (None): My apologies for the poor hospitality. It has been a long time since I last enjoyed tea with others. Hopefully, my brewing skills have not deteriorated too much over time.

Unknown Role (None): One d— *ahem* I mean, I have some experience in appreciating tea. It was also thanks to this that I was able to tell that this year's tea offering smelled off. That was how I discovered the trouble with the soil and water quality.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Didn't think the offering rites would be so useful.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like it wasn't some sort of meaningless tradition after all.

Unknown Role (None): #Hehe, I suppose now I can tell those who fail to appreciate the value of tea about its value with confidence. Come, Traveler, have some tea!

Unknown Role (None): Is this your teapot, Fujin?

Unknown Role (None): Not sure why, but it reminds me of Madame Ping's...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, there was that time in Liyue Harbor when we fixed Madame Ping's teapot for her! Hehe, if you think about it, we seem to have quite a connection with tea!

Unknown Role (None): Madame Ping? ...Ah, I think I know of whom you speak. We were acquainted back in the day, along with her friends.

Unknown Role (None): As Little Mao said, I was once just a "giant Carp," unable to leave fresh water for too long, nor live in salty waters. As such, they sent me one of these "teapots."

Unknown Role (None): That was how my friends would have been able to take me — inside my teapot, of course — to Guili Plains and Liyue Harbor, to meet those lovely people they spoke of. Unfortunately, such a time never quite came.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, you've been to Liyue Harbor. Could you tell me more about the city?

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to hear about it too! I've never been!

Unknown Role (None): Well, Paimon would like to start from Wanmin Restaurant...

Unknown Role (None): How about I handle the explanations this time?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, but don't you dare skip over any of the eating bits!

Unknown Role (None): "It is a port city built nestled against the mountains..."
You begin, only for Fujin to interrupt you. She notes that she'd like to hear "your" Liyue story.
You understand, and begin again.
"When we arrived in Liyue Harbor, Paimon and I were just in time for the Rite of Descension..."

Unknown Role (None): The child and adeptus before you listen to your words (and Paimon's incessant interjections), leaning forward as you speak, exclaiming in shock and relaxing as the tension in the tale rises and falls.
They also add their own commentary and questions about Liyue (such as the food and flavors available at restaurants, the toys the old lady sells, the gems and jewelry of Feiyun Slope, and such.)

Unknown Role (None): As you watch Fujin, Little Mao, and Paimon be so moved by the tale...

Unknown Role (None): (Along this journey...)

Unknown Role (None): (We met many friends.)

Unknown Role (None): (We met many friends.)

Unknown Role (None): (And experienced so many things)

Unknown Role (None): (And experienced so many things)

Unknown Role (None): (It was all worth it.)

Unknown Role (None): (I can only hope that in the end, it will all be worth it.)

Unknown Role (None): Wow! A sea monster, huh? Amazing!

Unknown Role (None): Liyue Harbor is... not what I imagined.

Unknown Role (None): Do you find it disappointing?

Unknown Role (None): Well, no, just different, being different doesn't make it bad. I like the Liyue Harbor you described.

Unknown Role (None): ...It's good to hear that after all this time, our dear Herblord was able to find a home there. I think that's simply wonderful.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): What about you, Little Mao? Could you tell me about you and your friend? I'm curious to know what she's like.

Unknown Role (None): #Um, sure. I mean, Paimon and Traveler have met her already, so it wouldn't be fair if I didn't tell you.

Unknown Role (None): So, this is how we met...

Unknown Role (None): At that time, I was still a little kid who didn't know anything about the mountains. It was nighttime, and some wild beasts were following me through the forest. It was super scary!
Finally, I was chased to a clearing, and surrounded by those beasties. For a moment, I was convinced I was gonna get eaten, but suddenly, they all backed off into the woods, and then they were gone.

Unknown Role (None): When I looked back, there she was, looking at me. She was like jade, but there was a dignity to her.
I knew it then, that she was the master of the mountain that my grandparents had told me about. I wasn't scared. I just told her...

Unknown Role (None): "I finally found you! I've been looking for you for so long!"

Unknown Role (None): I don't know why, but she lowered her head in thought before walking off. She made no noise as she did so. I listened as hard as I could, but there were no sounds of anything stepping on branches or fallen leaves.
After that, I would sometimes catch sight of her, moving between trees in a flash. Sometimes, the rising moonlight would outline her shadow as she stood atop a high mountain.
At that time, I thought it was strange. Why hadn't I seen her before? She was always there, after all.

Unknown Role (None): I wanted to talk to her, but she would always turn and leave. It was only later that she became willing to talk to me. Much later on, she would take me up very high mountains and into very deep forests. She asked me a lot of questions, and in exchange, she told me lots of stories.
In the beginning, Qiaoying Village was a nameless, barren mountain, and the rivers had a real temper. Sometimes, they'd flood, and other times, they would all but wither.
And on that barren mountain, she made two friends: a fish, and a snake...

Unknown Role (None): But later, the snake was cut into pieces, and the fish sank into the sea... and then, only Bluey was left.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Little Mao.

Unknown Role (None): Also, um... Don't tell anyone about my friend, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Of course we won't!

Unknown Role (None): You seem quite familiar with this friend of Little Mao's, Fujin.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. But that was all in my past life. Many, many years have passed since I could no longer move freely. I suspect that I might not recognize her any longer, though from Little Mao's words, she might not have changed too much.

Unknown Role (None): P—Past life?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, perhaps that is not the most accurate way to phrase it. I did not utterly perish, but I did lose my original form, and my strength and wisdom dissipated along the spirit veins.

Unknown Role (None): #This is also why I invited you and Traveler to Carp's Rest. If we were not there, I would not even have a form to show you or a voice with which to speak to you.

Unknown Role (None): It is thanks to you that I've been able to slowly regain my previous strength. Coming here and once more seeing these scenes with my own eyes, meeting old friends from the past... and more importantly, making new friends.

Unknown Role (None): I'm very glad.

Unknown Role (None): How did you die?

Unknown Role (None): ...My memories of that have grown foggy. The Herblord and I were both servants of another god, and it was I that organized the Rainjade Rite, administering the rivers and mountains for our lord. As for the other... She was as she is — a beast, wild and free.

Unknown Role (None): In those peaceful days, I also climbed waterfalls to Mt. Aocang and Mt. Hulao, and there I met with the adepti, whose powers and wisdom far eclipse mine. Of course, that was all before the war.

Unknown Role (None): Our lord was not a heinous being by any means. Once upon a time, she made many dreams come true — if there was any evil, it was the Archon War itself. What happened next needs no further explanation on my part, I'm sure.

Unknown Role (None): You talked about how you and Herblord defected...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that's right. That might've been the bravest thing we've ever done!

Unknown Role (None): Our lord had all but gone mad seeking the position of a god who may rule this world... or perhaps seeking survival. Either way, she lacked the power to overcome Morax.

Unknown Role (None): So, in a final, desperate gamble, she caused the Bishui River to flood, hoping to destroy everything downstream. Of course, she knew what that would mean for Chenyu Vale and its people.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... But, uh, Paimon thinks that that's something you should never ever do, period...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps that's just what war does to people. Either way, that was our final adventure as a trio of friends.

Unknown Role (None): Lingyuan attacked people with her familiars, herding them to the shelter we had prepared. Herblord fought against our mistress, while I climbed Mt. Lingmeng, and hurled the Votive Rainjade into the rising waters.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, that wasn't a proper Rainjade Rite. It was simply the release of the adeptal energies stored within the jade pendant to have the earth open its maw and swallow the rivers, and allow the Jademouth to grow and stabilize the flow.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, what happened next?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, didn't Little Mao tell you how it all ended?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah...

Unknown Role (None): That's right... Wait. Really? When?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, that's enough about the past. We should get back to performing the Rite itself.

Unknown Role (None): True... But what about the Golden Carp? Isn't that what we're looking for?

Unknown Role (None): In truth, you've already found it, as with the previous one. That's how I was able to appear before you.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that I missed the scenery here a bit too much, so I couldn't help but have a long chat with you all. After all, your sense of time and mine are not the same. You won't tarry long once your objectives are complete, will you?

Unknown Role (None): As such, I apologize. Please forgive my capriciousness.

## Talk 51

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110045 could not be retrieved

## Talk 52

Unknown Role (None): Though my power is still a far cry from how it was in the past, thanks to your aid, I have regained much strength. Thank you. Next, we need to perform the ceremony.

Unknown Role (None): What effects will it have?

Unknown Role (None): It's been thousands of years since we last performed it, and the mountains, rivers, and spirit veins have all changed a great deal. But if all goes well, the Votive Rainjade will resolve the issue.

Unknown Role (None): Well then, let's begin.

## Talk 55

Unknown Role (None): The fog's dissipating...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa? What's that!?

Unknown Role (None): Huh. It's just like in the mural! Do you remember, Paimon? The one with the two golden people, and something in between them!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, you're really impressive, Little Mao. Paimon didn't remember that at all!

Unknown Role (None): Behold, the sacred mountain.

Unknown Role (None): In my era, to merely climb it was already to transgress. But the ancestral inhabitants of this place are gone, and the communing path lies waste and broken. Who shall judge us now?

Unknown Role (None): That is where the spirit veins of Chenyu Vale converge. Through it, I can transmit my adeptal energy throughout the vale, restoring its water and its soil...

Unknown Role (None): #We are only one step off from achieving our goal. Are you prepared, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Let's do this.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

## Talk 56

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110049 could not be retrieved

## Talk 57

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110050 could not be retrieved

## Talk 58

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110051 could not be retrieved

## Talk 59

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110052 could not be retrieved

## Talk 60

Unknown Role (None): Lingyuan... I perceived it would be you. And I do miss you so, but this really... might be a bad time.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? So Bluey's name is Lingyuan?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Don't be like that. Speak with me.

Unknown Role (None): The opportunity to speak will come, but it is not now. You know this.

Unknown Role (None): I know this, but I cannot allow it.

Unknown Role (None): Wait just a while longer. It will end soon.

Unknown Role (None): I do not like the things up there. But it does not matter. Just leave it to me, Fujin.

Unknown Role (None): Do not come up here.

## Talk 61

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110053 could not be retrieved

## Talk 62

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110054 could not be retrieved

## Talk 63

Unknown Role (None): I am quite sorry for not being completely frank with you earlier...

Unknown Role (None): Though I became aware of it during our travels, I did not wish to believe that my old friend Lingyuan would be the source of the storm that buffets Chenyu Vale.

Unknown Role (None): I actually had an inkling already...

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You did? When? How did you figure it out?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, so that's what's going on!

Unknown Role (None): She, Herblord, and I once defended Chenyu Vale together. To think that she would do something so wicked... Her disruption of the spirit veins has caused the miasma to propagate, and the one who stopped me from performing the Rite the first time was also her.

Unknown Role (None): But Big Sis Fujin... Bluey... I mean, Lingyuan, isn't a bad person...

Unknown Role (None): ...I know, Little Mao. She is your friend. But at this time, she is the greatest threat to Chenyu Vale. If she controls this sacred mountain, she will wield the power to completely alter the land of Chenyu Vale in the blink of an eye.

Unknown Role (None): I fear that Lingyuan has already entered Chiwang Terrace before us. She means to rewrite the flow and path of the spirit veins... We have little time left.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler. You have mastered the adeptal energy available here in Chenyu Vale. Lingyuan and her familiars will not be your match.

Unknown Role (None): Please accompany me for a time and aid me, for the sake of the people in Chenyu Vale. I will perform a ritual and open up the way to Chiwang Terrace. Please stay by my side and... protect me.

## Talk 64

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110056 could not be retrieved

## Talk 65

Unknown Role (None): Why won't you listen to me? Will you not wait?

Unknown Role (None): Your strength is feeble. You cannot match me. But do not worry. You will soon recover.

Unknown Role (None): #Lingyuan... Say no more. Traveler and I will stop you. We will stop this... plan to destroy Chenyu Vale.

Unknown Role (None): The ritual is complete. The gate to Chiwang Terrace is now open!

## Talk 66

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110071 could not be retrieved

## Talk 67

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110081 could not be retrieved

## Talk 68

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7110058 could not be retrieved

## Talk 69

Unknown Role (None): Lingyuan...

Unknown Role (None): Human. Let me tell you what you shall do. Fire arrows at my heart. If you approach up close, strike me with your sword. I will fight you to the last.

Unknown Role (None): You are the only one here who can fight. When I have crushed your neck, I will triumph.

Unknown Role (None): No!

Unknown Role (None): I don't intend to kill you.

Unknown Role (None): ...Why? I do not understand.

Unknown Role (None): You've already lost.

Unknown Role (None): You're Fujin's friend.

Unknown Role (None): ...Fine. You may ask me one question.

Unknown Role (None): You still really care about doing things like that, even though you lost, huh...

Unknown Role (None): Then let us exchange questions.

Unknown Role (None): Little Mao, do you have any questions?

Unknown Role (None): Um... Bluey... Why did you have to fight? Can't we all be friends?

Unknown Role (None): You bunch of two-legged... And you, Fujin. You have not the strength to form two legs of your own, yet you wish to walk in their form and speak to me. But how can humans and wild beasts ever be friends?

Unknown Role (None): That's not true, Bluey, you're lying! If that's the case, why didn't you just let those beasts eat me back then? If humans and beasts can't be friends, and you're a beast, you shouldn't have helped me!

Unknown Role (None): ...My actions are sometimes beyond even my own understanding. You were merely fortunate.

Unknown Role (None): Well, why didn't you just eat Mountain as well? She almost bumped into you while lost in the fog at the foot of the mountain. I saw it!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): You humans possess such wisdom that even nature submits to your will. In that case, you tell me. Why didn't I eat her?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? What kind of question is that...

Unknown Role (None): Mt. Laixin is dear to Adeptus Fujin.

Unknown Role (None): ...Let us just assume you are correct. She has told me much about the Rainjade Rite. Perhaps those memories affected my actions.

Unknown Role (None): You actually remembered everything I told you...

Unknown Role (None): Every year before the rite, you would tell me and that white snake how expectant you were, and how nervous. And after the rite, you would tell us how the festivities were so fun and lively. You would always speak, and I could not help but listen.

Unknown Role (None): Only humans forget. I forget nothing.

Unknown Role (None): You have cleared this doubt of mine. Now, you may ask a question.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Adeptus Fujin, have you any questions?

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you, Traveler. Just a while back, Lingyuan, I was telling them stories about our past... Why do you wish to wreck Chenyu Vale, which we once fought so hard to protect?

Unknown Role (None): ...You planted tea trees, promising to enjoy tea with us. This too I remember. But that sort of tea no longer exists.

Unknown Role (None): I want to change this land. I want to make it like it was all those millennia ago. You have walked with humans for too long. You have forgotten that you, I, and the snake all came from nature.

Unknown Role (None): I knew that you never truly perished. And you did not depart this place like the snake. So I wish to change this place to the form it had when you were born. All these years, I have been slowly adjusting the spirit veins.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I get it! So that's where the miasma came from...

Unknown Role (None): Correct. Side effects. In the end, the process will change the soil, the waters, and the forests to what they should have been.

Unknown Role (None): What the soil, waters, and forest... should have been?

Unknown Role (None): You truly have forgotten the past. The rivers rose and fell with the rains, and their path was not fixed. The tea trees and flowers were not trimmed or cultivated, nor did they exist for humanity.

Unknown Role (None): In such an environment, you would regain your old form, and frolic once more in the great rivers. You would regain your strength. Spiritual power blanketed the land in those days, the wild shrubs grew thick. Now, the mountains and forests are silent, and the shimmering voice of the spring waters, tinkling like jade, can be heard no longer.

Unknown Role (None): But you don't understand. You still think you must stop me.

Unknown Role (None): ...Lingyuan, I count myself more blessed than most to have lived such a happy life, and in the end, my soul returned to my home. You are the one who does not understand.

Unknown Role (None): Yes. And I have never understood. After you defeated me, you should have taken my territory. You planted tea on my mountain and gave that land to the humans. I do not understand why you did this.

Unknown Role (None): Chenyu Vale was once but a nameless land, and we were nameless insects, beasts, and fish. I was the master of an uncultivated mountain, and today, that place belongs to neither of us.

Unknown Role (None): You took a human form and walked among them. You instituted the Rainjade Rite, and helped them change the soil and water. I did not understand then either, but I could see how happy you were.

Unknown Role (None): The snake changed into a human form and used her knowledge to create medicines and save the sick. I could understand how the agile human fingers could help her do what she wished, but I do not know why it was done.

Unknown Role (None): What happened after caused me still more confusion. You fought alongside humans and their so-called gods, and you perished. Humans fighting each other over territory and survival... Now that, I can understand.

Unknown Role (None): You both belong to the great river and the mountainous forests. You could have chosen to leave them and live on with me. Let that which is human belong to them, and nature belong to nature. Even if our territory were to shrink, we could still live freely.

Unknown Role (None): But now you wish to stop me and defend this land subdued by humanity. Answer me. Why?

Unknown Role (None): Lingyuan, my friend... It is as you say. I do wish to protect them.

Unknown Role (None): ...Do not answer me with my own question! I was asking you why.

Unknown Role (None): (This Lingyuan might be a beast, but she sure cares about the order of things, huh?)

Unknown Role (None): (I know! That's how I learned so much from her.)

Unknown Role (None): (...So you guys were just discussing stuff... in the mountains...?)

Unknown Role (None): (Well, not totally. That said, after hearing everything Bluey said about Big Sis Fujin, I thought they'd be happy to meet each other...)

Unknown Role (None): At first, I was like you. I did not understand humanity, and I did not enjoy their... excessive demands and love of hoarding, or their eternal desire to have more than they need, while caring so little for the needy themselves...

Unknown Role (None): "Trading," "wealth"... Like you, I did not understand these concepts and did not understand why they influence human joy and sorrow.

Unknown Role (None): But across the long years, I have also seen many other things.

Unknown Role (None): The cries of children break my heart, and the sound of an old person's shattered memories saddens me... Just as though it were all a microcosm of these mountains and rivers.

Unknown Role (None): Have you noticed them, seen them? The children who wash their little feet in the streams, fishermen laughing beneath the light of the rainbow's arc, the moonlight trysts of lovebirds, their figures painted silver...

Unknown Role (None): Humans, too, are creatures of this land. Just how different is their innocence from ours?

Unknown Role (None): ...You mean to say that you have chosen to take their side due to these emotions. Not through natural principles or logic. And not due to anyone's orders.

Unknown Role (None): I suspect that Herblord had much the same reasons as I. That said, I'm sure she'd put it all very differently, ha!

Unknown Role (None): I remain unsatisfied with your answer, Fujin. I do not understand.

Unknown Role (None): Do you not? I think you've understood for a long time. When our lord... When our previous god raised the waters, it was you who brought your familiars around to attack the people and drive them to the shelters we had created.

Unknown Role (None): I just...!

Unknown Role (None): ...I just wished to help my friends. To make their wishes reality.

Unknown Role (None): Even if doing so means going against nature and the principles you follow?

Unknown Role (None): Even if it meant going against nature and the principles I follow, I would do so anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Well, then we aren't all that different now, are we? Didn't you also choose your own position on account of your feelings?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I am satisfied with your answer, Fujin. Now, you may ask a question.

Unknown Role (None): #Very well. May I ask the next question, Traveler, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Ask away.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Paimon can't really think of any good questions at the moment. Since you've got one, you go right ahead!

Unknown Role (None): Eh? What about my question?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, why are you acting like a kid all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's really uncool of you!

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, I apologize... But the question I wish to ask is very important, so I hope you can let me ask it. I'll make it up to you later, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, wasn't it Paimon's turn?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can't really think of any good questions at the moment, so, uh... Since you wanna ask a question, Adeptus Fujin, go right ahead!

Unknown Role (None): You acknowledged my answer, acknowledged me, and acknowledged that you made choices based on your own feelings. Now, let me ask you...

Unknown Role (None): N—No... Don't ask.

Unknown Role (None): You know what I'm going to ask you, right?

Unknown Role (None): "...If I needed your help, would you still make the same choice?"

Unknown Role (None): That's right. And what's your answer?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*...

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I would. Even should another thousand years pass, and even if you asked me a thousand more times, my answer would be the same.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, Lingyuan, I do in fact need your help. I truly wish to save the people of Chenyu Vale, so please, don't stop me from nursing the water and soil, alright?

Unknown Role (None): ...I promise you, Fujin. You have walked with humans for much time, and have learned their cunning, while I am but a foolish beast. My claws and teeth are sharp, but I am no match for you.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Lingyuan.

Unknown Role (None): #And thank you, Traveler, Paimon, and Little Mao. You've accompanied me for so long, and you've helped me a lot. I wouldn't have made it here without you.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... I'm happy to have helped you, Big Sis! I'm so glad that Bluey got to meet you all, too. I was so worried when you fought...

Unknown Role (None): #You also have my thanks, Traveler, Little Mao. It was you who brought Fujin to me. Though the circumstances of the meeting were not what I hoped for.

Unknown Role (None): And what about Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, then. Let us begin.

## Talk 70

Unknown Role (None): However, she hasn't written to me in a long time. If I were to guess, she's off adventuring in some faraway place. Maybe in the "Ancient City of Ys," or something like that.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that sounds about right.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Heh, this Big Sis of yours sure seems like an interesting person!

Unknown Role (None): I know, right? Still, Big Sis Fujin needs our help, so let's continue on!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, there you all were. Ah, I was so worried...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, a Golden Carp!

Unknown Role (None): ... *cough* One was quite concerned that the swirling miasmas and fierce beasts that roam might have caused you ill. But one sees that it is not so, and that is good.

Unknown Role (None): #Thanks to the adeptal energy you possess, Traveler, one has been connected to the Golden Carp here, thus gaining the means to speak with you directly.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, Little Mao, please come with me.

## Talk 71

Unknown Role (None): Big Sis Fujin? Big Sis...

Unknown Role (None): Where did she go?

Unknown Role (None): Do you still not understand? She used all the energy she accumulated recently to nurse the land.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, if that's the case... Does that mean...

Unknown Role (None): ...Yes. It is as you suspect.

Unknown Role (None): But... She struggled so hard to...

Unknown Role (None): Though we have now finished nursing the soil and water, the miasma that remains will not disappear immediately, so you'll have to be careful out there.

Unknown Role (None): Eh?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for making you all see me like this. It is just as Lingyuan said. I have completely used up the energy I accumulated recently, and I can no longer maintain my favored form.

Unknown Role (None): Waaaaa... Paimon thought... Paimon thought that...

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong?

Unknown Role (None): ...*sigh* Nothing, nothing! Paimon's glad you're still here, Adeptus Fujin! Seriously, Lingyuan...

Unknown Role (None): What about me?

Unknown Role (None): She wasn't entirely wrong, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): As long as you're still here, Adeptus Fujin.

Unknown Role (None): Though my form is as it has become, I am far more comfortable than before. At first, I was trapped at Carp's Rest, and could only reminisce about the outside world through the scent of the tea offerings.

Unknown Role (None): If I had not met you and Paimon, people of such compatibility with the spirit veins, I would have had none but my shadow to talk to, much less be able to leave Carp's Rest.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for your concern. Please forgive me, but I must depart now. I'll need a bit of rest.

Unknown Role (None): And another thing, Lingyuan.

Unknown Role (None): Speak. What else would you have me do? Or not do.

Unknown Role (None): Nothing. I just didn't get to say this due to the circumstances that prevailed before, but...

Unknown Role (None): ...But it's so good to see you again.

Unknown Role (None): I know.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you all.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Where did that one come from...

Unknown Role (None): I should thank you for bringing her back. Safe, smooth, and slippery. Even the way in which her fins move is the same as I remember.

Unknown Role (None): You sure have a, uh, strange way of remembering people... or fish, whichever.

Unknown Role (None): I do not know how you did it, nor why you were able to obtain her adeptal energy. All these thousands of years, and I never once heard her voice.

Unknown Role (None): #It might be due to Traveler's, uh, unique constitution?

Unknown Role (None): I see. However, I am but a foolish beast. Even if I wanted to see her again, I would not know of a better way.

Unknown Role (None): I could only spend thousands of years clumsily imitating her methods, regulating the spirit veins in this land.

Unknown Role (None): I am quite stupid, and I only knew this method, and so I did it — it was akin to scooping every droplet from a rushing river, or every grain of sand from the vast desert.

Unknown Role (None): I knew as well that she would not smile as she once did, even if these mountains returned to how they once were.

Unknown Role (None): She, I, and the snake once laughed and swam happily here. Those days will never come again.

Unknown Role (None): She loves humanity too much, even more than she loves herself. Had I succeeded, she would only hate me.

Unknown Role (None): But that would have not mattered to me, so long as she could regain her form and swim free once more.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* And Paimon thought you were more concerned about nature...

Unknown Role (None): Of course I care. A land untamed by humans, a land of wild beasts. But that is a different subject from the matter of Fujin.

Unknown Role (None): If she thinks that a land tamed by humans is better, and that the strange tea leaves grown on such land taste superior, then I shall do what pleases her.

Unknown Role (None): So, thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Um, you're welcome?

Unknown Role (None): Well, speaking of that, Paimon's curious. What did the tea leaves taste like in the past?

Unknown Role (None): When the land changed before, the tea leaves' flavor was much closer to what it was in the past, apart from some differences due to human influence.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so you mean that the weirdly flavored teacakes we had were...

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I prefer the current flavor profile...

Unknown Role (None): Tea leaves cultivated by humanity will be more to their liking, of course. What I do not understand is Fujin's tastes.

Unknown Role (None): If the snake was here, we could ask for her opinion. But perhaps her tastes have also become strange from spending so much time with humans.

Unknown Role (None): #Before you go, Traveler, I have one final question for you.

Unknown Role (None): Those that come from nature will, for some reason, go against nature — against the laws nature originally followed.

Unknown Role (None): Will humans also go against humanity, against the principles they initially followed, for certain reasons?

Unknown Role (None): Yes.

Unknown Role (None): No.

Unknown Role (None): That depends on the circumstances.

Unknown Role (None): You may as well have said just "yes."

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. I have received the answer I desired.

Unknown Role (None): #Well then, Little Mao, Traveler, and Paimon. We shall meet again.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then. See you later, Bluey!

Unknown Role (None): Also, remember to take care of Big Sis Fujin! She seems kinda weak right now, so she could use some extra care!

Unknown Role (None): I will. Farewell.

Unknown Role (None): Please wait, Lingyuan.

Unknown Role (None): I have a question for you as well.

Unknown Role (None): Ask, then. I do owe you that.

Unknown Role (None): If human activities are part of the laws of nature...

Unknown Role (None): How would you view humanity?

Unknown Role (None): A strange question. In the distant past, they were indeed part of nature. But they are so no longer. That is because...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): No, I need to give this question more thought. Next time we meet, I will give you my answer.

## Talk 72

Unknown Role (None): You're back! We were just saying that good rainfall's bound to bring good tidings! And what do you know, dear guests? You've arrived, right on time!

Unknown Role (None): How did it go? Well, I trust? Tell us all about it!

Unknown Role (None): It was thanks to Adeptus Fujin...

Unknown Role (None): We were able to clear the source of the anomalies...

Unknown Role (None): #So you met the legendary Carp Adeptus!? Oh my, as one would expect of the young master of the Feiyun Commerce Guild. You really do have friends in high places!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it was a piece of cake for me!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Anyway, your soil and water problems should be solved now!

Unknown Role (None): Now, your water and soil problems should be no more.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, Old Luo, just what did I say? I told you it was a problem with the soil, but you wouldn't listen! If it wasn't for their help, we'd still be tealess come next year's Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): *cough* That, uh... Regardless, thank you both for your help, honored guests!

Unknown Role (None): With your help, and the protection of the Carp Adeptus, I'm sure our village will surely see a great harvest of tea leaves this coming year.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes, please take these. Take it as a token of our thanks!

Unknown Role (None): ...Right, Paimon almost forgot! We came across this kid during our adventures. Is he from the village, too?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Uncle Luo, I'm back!

Unknown Role (None): Well, if it isn't you, Little Mao? Finally of a mind to come back, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You don't seem worried at all...

Unknown Role (None): And what is there to fret about? This kid runs around in the mountains all the time, and he always comes back safe after getting tired. If you ask me, there's been an adeptus looking after him in secret all along! You know, maybe that might even have been said Carp Adeptus...

Unknown Role (None): I've said it before — that wasn't an adeptus. It was Bluey—

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, Little Mao, don't argue with Luo here. He's just pretending to know what he's talking about. Come by my place later — I'll make you some egg custard!

Unknown Role (None): Woohoo! Egg custard!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, and now you pretend to be a good person... Wait, what do you mean, "pretending to know"?

Unknown Role (None): ...In any case, I don't really know how to repay you, dear guests.

Unknown Role (None): If you should need any help in the future, Qiaoying Village will be there to lend you a hand!

Unknown Role (None): You explain what happened to Grandpa Lu and Uncle Luo...

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): You're back! We were just saying that good rainfall's bound to bring good tidings! And what do you know, dear guests? You've arrived, right on time!

Unknown Role (None): How did it go? Well, I trust? Tell us all about it!

Unknown Role (None): It was thanks to Adeptus Fujin...

Unknown Role (None): We were able to clear the source of the anomalies...

Unknown Role (None): You explain what happened to Grandpa Lu and Uncle Luo...

Unknown Role (None): #So you met the legendary Carp Adeptus!? Oh my, as one would expect of the young master of the Feiyun Commerce Guild. You really do have friends in high places!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, it was a piece of cake for me!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Anyway, your soil and water problems should be solved now!

Unknown Role (None): Now, your water and soil problems should be no more.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Old Luo, what did I say? I told you it was a soil problem, but you wouldn't listen. If it wasn't for them, who knows when our tea leaf problem would be solved!

Unknown Role (None): *cough* That, uh... Regardless, thank you both for your help, honored guests!

Unknown Role (None): With your help, and the protection of the Carp Adeptus, I'm sure our village will surely see a great harvest of tea leaves this coming year.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes, please take these. Take it as a token of our thanks!

Unknown Role (None): ...Right, Paimon almost forgot! We came across this kid during our adventures. Is he from the village, too?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Uncle Luo, I'm back!

Unknown Role (None): Well, if it isn't you, Little Mao? Finally of a mind to come back, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You don't seem worried at all...

Unknown Role (None): And what is there to fret about? This kid runs around in the mountains all the time, and he always comes back safe after getting tired. If you ask me, there's been an adeptus looking after him in secret all along! You know, maybe that might even have been said Carp Adeptus...

Unknown Role (None): I've said it before — that wasn't an adeptus. It was Bluey—

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, Little Mao, don't argue with Luo here. He's just pretending to know what he's talking about. Come by my place later — I'll make you some egg custard!

Unknown Role (None): Woohoo! Egg custard!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, and now you pretend to be a good person... Wait, what do you mean, "pretending to know"?

Unknown Role (None): ...In any case, I don't really know how to repay you, dear guests.

Unknown Role (None): If you should need any help in the future, Qiaoying Village will be there to lend you a hand!

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): The Sacred Simulacra... During the earliest festivals, people didn't know how they should carve the statues, and the products turned out a real mess. Even that friend of mine couldn't help but burst into laughter upon seeing it...

Unknown Role (None): #Ah... Sorry about that, Traveler, I got lost in the past again...