# Scenarios for Study

Unknown Role (None): #Thanks to the both of you, Traveler and your most talented helper!

Unknown Role (None): In the course of observing these Wargames, we've seen all sorts of combat strategies put into practice and a wide range of complex scenarios that we can analyze and learn from.

Unknown Role (None): Now, we just need to broaden our model by taking into account the different types of soldiers and their special traits. We'll then be able to create a variety of scenario-based training manuals for different units to study.

Unknown Role (None): If the two of you are interested, I'd be happy to provide you with said manuals next time we meet. That way, you'll be able to try out different scenarios in your spare time.

Unknown Role (None): So that's it? It feels like we just got started...

Unknown Role (None): We know that the two of you are very busy, so we tried to cut down on the number of similar scenarios so it didn't get too repetitive. Of course, if you haven't had enough, you're welcome to come back and keep playing anytime!

Unknown Role (None): Finally finished! All thanks to m—I mean Paimon and me...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Paimon hasn't gotten her head around all the rules yet, but it was pretty fun! Seems like the results were good too!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, on behalf of the Millelith General Staff and the representatives of all the other participating entities, allow me to express my sincere gratitude!

Unknown Role (None): With any luck, we'll get a chance to work with you again in future. That way, we shall get even better at wiping out monsters and securing our lands!

Unknown Role (None): I'd be delighted to help!

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely... if I have the time!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, everything's gone so smoothly. Not only did we manage to strengthen our connections with various groups we've met before, but we helped people all across Teyvat too!

Unknown Role (None): Besides, Paimon's learned loads from watching you wargame.

Unknown Role (None): If we have some time to kill at some point, maybe we can come back and test out some more scenarios...

Unknown Role (None): Such as, uhh... If an Abyss Mage had to fight it out against the Great Snowboar King, who would win?

Unknown Role (None): Or... Who has the hardest head, a Ruin Guard or a Geovishap?