# A Muddy Bizarre Adventure

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you say that theoretically, there wouldn't be any problems?

Unknown Role (None): The Spike wound up causing the dark mud to gush out instead...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, is that how it is... Agh, to think that I did not factor the ground into my calculations. Ah, what an error.

Unknown Role (None): Factor the ground into your calculations?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Our previous experiments all took place on softer soil.

Unknown Role (None): But within The Chasm, the medium through which the Spike's energy travels is not soil but rock, which has very different properties. This caused a major discrepancy between the earlier calculations and the actual results.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, theory is not a mere matter of imagination. Instead, it must be grounded and proven in reality.

Unknown Role (None): This proving process seems kinda dangerous, though. Also, why did so much mud come out all at once?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, this place is quite far from the mining complex, so the mud really shouldn't be flowing all the way here... The situation must be more urgent than we imagined.

Unknown Role (None): Also, the Pursina's Spike has a definite effect on environments affected by the dark mud. This shows that the mud's proliferation is, as I guessed, an issue that stems from the Ley Lines.

Unknown Role (None): This proves the need for experimentation and proof, does it not?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, if I had done the experiment myself, I would have wound up being attacked by the monsters.

Unknown Role (None): Not that I worry about being injured — that would be a small loss compared to any damage that might be done to the Pursina's Spike. How would I answer to our great tutor Firnas or my fellow researchers in the Kshahrewar...

Unknown Role (None): You should pay more attention to your own safety nonetheless.

Unknown Role (None): True. The data we've collected can be used to adjust the results of our calculations. Now, the solutions to these interfering parameters... I believe there are four such methods, though there should be only one that will prove most effective.

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you so much for helping me with this test run, Traveler. I will make some adjustments to the Pursina's Spike.

Unknown Role (None): Later, it can be moved into the mining complex, where operations can then begin.

Unknown Role (None): You're moving it into the mining complex?

Unknown Role (None): By yourself?

Unknown Role (None): Well, no. I had agreed with Khedive to hire some of the local miners here to move it.

Unknown Role (None): But when they heard that my objective was to resolve the issue of the dark mud, they refused any payment.

Unknown Role (None): I've spoken to Khedive and Muning from the Ministry of Civil Affairs, however. The Mora will still go to them as compensation.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I'll need you to help start the machine up once it reaches its destination.