# Behind the Scenes

Unknown Role (None): Did... this area get cleared? Huh... I think it should have been cleared already...

Unknown Role (None): Agh, what a headache.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... You're... the Traveler! My apologies, I was too busy. I didn't even notice you.

Unknown Role (None): What are you so busy with?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... So, it's like this. For this year's Lantern Rite festival, we of the Liyue Harbor Adventurers' Guild have been dispatched by the Ministry of Civil Affairs to help with some tertiary tasks.

Unknown Role (None): The Millelith are primarily responsible for patrolling the city and other key areas. We, on the other hand, get to go out and clear out some monsters... along with those good for nothing bandits too.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, you're a registered adventurer as well, aren't you? I've heard plenty about your exploits.

Unknown Role (None): If you want, you can help us out too. What do you say?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it supposed to be the holidays...

Unknown Role (None): What about the Lantern Rite...

Unknown Role (None): Well... Since we are helping the ministry during a holiday, they're providing additional compensation for our efforts.

Unknown Role (None): So, should any adventurers be willing to take on these commissions, they'll be able to collect more rewards upon completing their tasks...

Unknown Role (None): How much additional compensation are we talking about?

Unknown Role (None): Trust me, it's plenty!

Unknown Role (None): Then... show me what needs to be done...

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Alright! I knew you wouldn't just stay idle. I'll be sure to mark down all the locations already confirmed by the Guild. Also, please take this miniature Launch Tube.

Unknown Role (None): Should you accept one of the commissions... Remember to launch some fireworks after you clear out an area.

Unknown Role (None): After you launch the fireworks, we will send someone to designate the area as "cleared."

Unknown Role (None): And then, we will adjust the overall plan in accordance with the areas that have been cleared.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds pretty strategic...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... This is the Lantern Rite festival after all. We can't let anything go wrong... People are more tense than a stretched cord right now.

Unknown Role (None): Never mind this for now. I'll go take a look at the situation. Need to make a report to Lan later...

Unknown Role (None): That depends on how much work I still have left.