# Radiant Sparks

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Happy Lantern Rite, esteemed ones!

Unknown Role (None): You guys have been having fun? How about going on a special adventure with me?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, you called us "esteemed ones"! Such a great attitude!

Unknown Role (None): Recently, we've been having a lot of fun! But... why is Paimon getting a strange feeling that we've met before?

Unknown Role (None): You guys are extremely diligent adventurers, so I'm sure we've bumped into each other at some point!

Unknown Role (None): I'm Tiantian. I usually hang out around the Feiyun Slope, looking to recruit new people into the Adventurers' Guild.

Unknown Role (None): Everyone and their cats and dogs passing by have probably heard my voice!

Unknown Role (None): You do look a bit familiar...

Unknown Role (None): Yes! It means my efforts were noticed by you guys! All the more reason for you to experience my masterpiece!

Unknown Role (None): I'm drawing a blank...

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't ring a bell? Then I shall make a bigger impression with this masterpiece... No, I shall do it to recruit more people into the Adventurers' Guild.

Unknown Role (None): At this point, of course we'll lend you a hand!

Unknown Role (None): Can you tell us a little bit about your particular adventure?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, then I'll cut to the chase!

Unknown Role (None): Recently I came across a new novel at the Wanwen Bookhouse... no, that's not it. Rather, I gathered some new information!

Unknown Role (None): I've noticed that people's expectations for adventure are rising and activities such as climbing and wind gliding are not as exciting as they used to be.

Unknown Role (None): In order to get more people to join the Adventurers' Guild, we need to come up with more novel and exciting approaches.

Unknown Role (None): So, I teamed up with a couple of other recruiters, pooled together our resources, consulted a few expert mountain climbers and fireworks craftsmen, and designed a new racing challenge!

Unknown Role (None): There are many mechanisms laid out in the challenge. Just step on them and use the momentum from the fireworks and gunpowder blasts to accelerate into the sky!

Unknown Role (None): Fireworks? Gunpowder!? So for the challenge, you want to... blast people into the sky!?!?

Unknown Role (None): Firework-flying Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Rocket-propelled Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Why are you so excited? You're also going up!

Unknown Role (None): Although with your strength, an explosive barrel bursting in front of you wouldn't faze you... but who knows? It just might blow you away!

Unknown Role (None): Not to worry. The explosion is contained inside a tough device. I've taken the necessary precautions to make sure it's safe and injury-free!

Unknown Role (None): I've also filed a patent with the Ministry of Civil Affairs and have publicized this event many times. Please do not steal my idea!

Unknown Role (None): There are so many hurdles! You've really put a lot of thought into this!

Unknown Role (None): As far as I can tell, just doing this racing challenge will stir the spirit of adventure even in an average passerby!

Unknown Role (None): Esteemed ones, your reputation precedes you. If you guys take point on this racing challenge, you'll be sure to attract a lot of people.

Unknown Role (None): I have also prepared great rewards for the challenge. They'll be sure to encourage more people to join the Adventurers' Guild!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, firework and gunpowder race, let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Yep! There's no reason we shouldn't do this if there are rewards to obtain!

Unknown Role (None): Oh boy, time for Paimon and me to get blown sky high!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Paimon sees you laughing! As Tiantian said, it's perfectly safe. Don't you want to give it a try?

Unknown Role (None): Then it's a deal! Without further ado, please give it a whirl!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, there are a lot of tracks for you to try. I'm sure you'll have a good time with them, and I'll get a couple months' worth of results. It's a win-win!