# Backstage Helpers

Unknown Role (None): Such a great end to the play. You've done well, young one. How did you find it? Was it hard to perform with paper?

Unknown Role (None): It was a piece of cake.

Unknown Role (None): Paper plays are different from Liyue Operas. Being able to do everything yourself makes things a lot simpler.

Unknown Role (None): It was a little hard.

Unknown Role (None): You're not a performer by trade, so of course you'd be bound to make some mistakes on your first try.

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon thinks Traveler did pretty well. The script itself for the paper play is also very interesting! Paimon wants to see a new story. Yinggong, when will you perform next time?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, as long as someone enjoys it. As for next time, I don't know.

Unknown Role (None): You see, doing paper plays for kids is actually a hobby of mine. After this, I will return to the Yun-Han Opera Troupe to handle the wardrobe and props.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You're with the Yun-Han Opera Troupe? So you can also sing Liyue Opera.

Unknown Role (None): I can, to some extent. Who wouldn't be able to carry a tune after staying with the Yun-Han Opera Troupe for so long? Of course, I'm nothing when compared to Ms. Yun.

Unknown Role (None): I actually work with the people behind the scenes. I'm in charge of the wardrobe and props on stage, such as cannons, flags, costumes, accessories, gadgets... Whatever prop you saw on stage, that was me.

Unknown Role (None): Some of the costumes and props that the Yun-Han Opera Troupe uses today are hand-me-downs from the past, and others were bought or made by myself.

Unknown Role (None): To perform an entire Liyue Opera, there are a lot of people working on stage and behind the scenes. You can't make it happen with just a few actors and actresses.

Unknown Role (None): This year's Lantern Rite, Ms. Yun gave some of us backstage helpers some time off, and all of my colleagues are back home to spend the holidays.

Unknown Role (None): I've got all this time on my hands, so I decided to put on a paper play for the people here.

Unknown Role (None): You didn't go home?

Unknown Role (None): No, I didn't go home. My mother and father passed away two years ago, so it's just me now.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): I'm so sorry.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, there's nothing to be sorry about. I don't mind.

Unknown Role (None): I'm having a good time by myself at the Lantern Rite. As you can see, those kids loved my paper play.

Unknown Role (None): We also enjoyed it!

Unknown Role (None): Of course I enjoyed it myself as well, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered making all the paper characters and paper settings.

Unknown Role (None): Did you write the story yourself?

Unknown Role (None): Not really. Whether it's Liyue Operas, paper plays, or the Tea Master's stories, they all know the tale of the Bravebeard.

Unknown Role (None): In their moment of need, when people call for a hero, such heroes will answer the call to save the day.

Unknown Role (None): Liyue has no shortage of such heroes. Just put a little spin on their story, and you have something to enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has heard a lot about this before. Is this part of Liyue's traditional culture?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, yeah, that sounds about right.

Unknown Role (None): But while there are always heroes who help out in times of crisis, you can't keep relying on others and have to take responsibility for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): #Take care of yourself, young man. Happy Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): I will. Happy Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): If you have time, come see an opera at the Yun-Han Opera Troupe. Maybe we'll see each other again there.