# Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Now it shouldn't be too difficult...

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): I'm setting up the game I'm responsible for... Have you heard of "Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites"?

Unknown Role (None): You want me to conduct a bunch of rites to chuck things long distances?

Unknown Role (None): You... are very perceptive, and got it half right! The core game mechanics do revolve around "throwing," but that's not what "rites" means here.

Unknown Role (None): I learned about this game from an ancient book. Let me briefly walk you through it...

Unknown Role (None): The traditional rules dictate that all participants in this game must be sitting down, as part of the rites.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you must also adopt a special sitting posture, which I will not demonstrate for you at this time, since I don't have any cushions here...

Unknown Role (None): From their sitting positions, the participants must follow the music's rhythm and "throw" the "Darts" into the distant "pots."

Unknown Role (None): There are many ways to throw the Darts into the pots, each with their own special names.

Unknown Role (None): For example, the first Dart to land in the pot is called the "First." If the subsequent Dart also lands in the vessel, it's called a "Streak."

Unknown Role (None): If the Dart hits the handles of the pot, it's called "Piercing." If a Dart is thrown through the neck before bouncing out of the pot, it's called "Valiant."

Unknown Role (None): Th—That's way too complicated!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. I just told you these are the "traditional rules."

Unknown Role (None): But I have simplified them for everyone's convenience.

Unknown Role (None): Th—There's no way to remember all that!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, you don't need to remember all those terms, they... Ugh... Remembering them is my job.

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! Anyway, all you need to know is that the goal is to throw as many Darts into the pots as you can before time runs out... I'll take care of the rest!

Unknown Role (None): That sure is simplified, alright.

Unknown Role (None): I mean... The rule book does say that whoever tosses the most Darts into the pot wins...

Unknown Role (None): As for the rules that require the loser to drink and write a poem... I can't really ask every player who loses to do all that now, now can I?

Unknown Role (None): Anyways! I'm almost done setting up the game. The Holding Pots are over there. I'll get you the Darts momentarily.

Unknown Role (None): You can try it now if you're interested.