# Mending Painting Prospects

Unknown Role (None): The next painting is... Right. It's this one...

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): #You are... Traveler! Your reputation precedes you!

Unknown Role (None): I heard so much about you from my colleagues and was wondering if you would grace this grand event.

Unknown Role (None): And as luck would have it, here you are! It is truly an honor to meet you!

Unknown Role (None): There are many things I wish to introduce to you, but before that, allow me to introduce myself.

Unknown Role (None): I am Batlo, a painter... You should be quite familiar with this profession, no?

Unknown Role (None): But in addition to being a painter myself, I am also an art conservator.

Unknown Role (None): No matter what type of damage a painting has suffered, whether it was burnt, chewed on by rodents, rotted by mold, or any similar matter...

Unknown Role (None): As long as it is in my hands, I can restore the painting to its original, most perfect state!

Unknown Role (None): Restoring paintings... Do you just repaint them?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Of course not. Were I to just repaint them exactly as they were, that would be called "copying."

Unknown Role (None): What we art conservators must do is restore a piece of artwork to its most original pristine condition.

Unknown Role (None): Every detail, from the colors to the brushstrokes... Even the material of the canvas itself must be exactly the same as the original painting.

Unknown Role (None): That sounds complicated...

Unknown Role (None): That sounds amazing.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it? It takes exceptional painting skill, as well as uncommonly keen and detailed image perception.

Unknown Role (None): Which is why... I simply haven't been able to hire many capable assistants.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, if a painter has both exceptional skills and a keen perception of the smallest details...

Unknown Role (None): Then why not just focus on their own work instead of helping restore that of other artists?

Unknown Role (None): Not to mention how this job doesn't pay well, and how people often think of us as a bunch of copycats with mediocre skills...

Unknown Role (None): But every job needs to be done by someone, wouldn't you agree?

Unknown Role (None): Art is a precious thing. An outstanding painting can carry history, stories, and emotions... and of course its market value.

Unknown Role (None): No matter what others think, as an artist myself, I will not stand idly by and watch those paintings deteriorate.

Unknown Role (None): But... as I just said, this job doesn't pay well, and is often misunderstood.

Unknown Role (None): Though I've been busy trying to recruit assistants, as you can see, as of now I'm still the only one doing the job.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I'm here today. I want to educate people about what an art conservator does, and perhaps I'll be able to recruit a few more people this way.

Unknown Role (None): However... Though I've yet to find an assistant, I have received numerous commissions to restore ancient paintings.

Unknown Role (None): These old paintings come from Mondstadt and Liyue. They include landscapes, figures, animals, and even... crayon drawings from children...

Unknown Role (None): You restore crayon drawings, too?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... In principle, as long as it's a painting, it's a valid commission.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, even a child's crayon drawing contains the hard work they poured into it. Who is to say it may not be their first step to becoming an artist one day?

Unknown Role (None): So, it's understandable that their parents would come to me for to restore it.

Unknown Role (None): Your expression says you haven't even managed to convince yourself...

Unknown Role (None): What? No! Not at all! I am absolutely not exasperated by these sorts of requests... I just have to study crayon drawings a bit...

Unknown Role (None): Do you know how to do crayon drawings?

Unknown Role (None): S—Sure! I'm just not an expert crayon artist, and I'm only superficially familiar with the literature. So I must study up on knowledge regarding crayon drawings!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, if you could, would you be willing to do me a favor?

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, I'm the only one here... But to restore a painting, I need to go out and find the relevant scenery painted therein...

Unknown Role (None): You need to go out and find the original scenery?

Unknown Role (None): That's quite a lot of preparation.

Unknown Role (None): Alas, indeed! Not only that, I also have to do all kinds of research on materials relevant to the painting.

Unknown Role (None): For example, how the scenery and animals depicted looked like at the time they were painted...

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, the paintings I'm currently commissioned to restore aren't too old, so things shouldn't have changed drastically.

Unknown Role (None): I was about to head out to study the original locations, but as you know... the wilderness is a dangerous place for those more adept with the brush than the sword...

Unknown Role (None): That's why I'd like to ask you to find the relevant scenery for me.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not artistically gifted...

Unknown Role (None): No worries! I have already prepared everything that you'll need... I've done this before when hiring others to help me in the past...

Unknown Role (None): Look! This is a photo of the painting to be restored, and I have already marked the key landmarks in it.

Unknown Role (None): All you need to do is to find the location and take photos of the marked objects with this Kamera, and you're done!

Unknown Role (None): So... I just need to take photos?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, but you ought to familiarize yourself with the paintings before taking the picture.

Unknown Role (None): You need to feel their aesthetics and artistic sense... Let the paintings linger in your mind.

Unknown Role (None): As long as you understand them, perhaps you'll be able to sense the entire process of how these paintings were done while taking photos.

Unknown Role (None): Sketching, outlining, coloring, refining the details...

Unknown Role (None): You mean like... a hallucination?

Unknown Role (None): Hallucinating it does seem a bit much...

Unknown Role (None): You are correct. To me, art... is a type of hallucination...

Unknown Role (None): What an artist must do is capture the hallucination in detail and express it objectively.

Unknown Role (None): Believe me, just study the photos I give you, and you will surely feel the "artistic hallucinations" within.

Unknown Role (None): #I entrust this task to you, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): And I... shall start on restoring these paintings... Right. The next one is...