# Inspiration Eruption

Unknown Role (None): This type of game sure is inspiring, hahaha!

Unknown Role (None): What new game?

Unknown Role (None): Traveler! Good timing! I happen to need someone to playtest my new game.

Unknown Role (None): Look here. I'm calling this game "Inspiration Eruption."

Unknown Role (None): It perfectly captures the entire process of how we poets create poetry!

Unknown Role (None): You mean drinking, drinking, and more drinking?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, hilarious. Though using wine to let one's creative juices flow is certainly a good idea.

Unknown Role (None): However, wine alone is not enough to inspire truly extraordinary poetry.

Unknown Role (None): Enlighten me.

Unknown Role (None): Before we write a poem, we have to start by seeking out inspiration.

Unknown Role (None): Some like to travel, some prefer solitude, while others... really enjoy using wine to stimulate their creativity.

Unknown Role (None): This is the most challenging part, since we cannot pinpoint where inspiration lies.

Unknown Role (None): So most of the time we feel like we haven't found our muse, and become anxious and depressed...

Unknown Role (None): But in truth, inspiration has already visited us and left its mark inside our heads without us ever knowing.

Unknown Role (None): At the right juncture, they will come bursting out and take the form of a great poem... or a painting... or something else.

Unknown Role (None): And you can turn all that into a game?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Of course! The process of making poetry is quite clear and easily understood.

Unknown Role (None): It just so happens that there are a few tabletop game designers in Mondstadt interested in my ideas.

Unknown Role (None): After some discussions and a few brainstorming sessions, we finally came up with "Inspiration Eruption"!

Unknown Role (None): You can try it right now if you're interested.

Unknown Role (None): Play a few rounds, and maybe you'll become a poet yourself!