# Paper Shadow Ruminations

Unknown Role (None): Round and fluffy, soft and bouncy, jump and bump...

Unknown Role (None): Oh my! Guests! Welcome, welcome, and allow me, Wenxun, to be the first to wish the two of you a joyous Lantern Rite!

Unknown Role (None): Happy Lantern Rite, Ms. Wenxun!

Unknown Role (None): You seemed to be reciting something just now. What were you talking to yourself about?

Unknown Role (None): Considering some delectable dessert?

Unknown Role (None): Or perhaps a revolutionary recipe?

Unknown Role (None): Not far off the mark — nearly a hole-in-one! I was just thinking about the food Guoba and Yuegui are gonna make!

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Now those are names we know... You know Guoba and Yuegui too?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, how could I not? You're looking at one of Wanmin Restaurant's regulars, you know!

Unknown Role (None): As long as I'm not on the road, I eat at least seven meals a week at Wanmin Restaurant!

Unknown Role (None): When paired with my hometown style of cooking — first some lightly seasoned fare, then a spicy flavor bomb — it's just a smash hit!

Unknown Role (None): If I end up with too much heatiness, just need to down some of the right meds and flush it right out, and then after a couple of days recuperating, it's back to gorging myself in chow-town!

Unknown Role (None): That sounds amazing...

Unknown Role (None): Best take it easy...

Unknown Role (None): P—P—Paimon also wants to try living like that...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I get to see Guoba and Xiangling pretty much every week, and sometimes even little Yaoyao.

Unknown Role (None): When Yaoyao brings Yuegui along to see Xiangling, Guoba and Yuegui end up playing together.

Unknown Role (None): Ahh, it's wonderful! No matter how exhausting work is, just watching them shake and sway is enough to sweep all your cares away!

Unknown Role (None): But I can't be the only one being cured by Guoba and Yuegui! I want everyone to bear witness to their cuteness for themselves!

Unknown Role (None): Well said! Now this is something important! But just how do you plan to do it?

Unknown Role (None): Unless... These things on the table are...

Unknown Role (None): Bingo! I just made a "paper theater" featuring Guoba and Yuegui as the stars! Everything you see here at this stall is a prop for the paper theater!

Unknown Role (None): "Paper Theater"... That name sounds kinda familiar, doesn't it? Is it about the canvas behind you, and watching the... shadows on it?

Unknown Role (None): You guys may have heard of "Paper Plays," a traditional Liyue art form. By artfully using the pictures and lights, you can make the scenes on the screen come to life.

Unknown Role (None): I've loved paper plays since I was a kid, and learned a bit about them from Master Yinggong. After I grew up, I became a painter, studying and traveling all over.

Unknown Role (None): While I was in Fontaine, I learned a few new drawing techniques and a thing or two about filming. I had quite a few sparks of inspiration, too.

Unknown Role (None): So, using paper plays as a basis, I tried creating a novel interactive game, and thus, the "paper theater" you see before you was born!

Unknown Role (None): Paper theater and paper plays also have very different styles. Paper theater focuses on simple, short stories that'll bring a smile to the audience.

Unknown Role (None): So, that's why this year's first paper theater will be all about an especially amiable story — Guoba and Yuegui looking for ingredients to cook up something delicious together!

Unknown Role (None): Guoba and Yuegui cooking together? That sounds really interesting!

Unknown Role (None): Fun and food in one place!

Unknown Role (None): Now that's worth paying attention to.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, looks like you two are totally on board! Your excitement is inspiring!

Unknown Role (None): Then there's no time to lose! Please, just relax, and get ready to enjoy this paper theater performance!