# Just Wushou Dance!

Unknown Role (None): #Yo, Happy Lantern Rite, my dude and dudette!

Unknown Role (None): Say, you two wouldn't happen to be the bigshots who came looking for Gaming, would you?

Unknown Role (None): We saw you before! You were hanging out with Gaming, right?

Unknown Role (None): Totally! Hot diggity, you remember me! My luck's on fire!

Unknown Role (None): I heard you two are the best of the best, and there ain't nothing you can't do! I pop on over to Chihu Rock to buy groceries every day, and even though it's so close by, I still always hear people singing your praises along the way.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, we're the cream of the crop!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's the best at eating, ain't nothing she can't swallow!

Unknown Role (None): H—Hey! Paimon's good at stuff besides eating, too!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, let Paimon think for a moment... What else is she good at...

Unknown Role (None): I've got it! Can ordinary people float? You're so white and light and fluffy, like a pigeon adeptus!

Unknown Role (None): Flying alone is amazing. I mean, it should be super easy to carry stuff, and makes work a cinch! You should help your friend more.

Unknown Role (None): Gasp! You're the Pigeon Adeptus, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Here comes another strange nickname for Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): #Let's just ignore whether it's even possible for a pigeon to turn into an adeptus for now. Paimon just wants to point out that she's always been helping Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): #For example, if Traveler falls from a really high place, Paimon will grab onto him and make sure the fall isn't too painful...

Unknown Role (None): #Even though Paimon's not strong enough to actually do much lifting... If Paimon really was a Pigeon Adeptus, she'd give Traveler a boost while he's using the wind glider and help him fly higher and farther!

Unknown Role (None): You two gotta practice more! Just like when I practice Wushou with Gaming. The more you practice, the better you'll work together! Rapport ain't easy to build.

Unknown Role (None): It just so happens I've created a fresh new game, hot off the press! It's called "Just Wushou Dance!" Wanna have a go?

Unknown Role (None): Not only can you work on your teamwork, you can learn all about Wushou Dance!

Unknown Role (None): "Just Wushou Dance!"? You wouldn't happen to be talking about that big ol' doll next to you, right?

Unknown Role (None): Bingo!

Unknown Role (None): Authentic Wushou Dance is downright devilish to learn! Even if you've got a pro showing you the ropes, you won't be able to stick with it unless you love it and have got the perseverance to match.

Unknown Role (None): So, I changed the rules for one style of Wushou Dance, switched out some props, and boom! This game was born.

Unknown Role (None): And it's also Lantern Rite now, yeah? Perfect for helping everyone enjoy themselves, and work up an appetite or work off the extra calories!

Unknown Role (None): Just put on your dancing shoes... well, the dancing outfit, and see who can grab the most teabricks! You can dance and bump all over the shop, it's a hoot and a half!

Unknown Role (None): It sure sounds fun, but Paimon doesn't think she's strong enough to wear such a big outfit and play with other people...

Unknown Role (None): #But Traveler is really good at games like this! Paimon'll watch and learn from the sidelines first.

Unknown Role (None): #Bring it! I'm the dancing king!

Unknown Role (None): Tea-riffic! Those Teacakes will be a piece of cake!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Pigeon Adeptus, will you not personally participate? A pity...

Unknown Role (None): #Aw, it's not a problem! Traveler and Paimon will be traveling together for a long time to come! We'll have plenty of chances to level up our teamwork!

Unknown Role (None): #Also, who's to say Paimon won't learn a bunch about working with Traveler just from watching?

Unknown Role (None): Haha! You two are so close, I'm starting to get a bit jelly!

Unknown Role (None): #Then please, right this way! Let the dude of legendary deeds step right up and "Just Wushou Dance!" Pigeon Adeptus, you just sit back and enjoy the show!