# Drills by Lamplight

Unknown Role (None): Surely that Sergeant isn't the one in charge... Well, good luck to them, then, they're gonna need it...

Unknown Role (None): Is something the matter?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? Oh, it's you, Traveler... Phew...

Unknown Role (None): You scared me there! I thought the Sergeant had come over. If he overheard me, I'd get dragged away for more training...

Unknown Role (None): Do you guys... still have to train?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it Lantern Rite now?

Unknown Role (None): Well, the bigger the festival, the busier we are.

Unknown Role (None): Liyue Harbor is huge, and there are so many tourists coming in from all over the world.

Unknown Role (None): To maintain order and ensure everyone's safety, the Millelith have set up quite a few new mobile units both in the city and in the wilderness.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know what a mobile unit is? Hmm... just think of it as a team of Millelith soldiers who provide help wherever they go.

Unknown Role (None): As long as you need help, just run up to a squad and ask for assistance, and they'll lend a hand.

Unknown Role (None): Whether if you're in danger, lost something, or even got lost yourself, just go ask them for help.

Unknown Role (None): But... since we need to cover such a large area, our Sergeant has even pulled out the reserve units that were originally on standby for training.

Unknown Role (None): But those reserve units are all made up of rookies who haven't had much training. So the Sergeant said, why not hold a temporary training event to up their individual skill level?

Unknown Role (None): I heard that... that particular Sergeant is really tough. Anyone who's been trained by him can't help but shiver when hearing his name...

Unknown Role (None): You've... undergone his training too?

Unknown Role (None): I—I suppose you could say that. His training is actually really effective, but my legs turn into jelly at the mere thought of it...

Unknown Role (None): Want to give it a try? During my training, I heard him mention your name a lot. He said you're not only a master of tactical deployment, but also excel at hand-to-hand combat...

Unknown Role (None): Were it you in the training arena, you'd definitely out-perform all of us.

Unknown Role (None): I'd love to give it a try!

Unknown Role (None): Alright. The courage you display... You're indeed the hero of Liyue. Then please, follow me.

Unknown Role (None): Let me think it over a bit...

Unknown Role (None): That's alright. Just let me know when you want to give it a whirl. I'm sure the Sergeant would be more than happy to have you.