# Floating Spirits — The Investigation Begins

Unknown Role (None): Ad astra abyssosque, Adventurer. We're thankful for your arrival.

Unknown Role (None): Any new commissions for me?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. We are about to begin a new round of ecological surveys, in fact.

Unknown Role (None): I think I know where we're going with this...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? You've done such commissions before? That's great, then.

Unknown Role (None): Nonetheless, let me begin by explaining the situation.

Unknown Role (None): Recently, eyewitness reports concerning "Specters" have been increasing at an alarming rate.

Unknown Role (None): This is usually a very rare sort of elemental creature. As such, there must be some special reason behind their sudden resurgence.

Unknown Role (None): The Guild's understanding of these creatures is still very lacking, so we are currently mobilizing for an all-hands-on-deck investigation.

Unknown Role (None): Is it really such a powerful creature?

Unknown Role (None): You're mobilizing that many people?

Unknown Role (None): Due to the suddenness and strangeness of this event, we know little about the state of these Specters or the amount of danger they pose to people.

Unknown Role (None): Then I accept.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for accepting this commission. What we need you to do is quite simple, actually. You simply need to travel around Inazuma with your companions and observe the peculiarities of these Specters.

Unknown Role (None): The form these investigations will take is very similar to the Expeditions you've undertaken in the past. We've already sorted out the various sightings of these Specters.

Unknown Role (None): Here, allow me to show you.

Unknown Role (None): Due to the fact that Specters are elemental creatures, you should get optimal results so long as you follow the elemental guidelines recommended by the Guild when dispatching your companions.

Unknown Role (None): There will be special commissions in which you will have to go and perform an on-site investigation personally, owing to a lack of good intel. Once you've completed such missions, I will continue to organize the dispatches.

Unknown Role (None): So this is preliminary prep work, then.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. These commissions would usually be quite tough, but I believe that you will see them done with ease.

Unknown Role (None): I will update you with new information concerning the Specters every day. You can have faith that I will support you and your companions in any way I can.