# Search Chronicle: Burning Up!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you're finally here. You're the "protagonist," yes?

Unknown Role (None): That's me, your protagonist.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, Paimon's not sure what you mean by that question...

Unknown Role (None): I don't understand what you're talking about...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, would you look at that? Too eager for my own good again — and they even told me to be concise when I was posting the commission, too.

Unknown Role (None): Here's the low-down. I'm Ranjit, a chef of cuisines creative. I've been looking to get along nicely with a Pyro Regisvine, but it seems uninterested in my company...

Unknown Role (None): Spitting fireballs and slamming the ground... Nothing I could do about that, so I'm hiring some adventurer help — of the protagonist kind, to be exact.

Unknown Role (None): No problem! Just leave it to me.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, hey! Don't go around agreeing to take on such ridiculous commissions!

Unknown Role (None): Concise, but clear as mud.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, are you for real? A creative cuisine chef, making friends with a Pyro Regisvine... Nothing about this makes any sense!

Unknown Role (None): Really? I mean, it is a very grumpy plant, but you never know till you try, right?

Unknown Role (None): And after the Regisvine, I'd also like to give the Primo Geovishap, Jadeplume Terrorshroom, and Millennial Pearl Seahorse a go!

Unknown Role (None): ...This is getting crazier by the minute. Where did you even get these ideas from?

Unknown Role (None): Actually, it's because of my trip to Natlan not long ago...

Unknown Role (None): It's a truly amazing place. If I had to describe its marvelous novelty, it would be like the first time I ate curry spicy enough to make me rain sweat.

Unknown Role (None): My tongue had taken all the stimulation it could bear, but I shoveled spoonful after spoonful into my mouth. I couldn't help myself!

Unknown Role (None): ...Speaking of which, I met a whole bunch of friends in Natlan. They're all good folks. Some taught me rock climbing, and others introduced me to the hot springs.

Unknown Role (None): Bet you didn't know this, but the people of Natlan, especially their warriors, dress in imitation of their Saurians — and when in full panoply, they look every bit as brave!

Unknown Role (None): I made myself a hat based on those of my Natlan friends. Pretty awesome, eh?

Unknown Role (None): Um... Sure, it is pretty unique, but Paimon can't quite tell what you're talking about just from that.

Unknown Role (None): True, true! I mean, I haven't got a Saurian buddy with me, do I?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* It sure would be nice if I did, though. But I'm not a local, and to be honest, I'd get restless staying there for too long.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I thought to get myself a companion outside Natlan that could take the spot of a Saurian. Even if that doesn't work, it'll make a great story to tell my Natlan friends!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, if that's your goal, you could've picked more suitable targets to make friends with, right?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Don't you find them suitable? I mean, they're even like the Natlan Saurians — and they're also strong, to boot!

Unknown Role (None): A Sumpter Beast companion's really nothing to brag about. I'll need a more demanding trial if I want a tale worth telling!

Unknown Role (None): The real pity is that I can't be the "protagonist" myself... Calming these beasts that rage day and night is no easy task, let me tell you!

Unknown Role (None): But I suppose that's your field of expertise as an experienced adventurer, right? Of course, I'll provide support from the sidelines. Nets, food... You name it, you can leave it to me!

Unknown Role (None): But as for our "negotiations" with our prospective partners... The spotlight's going to be on you, dear "protagonist"!

Unknown Role (None): Why are you foisting the dangerous stuff onto your protagonist?

Unknown Role (None): The pay had better be worth the work...

Unknown Role (None): Of course, of course! Sure thing.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure we can come to an agreement — if you convince me.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, that's how these things work.

Unknown Role (None): Well, since we're agreed, shall we head out now? My pots are ready, and my equipment's all checked. We should be good to go!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): I've got other things to handle. See you in a bit.

Unknown Role (None): No worries. I'll wait for you here.