# A Defensive Strategy

Unknown Role (None): Whew, this domain is messed up — no wonder even Yelan found it dicey...

Unknown Role (None): Which major historical battle do you think is being re-enacted here? Feels like one where most soldiers would be way out of their depth...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe it's the Archon War?

Unknown Role (None): The Khaenri'ahn cataclysm, perhaps?

Unknown Role (None): Yikes, hopefully not! ...Surely not, right? Please tell Paimon you're exaggerating!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you're back.

Unknown Role (None): And... by the look on your face, I'm guessing this is a triumphant return after all?

Unknown Role (None): Sure is! But it was really, really scary in there!

Unknown Role (None): You describe the battles you fought to Keqing and Yelan...

Unknown Role (None): Incredible... You did very well to brave all of that and still emerge victorious. Good work!

Unknown Role (None): After you entered the domain, there was a sharp drop in stray monsters out here.

Unknown Role (None): And although you didn't eliminate the root of the problem, it's plain to see you've weakened the Ley Line disturbance considerably.

Unknown Role (None): Which means you've weakened the monsters as well. Now, any rank-and-file soldiers can comfortably fend them off.

Unknown Role (None): Or... they could enter the domain and get a taste of real danger.

Unknown Role (None): The Ley Line disturbance is a stubborn foe. It will take time to conquer it.

Unknown Role (None): #Why do you sound weirdly excited about this, Traveler? Don't go getting too bloodthirsty!

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, one other thing. We received a response from Yujing Terrace. Both the Tianquan and the Kaiyang have agreed to establish a long-term partnership with Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to your tireless efforts, we may even be able to turn this Ley Line disturbance to our advantage.

Unknown Role (None): Moving forward, you'll have the full support of this garrison.

Unknown Role (None): While the disturbance remains active, the Millelith will take care of any monsters that escape from the domain, using the opportunity to hone their combat skills. You, of course, are free to enter the domain if you so wish.

Unknown Role (None): We've turned the tables on this situation. What started as a potential crisis is now a major asset to Millelith recruits.

Unknown Role (None): Great news. I'll keep giving it my all!

Unknown Role (None): With the immediate danger gone, I'll support as needed!

Unknown Role (None): Ahh... That's a big weight off our shoulders...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, where were we?

Unknown Role (None): Oh yeah — Ley Lines are pretty fascinating things, aren't they? If only there was a way to grab them and shake all the secrets out...

Unknown Role (None): Or who knows, maybe one day we'll run into some smart cookie who hands us a big, thick book called "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Ley Lines"!