# The Moonlit Adeptus's Trail

Unknown Role (None): ...Hehe, yesterday I heard another story about the White Horse Adeptus, and now I'm feeling inspired again.

Unknown Role (None): Inspired how?

Unknown Role (None): Are you planning to become a storyteller?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Ah! H—Hello, hello, hello! W—Welcome to Liyue Harbor! Welcome to the Lantern Rite... No, wait... Welcome to Liyue Harbor!

Unknown Role (None): Phew, Miss Pingxi didn't see that, right? Okay... looks like she didn't...

Unknown Role (None): Welcome to Liyue Harbor! You must be here for the Lantern Rite, right? Then you've gotta check out my mini-game, "The Moonlit Adeptus's Trail"...

Unknown Role (None): You've switched straight into work mode, huh...

Unknown Role (None): D—Don't sell me out! If Miss Pingxi caught me distracted, she'd definitely give me an earful!

Unknown Role (None): It took me ages to talk her into letting me run this stall, just let me finish up...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, ahem. "The Moonlit Adeptus's Trail" is based on the legend of the "White Horse Adeptus," a story shared throughout the Liyue Harbor.

Unknown Role (None): Legend has it that this adeptus would often travel through the skies by moonlight, protecting Liyue Harbor from evil spirits and monsters...

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, I found that legend so uninspired, so... hehe, I chose to blend in some other stories I've heard for this mini-game.

Unknown Role (None): For example, there have been monsters in the sky, who were always itching to swallow the whole moon! But thanks to the White Horse Adeptus, these monsters didn't get their way...

Unknown Role (None): I can't imagine what the moon would look like while being eaten... but in Liu Su's story, the monsters chew it down slowly, piece by piece — kind of like how we work through a pancake.

Unknown Role (None): But when I went to listen a couple of days later, his story was put in another way. This time, a monster gulped down the whole moon in one bite, just like eating a riceball.

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, the story always ended with the White Horse Adeptus wiping out all the monsters in one fell swoop, guided by the light from the Xiao Lanterns.

Unknown Role (None): That's part of the legend too?

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, that's how Liu Su's story goes. I thought it was cool, so I included it into "The Moonlit Adeptus's Trail."

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no! Enough chitchat, I need to get back to work...

Unknown Role (None): If you'd like to try "The Moonlit Adeptus's Trail," just let me know. Everything's ready, we can start whenever you want.