# Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue

Unknown Role (None): Hello! Excuse me, outlander. Could you hear me out?

Unknown Role (None): What's up?

Unknown Role (None): Please don't linger on this island for too long. Recently, the Tatarigami's reach has spread wider and wider.

Unknown Role (None): "Tatarigami"?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, since the people from Sangonomiya destroyed the ward that suppressed the soul of the serpent god, the Tatarigami has spread across the island...

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, the sky is now perpetually clouded and the rain won't stop. This is all because of the Tatarigami.

Unknown Role (None): Recently, one by one all the miners have fallen ill, gone insane, or fled to other islands...

Unknown Role (None): Everyone's gone. There's hardly anyone living on this island anymore.

Unknown Role (None): Ironically, due to the chaos created by the Tatarigami, the Shogunate and the rebels have not been fighting over this place quite as hard.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! But if they had not destroyed our great Ogosho's ward, the island wouldn't have become such a mess in the first place!

Unknown Role (None): What do the Commissions or dragons or serpents have to do with me, huh? They never asked my opinion before starting their cursed war!

Unknown Role (None): Then why are you still here?

Unknown Role (None): Why? Because this is my home.

Unknown Role (None): What about your family?

Unknown Role (None): They are in a safe place, but thanks for your concern. They must be waiting for me to bring them back here.

Unknown Role (None): No one on the island left voluntarily. We are a family here. Anywhere else we go, we'll have to work for someone else.

Unknown Role (None): But someone had to stay and clean up the mess so that everyone else can return home eventually.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* This is such a headache...

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything I can help with?

Unknown Role (None): If it were any other child offering to help me out of the blue, I'd be laughing out loud right now...

Unknown Role (None): But seeing as you're a traveler from afar who has managed to venture this deep into Inazuma, you must certainly be able to hold your own.

Unknown Role (None): I'll get straight to the point, then. The ward over there has been bothering me for a long time, maybe you could find a way to repair it?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure that this awful weather can only be due to the wards' destruction.

Unknown Role (None): But please, be careful when you approach the ward. If you stare at it, it will release a burst of energy towards you...

Unknown Role (None): It's harmless, but very uncomfortable. It feels like it's... rejecting you.

Unknown Role (None): I think the ward is missing some components. It can probably be fixed by putting the missing parts back.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, that's just speculation on my part. I still can't say for sure what's gone wrong.

Unknown Role (None): So, if you want to help, please help me fix this ward.

Unknown Role (None): But if you can't manage it, then like I was saying — don't stick around here too long.