# The Farmer's Treasure


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): "It has been over a year since my son, Saimon Jirou, joined the army. He would write letters to us from time to time, and though he has not accomplished much of great note, he would relate everything that happened to him in the army, which comforted this old man's heart greatly."

Unknown Role (None): "The war has continued apace, and my son, who has accomplished little, has stopped sending any letters. This lack of contact has greatly disturbed and wounded this old man's spirit."

Unknown Role (None): "I beseech any who see the notice to help me search for my son. If you know of his whereabouts, whether he ekes out some existence somewhere or has had the fortune of dying for his nation, please let me know, that I may have peace in my heart."

Unknown Role (None): "If you have anything to discuss, I, Saimon Katsumi give you my sincere thanks."

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Hello there, outlander.

Unknown Role (None): Are you one of those "advisors" sent by the Lord Commissioner to teach us how to fight our wars? If you are, you can just go look for Lord Masahito.

Unknown Role (None): Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. You outlanders have no manners. Mr. Saimon is well-respected around here. How could you address him without any honorifics?

Unknown Role (None): Apologies.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph.

Unknown Role (None): You're not that polite yourself!

Unknown Role (None): ...Alright, I get it. This isn't the time to be arguing about manners.

Unknown Role (None): Since Mr. Saimon trusts you, I should, too.

Unknown Role (None): So, what can I help you with?

Unknown Role (None): About Jirou's whereabouts...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, him... he's probably gone off to become a bandit.

Unknown Role (None): Well, for a person of his character, being a bandit is freer than being a soldier.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, don't tell Mr. Saimon this, or he'll get mad.

Unknown Role (None): Jirou actually managed to convinced that scaredy-cat Ishikawa to desert together with him. He made it alright... But Ishikawa ending up eating detention barracks rations for quite a few days!

Unknown Role (None): But even that was because Lord Masahito was kind enough to cover this up and not report it to his accursed old man. If not for that...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Let's not even go there... Jirou really got Ishikawa into hot water, I'll tell you what...

Unknown Role (None): If it wasn't for Mr. Saimon, I'd smack him silly the next time we meet!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's all I know about Jirou. Well, you're going to have to exercise some creativity to make that news a little less unpleasant for Mr. Saimon...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right. If you'd like to know more, you can go ask Ogura. He's over there by the tower, and was on duty the day it happened. He probably saw more than I did, at any rate.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): It was nothing, don't sweat it.

Unknown Role (None): Also, could you not tell Lord Masahito about this?

Unknown Role (None): Jirou was annoying, sure, but this is a matter of life and death. We're not going to go there.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Ho there, youngster! I do not recognize your face. Did you see the notice as well?

Unknown Role (None): Are you talking to me?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, haha. Does it appear like anyone else nearby is young?

Unknown Role (None): Oh dear, where are my manners?

Unknown Role (None): Well met, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): I believe you must have seen that notice earlier. As you may suspect, I am Saimon Katsumi.

Unknown Role (None): It brings me no small amount of shame to ask outsiders to help me find that useless son of mine...

Unknown Role (None): But please, do tell me if you hear of anything regarding him, alright?

Unknown Role (None): No matter if that little brat is alive, or... *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Please tell me everything you know truthfully.

Unknown Role (None): I'll ask around.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be on the lookout.

Unknown Role (None): You have my thanks. Truly...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, leave it to us!

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, youngster. Let me also say that if you're able to enter and exit military camps... you could simply ask that lad's comrades-in-arms.

Unknown Role (None): There's another young lad who joined the army together with him. Ishikawa, I think his name was. A military family's son, and a reliable one at that.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry to have kept you here for so long. Still, if you receive any new, don't forget to swing by Konda Village and inform me.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I need to go back to the village now. Stay safe, youngster.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Ho there, youngster! I do not recognize your face. Did you see the notice as well?

Unknown Role (None): Are you talking to me?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, haha. Does it appear like anyone else nearby is young?

Unknown Role (None): Oh dear, where are my manners?

Unknown Role (None): Well met, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): I believe you must have seen that notice earlier. As you may suspect, I am Saimon Katsumi.

Unknown Role (None): (Hey, this has got to be Jirou's "long-winded old man," right?)

Unknown Role (None): (Shh!)

Unknown Role (None): (He seems pretty "long-winded," alright.)

Unknown Role (None): *cough* Is something the matter?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? N—Nothing! Everything's fine!

Unknown Role (None): Nothing at all!

Unknown Role (None): Well then, allow me to continue from where we last left off...

Unknown Role (None): It brings me no small amount of shame to ask outsiders to help me find that useless son of mine...

Unknown Role (None): But please, do tell me if you hear of anything regarding him, alright?

Unknown Role (None): No matter if that little brat is alive, or... *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Please tell me everything you know truthfully.

Unknown Role (None): I'll ask around.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be on the lookout.

Unknown Role (None): You have my thanks. Truly...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, leave it to us!

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, youngster. Let me also say that if you're able to enter and exit military camps... you could simply ask that lad's comrades-in-arms.

Unknown Role (None): There's another young lad who joined the army together with him. Ishikawa, I think his name was. A military family's son, and a reliable one at that.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry to have kept you here for so long. Still, if you receive any new, don't forget to swing by Konda Village and inform me.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I need to go back to the village now. Stay safe, youngster.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Outlander, what are you doing in the camp? This is a key military location.

Unknown Role (None): ...Well, whatever. It's not as if we haven't seen any outlanders recently or anything.

Unknown Role (None): If you're one of them "advisors" from Narukami Island, look for Lord Masahito directly. He'll welcome you, I'm sure.

Unknown Role (None): Saimon Katsumi asked us to come here.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I don't know a Sai— wait, you mean Saimon Katsumi?

Unknown Role (None): Old Man Saimon from Konda Village? That's who you're talking about, right?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you're a friend of... I see. My apologies, I was rude. Is the old man still well? I hope he's still spry.

Unknown Role (None): He's very worried about Jirou, his son.

Unknown Role (None): Ah. Um, I see.

Unknown Role (None): Well, we're quite worried about him too, to be honest...

Unknown Role (None): What happened to him?

Unknown Role (None): Mm... Please don't tell the old man... And definitely don't tell Lord Masahito...

Unknown Role (None): My lips are sealed.

Unknown Role (None): (He left the army...)

Unknown Role (None): What?

Unknown Role (None): I mean, he deserted.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!?

Unknown Role (None): (Quiet, you!)

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, what's so special about deserting anyway?

Unknown Role (None): (You too!)

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* This war is too much to bear.

Unknown Role (None): We've fought quite a few battles against the rebels recently, and we've lost a lot of comrades. They were all our mutual friends...

Unknown Role (None): Of course, Lord Masahito tried to help us settle our emotions a little, and has assigned us garrison duties as a result.

Unknown Role (None): But the Lord Commissioner has been ordering him to send troops out, which must be frustrating him...

Unknown Role (None): Never mind. Back to Jirou, then... That fellow's always liked those stories about great bandits... "Konda Ikki" or something, that was his favorite.

Unknown Role (None): When you add that up with his being tired of fighting this war... I think it's possible that he might have upped and left to join the nearby bandits...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but that's all I know. If you want to know, you can go ask Ono. He should know more.

Unknown Role (None): See that guy sitting over there, sighing and hanging his head? That's Ono, you can't miss him.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you very much.

Unknown Role (None): You're too kind. Say hi to Old Man Saimon for me, would you?

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): You're... an outlander?

Unknown Role (None): May I ask... what you're doing here in the camp?

Unknown Role (None): If you're not on important business, please leave. This is a key military site. Unrelated persons are not permitted to enter.

Unknown Role (None): I'm here at Saimon Katsumi's behest.

Unknown Role (None): Saimon...? Ah! You mean Saimon Jirou's father!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for my rudeness, I didn't know that you were here on the old man's request.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not very familiar with Saimon Jirou, but since his family is so worried, I'll do all I can.

Unknown Role (None): About Jirou's whereabouts...

Unknown Role (None): That night, I saw him and Ishikawa fleeing northwards. So I followed the usual our private protocol and sounded the alarm after 15 seconds.

Unknown Role (None): Usually, these few seconds would let you find a good spot to hide if you're lucky.

Unknown Role (None): But we never expected that Ishikawa would trip, flip, and fall out of fright... Well, we caught him on the spot.

Unknown Role (None): Aw...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* That Ishikawa. I mean, you'd think that he would at least act the part of a samurai scion...

Unknown Role (None): If I don't miss my guess, Saimon Jirou has probably fled to Jinren Island, the northernmost section of Narukami Island.

Unknown Role (None): Bandits who refuse to submit to the Shogunate have gathered there, and have increased in number due to the war.

Unknown Role (None): Now that our attention has been shifted to the Sangonomiya and away from them, they're getting all kinds of uppity ideas.

Unknown Role (None): The latest rumors even say that they've tried to set up their own independent nation, or declare a grand revolt against our great Ogosho... or some crazy nonsense like that.

Unknown Role (None): Well, we weren't very well acquainted, but I do hope that Saimon Jirou hasn't thrown in with those fellows.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for sharing what you know.

Unknown Role (None): I'm just glad that I could help. I mean, everyone has family they miss.

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes. Could you... refrain from reporting this to Lord Masahito?

Unknown Role (None): The issue with the Lord Commissioner is already giving him enough of a headache. He really doesn't need any more trouble.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): You're back. Here, have a few Lavender Melon... save them for the road, if you will.

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes, as for young Jirou... Is there news of him?

Unknown Role (None): (Uh, we should probably avoid telling him what's going on...)

Unknown Role (None): He's doing alright.

Unknown Role (None): He's just not at liberty to write to you.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, is that so... If he is well, it is well.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. You've done well.

Unknown Role (None): O—Oh, it was nothing...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): This is good. Ah, my boy truly is a lucky lad. A lucky lad indeed!

Unknown Role (None): Well then! What are you two standing there for? Pack up now, let's go!

Unknown Role (None): L—Let's go...?

Unknown Role (None): Go where?

Unknown Role (None): Come now! My boy Jirou has experienced so much hardship — I shall go send him some local specialties to pamper him a little!

Unknown Role (None): He must've gone hungry and thirsty many times on the battlefield. Indeed, he must be missing the food back home madly.

Unknown Role (None): And of course, I'll take the opportunity to drop in on Lord Kujou and ask him to "take care" of that useless son of mine, haha!

Unknown Role (None): H—Hold on!

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yeah... Please calm down, good sir!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, but I am calm. In fact, I am glad! As I shall be, to see my son again...

Unknown Role (None): B—But, your son...

Unknown Role (None): The battlefield he's on is super dangerous!

Unknown Role (None): Right! That's right! It's super dangerous there. Swords flashing as far as the eye can see, arrows falling like rain, and... and...

Unknown Role (None): Cannonballs as big as Paimon falling down and exploding across the land!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): They couldn't be that large...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon speaks the truth.

Unknown Role (None): We barely made it back here ourselves.

Unknown Role (None): I see... Well...

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you just say that he's doing well?

Unknown Role (None): He is, yes...

Unknown Role (None): Well, we do what we can to survive in war.

Unknown Role (None): Yup... Yeah, that's right! Jirou's trying so hard on the battlefield. Paimon's sure he wouldn't want you to risk yourself for his sake, right?

Unknown Role (None): It might be impolite to say this, but you wouldn't want to burden your son further when he's in such a tough spot already, right?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): You have a point.

Unknown Role (None): Phew...

Unknown Role (None): Phew...

Unknown Role (None): But I will still go!

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! The Saimon Clan has ever been loyal! For 2,000 years we have bled for the Ogosho and slain countless evils!

Unknown Role (None): Besides, these old bones have lived long enough. I shall fall in battle in Her Excellency's name. My honor shall not be my own — it shall also be Jirou's!

Unknown Role (None): Just wait here: I'm going to get my heirloom gear, my glittering sword, and then I shall go out with Jirou to meet the foe. There, we shall—

Unknown Role (None): Beat them witless?

Unknown Role (None): Beat them senseless?

Unknown Role (None): Aye, we shall beat the snot out of them!

Unknown Role (None): Old man! What are you yelling about? I'll bet they can hear you all the way over in Sangonomiya!

Unknown Role (None): You...! How do you know that? Have you even been there!?

Unknown Role (None): And so what if I did? I've had it up to here with you! You know what? forget Sangonomiya, I'm going to Celestia next, and you're not coming along!

Unknown Role (None): Fine! I've lived long enough myself! I'm about to go fight those rebel scum!

Unknown Role (None): Jirou's finally become somebody! Not like you... It's always "this isn't normal, that won't do" with you...

Unknown Role (None): Hah! You? Go out and fight the rebels? You can barely sit down for a game of chess with the young people without talking their ears off about archon-knows-what. You're one to talk about "being somebody"!

Unknown Role (None): And let me remind you, you've never won a single one of those chess games!

Unknown Role (None): (Uh, Paimon thinks we probably step in...)

Unknown Role (None): (Shh...)

Unknown Role (None): (Just let this play out.)

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you think you can raise your voice at your old lady? Why don't you just try it, eh?

Unknown Role (None): Look at you! You can't even beat me in an argument! You get to that battlefield with cannonballs that size flying in, and we'll see how you disgrace the Saimon heirlooms and sword!

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean, I can't beat you? I've just never... I've just never been serious!

Unknown Role (None): And if you can't get serious fighting your old lady, do you think you'll do any better against those rebels, huh?

Unknown Role (None): You...!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Just you wait, old woman! Just you wait!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, should we go check on him? It wouldn't be good if he does something rash!

Unknown Role (None): Hah, don't you worry about him!

Unknown Role (None): ...He's gone back to his room to flip through a dictionary.

Unknown Role (None): A dictionary...?

Unknown Role (None): He needs it to figure out how to beat me in an argument.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Well, he's not talking to me for the rest of week, that's for sure.

Unknown Role (None): But that's better than him going out to the battlefield.

Unknown Role (None): Is that right...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, and speaking of which, youngster from abroad...

Unknown Role (None): You lit that fire under the old coot's rear, didn't you?

Unknown Role (None): Uh...!

Unknown Role (None): N—No, surely not...

Unknown Role (None): How did you know...

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Who were you trying to fool?

Unknown Role (None): And it's about that brat Jirou, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Yes.

Unknown Role (None): Well, let me guess. He's alive... But for some reason, you can't tell the old man what the situation is, right?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Hehe...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Youngster, lying is bad behavior.

Unknown Role (None): ...That said, I'm in no position to say that you did the wrong thing.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, and I must say that it was thanks to your lie that I got to see that old fossil get more fired up than I've ever seen him.

Unknown Role (None): We're very sorry...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, there's no need to be polite. As it happens, I have a favor of my own to ask regarding that lad Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): Go help me check on that child. Help us see if he's done something wrong or steered himself onto the wrong path.

Unknown Role (None): If he has, help us teach him a little lesson.

Unknown Role (None): Jirou's always been a smart kid, but he's always been a little too pleased with his smarts, and it sometimes blinds him.

Unknown Role (None): I have no fear for him on the battlefield. He's always been good at surviving, no matter where he is.

Unknown Role (None): If he really did meet an unfortunate end... Well, I've long prepared myself for this. That is the nature of war, after all.

Unknown Role (None): I just... fear that he may get too full of himself, bite off more than he can chew, and wind up in a more dangerous position than he expects.

Unknown Role (None): I see...

Unknown Role (None): We'll help.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it is... We'll help you out!

Unknown Role (None): Alright. I won't hold you two here any longer...

Unknown Role (None): While you search for Jirou, I will help to hold the fort here with that old fool. Undo a bit of the damage you did, you know?

Unknown Role (None): You have our thanks.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, it should be me thanking you. I suspect that our tom-fool son has brought you enough trouble already.

Unknown Role (None): You're too kind.

## Talk 9

???: If you hadn't gotten me out of that cage, those fellows would have turned me into a blood urchin...

Unknown Role (None): What's a blood urchin?

???: Hahaha. Oh right, the two of you are outlanders. You wouldn't know our local parlance.

???: It's a very scary, ancient method of punishment. A very, very scary one...

Unknown Role (None): Very, very, very scary...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, Paimon doesn't wanna hear it! Ugh, why did Paimon even ask!?

Unknown Role (None): #No, wait. Actually, how did you know all this weird stuff, huh, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Why don't you try to guess?

Unknown Role (None): Hey—!

???: Hahaha, alright, alright. Don't argue.

???: #Ah, so Traveler's your name. Pleased to meet your acquaintance.

Unknown Role (None): The pleasure is all mine.

Unknown Role (None): We want to ask you about a couple of things.

???: Ask away.

Unknown Role (None): So we're looking for a certain Saimon Jirou...

???: Oh... him...

???: Why'd you want to know where he is?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you know him.

Unknown Role (None): Why are you so concerned?

???: I—It's nothing! I'm just asking.

???: I... I've heard on the grapevine that the Tenryou Commissioner's sent out lots of ninjas to capture deserters in secret.

???: Looking at you ask about this and that, I was starting to wonder if the things I heard were true.

Unknown Role (None): I know that I'm a ninja?

Unknown Role (None): I said nothing about looking for deserters.

Unknown Role (None): (This guy's story is just full of holes...)

Unknown Role (None): (Let's just play along and see if we can make those holes any bigger!)

???: Ugh...!

???: I— Well, I was just saying that, you know? But yeah, what a coincidence, am I right? Haha... Ha...

Unknown Role (None): (Paimon, you're up.)

Unknown Role (None): A coincidence, you say...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, did you think that our saving you was a coincidence, then?

Unknown Role (None): There's a fine reward out for providing information on deserters. And if none can be provided, it's no loss as long as we can catch one.

???: What do you mean "no loss"?

Unknown Role (None): "No loss" to us, of course.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you've got a good head on your shoulders, don't you? Shame about that...

???: Wh—What do you mean...

Unknown Role (None): (Actually, where'd you learn that line, Paimon?)

Unknown Role (None): (Hehe! From all the people we've met on this journey, of course!)

Unknown Role (None): #Alright, Traveler. We've wasted enough words on him. Time to execute this deserter.

Unknown Role (None): Kneel!

???: W—W—Wait!

???: My life is unimportant but before I die can I please ask to please look at your identification papers please lords can I just know your names please!

Unknown Role (None): What in the world is he talking about?

Unknown Role (None): He wants to see our papers.

Unknown Role (None): Hah! What nonsense.

Unknown Role (None): A man who fled the army, trying to beg for the name of loyal samurai?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Preposterous!

???: Please don't kill me I'll tell you were the treasure is just don't kill me Ogosho's tears please just don't kill meeee!

Unknown Role (None): (This guy's scared out of his wits...)

Unknown Role (None): Come again?

Unknown Role (None): Calm down. One sentence at a time.

???: You're... not going to kill me anymore?

Unknown Role (None): Mmhmm.

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph.

Unknown Role (None): But before that, we'd like to ask you another question...

???: Please ask.

Unknown Role (None): Are you Saimon Jirou?

???: I... maybe...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): I—I—I am! I am! I'm Jirou, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, look at him grovel...

Unknown Role (None): (Well, whether it's true or not...)

Unknown Role (None): (His parents will know for sure.)

Unknown Role (None): (That's true, his identity is difficult for us to ascertain. But if we send him to his parents, they'll know in a heartbeat.)

Unknown Role (None): Alright, Saimon. On account of your coming from a samurai line, we'll give you one chance to redeem your errors.

Unknown Role (None): Now, tell us again, what... treasure were you talking about earlier? Speak clearly!

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Speak clearly!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I—I'm a professional treasure hunter...

Unknown Role (None): Is he?

Unknown Role (None): That's one I've never heard.

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't look like it.

Unknown Role (None): S—Sorry! I'll get to the point.

Unknown Role (None): After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.

Unknown Role (None): If you could, my lords, please help me find these stone slates, that I might investigate them—

Unknown Role (None): Are you taking us for fools?

Unknown Role (None): (Paimon, don't press him too hard, now.)

Unknown Role (None): I—I wouldn't dare... I just mean that I've investigated it for a while, and have a good deal of experience.

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you do, then you'll know better than to try to play us false.

Unknown Role (None): Once all the stone slates are in place, the treasury door should open. Then we can split the treasure... uh, thirty-seventy...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm!?

Unknown Role (None): Want to die, do you?

Unknown Role (None): You'll get seventy, I'll get thirty!

Unknown Role (None): Relax, relax. This is just business. And we're definitely amenable to price negotiations.

Unknown Role (None): Once we've settled on something that we can agree on, everyone will be happy, right?

Unknown Role (None): Only thirty-seventy?

Unknown Role (None): True, that seems somewhat unacceptable. How about twenty-eighty?

Unknown Role (None): That's great! Twenty-eighty it is!

Unknown Role (None): #Sounds good, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Let's send twenty percent of his fingers to the Tenryou Commissioner. We'll split the remaining eighty.

Unknown Role (None): Agreed.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? W—Wait, no! Stop! I thought...!

Unknown Role (None): Hands out!

Unknown Role (None): ...Halt!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, as I thought, we can still discuss things, right...!

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to dirty your blade. Paimon's will do!

Unknown Role (None): It's smaller, so this'll go slower.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yes. True, true.

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): S—Stop! Please stop torturing me!

Unknown Role (None): I'll give you everything. Everything, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Just take all of it... *sobs*

Unknown Role (None): (Wow, we made him cry...)

Unknown Role (None): I'm quite big now... but no one has bullied me like this before... Waaah...

Unknown Role (None): (We played the part a little too well, huh...?)

Unknown Role (None): Weakling.

Unknown Role (None): (Hey! Aren't we done here already!?)

Unknown Role (None): (We should leave.)

Unknown Role (None): (Okay. Let's go.)

## Talk 10

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7219910 could not be retrieved

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): I mean, the key's right there! What's stopping you from getting it?

Unknown Role (None): Well, stay in that cage a moment, will you?

Unknown Role (None): Young lad, the world outside your cage has changed greatly since you last saw it...

Unknown Role (None): What...?

Unknown Role (None): We must continue to observe you. We must see if you have the qualities necessary to save this world.

Unknown Role (None): This is a "trial."

Unknown Role (None): The "trial"... of perseverance!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, Paimon recognizes you! Lord, this is the very person you saw in your dreams!

Unknown Role (None): (Keep silent for dramatic effect.)

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, are you both done yet? Help me get that key already!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): My lords! Here, sit, please! Sorry for the trouble...

Unknown Role (None): ...But how goes your search for those stone slates?

Unknown Role (None): I don't mean to pry!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you must have been successful, then?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Please, my lords, continue speaking...

Unknown Role (None): Here.

Unknown Role (None): This is all of them, right?

Unknown Role (None): Uh...

Unknown Role (None): Actually... No...

Unknown Role (None): Say that again?

Unknown Role (None): There's one missing.

Unknown Role (None): What did you say?

Unknown Role (None): There's one stone slate missing...

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean "one missing"! We worked really hard to find these four!

Unknown Role (None): And now you say that we're missing one—!

Unknown Role (None): (Paimon!)

Unknown Role (None): (Your cover is slipping.)

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I won't do that again!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph!

Unknown Role (None): I think we deserve an explanation.

Unknown Role (None): I've actually hidden the last stone slate somewhere safe. I just wanted to guard against—

Unknown Role (None): Us?

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, I mean no! Of course not!

Unknown Role (None): I just wanted to prevent people from finding the slates ahead of me...

Unknown Role (None): That way, the one slate that I hid away would serve as a final piece of insurance.

Unknown Role (None): Even if I couldn't obtain the other four slates, no one would be able to open the treasury.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Seems reasonable.

Unknown Role (None): So, where did you put that last slate?

Unknown Role (None): Take us there.

Unknown Role (None): I won't!

Unknown Role (None): What?

Unknown Role (None): I don't want to, so I won't!

Unknown Role (None): Afraid of something?

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What would I be afraid of?

Unknown Role (None): If you made me lead you there and get you the stone slate...

Unknown Role (None): That place is where... people dispose of bodies...

Unknown Role (None): You'd just get rid of me, wouldn't you? Wh—Why wouldn't I be scared...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, such clear logic!

Unknown Role (None): Well, he's got a point. Why didn't we think of that?

Unknown Role (None): Let's do it your way, then.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! I haven't told you where the stone slate is hidden yet!

Unknown Role (None): Are you just going to get rid of me... right here? The secret of the stone slate will die with me, you know?

Unknown Role (None): J—Just spare my life, and I'll tell you where it is. And after that... I'll do whatever you tell me.

Unknown Role (None): (Let's not press him too hard. And since he's already said this much...)

Unknown Role (None): Fine. We'll spare you.

Unknown Role (None): Tell me where to find the slate.

Unknown Role (None): There's a place, beside a small waterfall, hidden amongst the cliffs across the sea from Ritou. That's where I buried the stone slate.

Unknown Role (None): If you fear you might forget, my lords, I'll mark the location on your map later...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks!

Unknown Role (None): *cough*

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Looks like you've got your uses, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Are you rushing us?

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): How are things going? I can already smell the treasure, haha!

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm, us too!

Unknown Role (None): Well, here they are.

Unknown Role (None): One, two, three, four... Hmm, no, that's not right.

Unknown Role (None): Eh—?

Unknown Role (None): We're missing one slate.

Unknown Role (None): This guy is untrustworthy. He's trying to play us!

Unknown Role (None): What's going on, Jirou?

Unknown Role (None): D—Don't be so hasty! Let me explain.

Unknown Role (None): I hid one other stone slate beforehand — here, beside a waterfall amidst the cliffs on Ritou's opposing shore. Here, I'll mark it out on your map.

Unknown Role (None): I just need you two to go on one last trip.

Unknown Role (None): Really...? Paimon still thinks this is suspicious.

Unknown Role (None): No tricks.

Unknown Role (None): There won't be, don't worry.

Unknown Role (None): See, if I didn't have that last slate, I wouldn't be able to get to the treasure either, would I?

Unknown Role (None): Then why didn't you tell us from the start?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I didn't trust you all as much then. But since you've both helped me so much, there's no reason for me to hide anymore.

Unknown Role (None): ...You do have a point.

Unknown Role (None): I'll leave it to you two, then. I'll be resting here. Just look for me again once you've found it.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Aren't you a pair of idle hands.

Unknown Role (None): We're doing all the work here... Maybe we should renegotiate our terms!

Unknown Role (None): Wait! We had an agreement on that one! You'll have a majority share!

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure?

Unknown Role (None): He's panicked, that's what's for sure.

Unknown Role (None): Well, since you look like you want that treasure so desperately, we'll trust you just this once.

Unknown Role (None): We're definitely gonna renegotiate once we get our hands on that last stone slate.

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Who are you? Name yourselves!

Unknown Role (None): That's our line. Who are you?

Unknown Role (None): What's that got to do with you?

Unknown Role (None): I will not cut down a nameless person.

Unknown Role (None): Hah! You outlanders have such a rule as well?

Unknown Role (None): How interesting...

Unknown Role (None): There's no need to waste time here, just fight him already!

Unknown Role (None): Silence, you.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, okay...

Unknown Role (None): You've come to save this kid?

Unknown Role (None): #No, {F#she}{M#he} hasn't...

Unknown Role (None): Silence, you!

Unknown Role (None): A—Alright, you speak first.

Unknown Role (None): We're here to settle a score with him!

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What a coincidence!

Unknown Role (None): I'm here to do just that myself!

Unknown Role (None): In which case, I'm afraid you're going to have to get in line.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. Would you like to know...

Unknown Role (None): ...Who saved him the previous time?

Unknown Role (None): You did.

Unknown Role (None): He told me so at least a few times.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, then that's alright.

Unknown Role (None): He bluffed you into helping him find the stone slate, didn't he? Bet he didn't tell you that the treasure still needs a key to open it, huh?

Unknown Role (None): A key?

Unknown Role (None): Hah! You see, the treasury doesn't just have one gate, but three.

Unknown Role (None): Want to open that door? Slates, key, you'll need 'em both.

Unknown Role (None): This fellow is a little snake. Had us all fooled.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): How about this? I suggest that you and I settle this whole treasure business between us.

Unknown Role (None): From the looks of you, you aren't with the Shogunate. That suits me just fine. I'd sooner trust an outlander than one of those lackeys.

Unknown Role (None): And if you can prove your ability, I'll let you into my group. It's a good deal for you!

Unknown Role (None): What about Jirou?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, him? I'll have the dogs tear him to shreds. We'll pack the pieces up and chuck 'em into the sea.

Unknown Role (None): You have other dogs?

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean by that?

Unknown Role (None): I mean that Toratarou doesn't bite.

Unknown Role (None): And how do you know that?

Unknown Role (None): He's a good dog, he wouldn't bite anyone!

Unknown Role (None): I think you're in need of a few dog bites, alright!

Unknown Role (None): But that's the thing. Toratarou wouldn't bite anyone! He's a real friendly dog!

Unknown Role (None): Shut up!

Unknown Role (None): But...

Unknown Role (None): But, but, but! Just shut up already, or do you need me to smash you, cage and everything!?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Now, where were we?

Unknown Role (None): You were talking about a key...

Unknown Role (None): It's on his person.

Unknown Role (None): That smart aleck thought that he could hide the treasury key and keep all the treasure for himself.

Unknown Role (None): But he was way too hasty for his own good. He's just full of openings!

Unknown Role (None): Now in our line of work, the most important thing is a sense of "fairness."

Unknown Role (None): Things don't end well for those who try to hoard everything for themselves.

Unknown Role (None): It's just the principle of the matter, you know? And when someone doesn't listen to his brothers, then slightly... harder measures are required.

Unknown Role (None): So he fled into the cage, locked himself inside, and threw the key away—

Unknown Role (None): What...?

Unknown Role (None): I know, right? He stunned us right into silence too.

Unknown Role (None): And then he gave a cry of shock—

Unknown Role (None): I threw the wrong key... I threw the cage key into the trees opposite us.

Unknown Role (None): Pfft!

Unknown Role (None): Bwahahahahaha! What in the world is that?

Unknown Role (None): Heh...

Unknown Role (None): That's a classic...

Unknown Role (None): So, the person you're trying to save is this hapless, worthless man.

Unknown Role (None): Not much to his character either: he's a deserter, hated by all!

Unknown Role (None): And finally, he even got on the bad side of someone he couldn't afford to offend!

Unknown Role (None): But you on the other hand — you're a smart person. You've got brains, brawn, and you've got your ways.

Unknown Role (None): Between him and I, it should be pretty obvious who you should choose, eh?

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't call myself that intelligent.

Unknown Role (None): I'd say you're the unintelligent one here.

Unknown Role (None): ...And what do you mean by that?

Unknown Role (None): The treasure. I'm taking all of it.

Unknown Role (None): Give me Saimon Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): I'll take both him and the treasure.

Unknown Role (None): Alright!

Unknown Role (None): Is that so... Well, that's a shame. A real shame.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): N—No! D—Don't come any closer!

Unknown Role (None): Noooo! I wanna go home! I don't wanna be a bandit! Or a treasure hunter!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): There, there... We're here to rescue. We're gonna take you home.

Unknown Role (None): No! No! I want to live! I still want to see my mother...!

Unknown Role (None): Agh, now Paimon's feeling guilty...

Unknown Role (None): Me too, actually.

Unknown Role (None): You know what, I'm actually quite glad.

Unknown Role (None): Hey—!

Unknown Role (None): (Just look at him! Paimon doesn't think he's gonna listen to a word you say... We might as well just keep up the act!)

Unknown Role (None): Stop! Stop! Don't come any closer!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, listen here...

Unknown Role (None): I—It's like this, alright?

Unknown Role (None): You've caused us lots of trouble, and your repeated deceptions are a sin that cannot be atoned for!

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): However!

Unknown Role (None): You have contributed to the Shogun's righteous cause in aiding in the defeat of these bandits!

Unknown Role (None): By these actions have you thus redeemed yourself, and thus, you shall not be punished. Indeed, we shall bring you home to be reunited with your parents!

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Jirou, are you alright?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hello! Jirou! Are you there?

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Is this...

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Is this... some kind of newfangled interrogation technique?

Unknown Role (None): Pfft! No, it isn't! We're going to bring you home! C'mon, aren't you happy?

Unknown Role (None): Oh...

Unknown Role (None): Ohh...

Unknown Role (None): Ohhhh!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, what are you trying to do, bite someone?

Unknown Role (None): ...So you're saying that not only am I not going to be "dealt with," but that I made a contribution, right?

Unknown Role (None): Th—That is the case, yes.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! That's right, that's right! That was my intention all along!

Unknown Role (None): I won't beleaguer you with the details, but I was merely baiting those crooks in when I was captured the previous two times...

Unknown Role (None): I redirected you and intentionally got myself captured, for I had calculated perfectly that you would find me here, just as I fell into the trap!

Unknown Role (None): But little did they know that I had risked myself to serve as the lure while you closed the net! Ah, like the praying mantis hunting the cicada, they did not see th—

Unknown Role (None): We were just randomly passing by.

Unknown Role (None): We weren't looking for you.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Indeed, even the wisest of the wise cannot account for every coincidence.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I'm not calling myself wise here. I am a very humble person, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, and here we were worried that we might have scared the stupid out of him...

Unknown Role (None): Seems like this guy has forgotten everything.

Unknown Role (None): I'd say that his thick skin is a small miracle in and of itself.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Well, now that you've said all this, I feel like there's no need to go home just yet!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* This guy is... Ugh, he's such a waste of our breath!

Unknown Role (None): Why don't we just get all that treasure while we're at it. Two big scores in one day shall set us all at ease.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. *If* there's any treasure, you mean...

Unknown Role (None): But why don't we go have a look anyway? We've come all this way. It'd be a shame not to take some of that treasure~

Unknown Role (None): That's more like it! Here's the key. Don't lose it, now.

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Phew... I... I'm very sorry, you two.

Unknown Role (None): To tell you the truth, I—I'm still a little frightened by everything that happened...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, forget that for now. We're here for the treasure, y'know? The treasure!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Don't... be in such a rush. Just let me take a break, and we'll head off.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. You can forget about fooling us this time, Jirou!

Unknown Role (None): I won't. I wouldn't dare...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You know what? I'll just give you the key. Just don't lose it now.

Unknown Role (None): And don't worry, it isn't the cage key this time...

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): What in the world is all this...

Unknown Role (None): *cough* Pah...! So much ash!

Unknown Role (None): We've looked all over the place. Nothing but rotten provisions and old pottery...

Unknown Role (None): Famous swords and armor, precious gems and gold... There's nothing like that here.

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing hidden underneath, either...

Unknown Role (None): Why did this happen?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! You aren't tricking us again, are you!?

Unknown Role (None): Steady, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): He isn't tricking us this time.

Unknown Role (None): Huh...? But there's nothing here!

Unknown Role (None): I think I get what happened...

Unknown Role (None): I'll explain it to you later, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): What is this!? We did so much, planned for so long, but in the end...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, come on, don't get too down...

Unknown Role (None): Let's go home, Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, come on, there's no need to be so sad. Let's go home, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe you think that returning home empty-handed might be embarrassing, but actually, it's fine...

Unknown Role (None): You've been through three super dangerous adventures, and you survived.

Unknown Role (None): The mistakes you've made have also been made up for. Though you didn't get the treasure you expected, you didn't lose anything in the end anyway...

Unknown Role (None): Compared to all those dangers you've been through, being scolded by your dad is nothing, right?

Unknown Role (None): Alright...

Unknown Role (None): Let's go home, Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): (Yay! We did it!)

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Haha! My Jirou's back!

Unknown Role (None): You little brat! Bet you've been slacking off instead of fighting for Her Excellency like you ought to have, eh? And to top it off, you didn't even have time to write to me!

Unknown Role (None): Jirou's been working hard.

Unknown Role (None): Working hard at everything but fighting, am I right?

Unknown Role (None): Entirely so, I fear.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Wait. What do you mean?

Unknown Role (None): It means you're an old mouth breather...

Unknown Role (None): This kid can always count on your falling for his fibs. But not me — I always see through his little lies.

Unknown Role (None): I'll bet he ran away to have his own little adventures because he thought army life was hard, boring, and dangerous.

Unknown Role (None): ...Just like you when you were young.

Unknown Role (None): Lazy, impatient, and feckless, but fond of a good brag. Ah, you men are all the same...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Why'd you start trashing me all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): Let him speak for himself! What happened?

Unknown Role (None): Well... It's a long story...

Unknown Role (None): Hahahahaha! You're... You're an embarrassment!

Unknown Role (None): Hahahahahaha! The what to the what now? What is this nonsense? Hahaha!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ashamed to call you my son!

Unknown Role (None): Just go and be a comedian in the city — and don't come back, you hear?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I'm just glad that you didn't lose a limb, Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): Though to be honest, we'd be more relieved if you did...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa. That's a guy's real parents for you, huh...?

Unknown Role (None): So... are you two really ninjas from the Tenryou Commission?

Unknown Role (None): If you ask me...

Unknown Role (None): Nope!

Unknown Role (None): We're not.

Unknown Role (None): ???

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...Pfft!

Unknown Role (None): Ahahahahahahaha!

Unknown Role (None): Hahahaha... All right, give our son a break, you old geezer.

Unknown Role (None): But you've been laughing at me too, mom!

Unknown Role (None): Well, again, we're just glad that you came back safe.

Unknown Role (None): After all, you only had to join the army because of that little crime you committed...

Unknown Role (None): Ever since you left, neither we nor the village chief have been able to protect you.

Unknown Role (None): But you've got to learn to look out for yourself, too. How to choose your path wisely, how to assess the risks...

Unknown Role (None): You're a clever kid, but that's not enough when you're away from home. You need to be cautious and...

Unknown Role (None): All right, that's enough nagging, you old fossil. What our boy needs right now is a bath and a good rest.

Unknown Role (None): Um, Paimon heard you mention that he committed a "little crime."

Unknown Role (None): What was that about?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it was nothing... Just a stupid mistake made by some reckless young men who bit off more than they could chew.

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't call it a mistake though...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem!

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes, as I was saying, they made a mistake, and there was no excuse for that.

Unknown Role (None): So, about his being a deserter...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for reminding us about that. But I'll just say this: Don't underestimate the wisdom of us farming folk, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Did I ever mention that the place where you found the "treasure"...

Unknown Role (None): Was actually a granary where ancient farmers stored their surplus grain? Back when I was a kid, it was common knowledge that such things existed.

Unknown Role (None): But over time, ignorant adventurers and city people mispronounced its name...

Unknown Role (None): One wrong name snowballed into another, and eventually, a "granary" became a "treasury."

Unknown Role (None): Not that this didn't make sense — food is priceless treasure to us in times of war, after all.

Unknown Role (None): The principle we'll follow for this whole deserter business is the same.

Unknown Role (None): How exactly can these two things be treated the same?

Unknown Role (None): Metaphorically, of course!

Unknown Role (None): As long as we can still afford to, we won't give any young person up to war.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, the old man and I will hide this child well.

Unknown Role (None): And once we've ridden out the storm, we'll kick him out of the house again... He can go find himself a decent job then.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Silly me! I've talked so much but left your payment out!

Unknown Role (None): Well, since my own son isn't worth pinning my hopes on... I'll hand our heirloom blade over to you!

Unknown Role (None): Please accept this priceless family heirloom of ours as weregild for his life.

Unknown Role (None): I hope that the path ahead won't render this blade bloodstained, youngster...

Unknown Role (None): Hah! I wouldn't worry about that — this blade's so blunt, it's nearly turned back into a billet!

Unknown Role (None): Tch, old woman! Don't show such disrespect to our heirloom blade!

Unknown Role (None): Come, take this drawing with you as well.

Unknown Role (None): See? This is how our blade used to look like...

Unknown Role (None): Look at that beautiful pattern...

Unknown Role (None): The smooth arc...

Unknown Role (None): The lovely cross section and sharp edge...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright. How long are you going to caress that artwork, huh? Give them the gift already!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph...!

Unknown Role (None): Take good care of them, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! Take our heirloom armor too! I was gonna give it to Ichirou, but he's also good for nothing... so it's yours!

Unknown Role (None): Geez, stop it! Can't you see how this armor's practically dripping rust!? You're embarrassing yourself!

Unknown Role (None): You're too kind...

Unknown Role (None): But your gifts are more than enough already...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright then...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you once again, youngster from a foreign land...

Unknown Role (None): I wish you good fortune in your adventure ahead.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Haha! My Jirou's back!

Unknown Role (None): You little brat! Bet you've been slacking off instead of fighting for Her Excellency like you ought to have, eh? And to top it off, you didn't even have time to write to me!

Unknown Role (None): Jirou's been working hard.

Unknown Role (None): Working hard at everything but fighting, am I right?

Unknown Role (None): Entirely so, I fear.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Wait. What do you mean?

Unknown Role (None): It means you're an old mouth breather...

Unknown Role (None): This kid can always count on your falling for his fibs. But not me — I always see through his little lies.

Unknown Role (None): I'll bet he ran away to have his own little adventures because he thought army life was hard, boring, and dangerous.

Unknown Role (None): ...Just like you when you were young.

Unknown Role (None): Lazy, impatient, and feckless, but fond of a good brag. Ah, you men are all the same...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Why'd you start trashing me all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): Let him speak for himself! What happened?

Unknown Role (None): Well... It's a long story...

Unknown Role (None): Hahahahaha! You're... You're an embarrassment!

Unknown Role (None): Hahahahahaha! The what to the what now? What is this nonsense? Hahaha!

Unknown Role (None): I'm ashamed to call you my son!

Unknown Role (None): You should just sod off to be a comedian in the city — and don't come back, you hear?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I'm just glad that you didn't lose a limb, Jirou.

Unknown Role (None): Though to be honest, we'd be more relieved if you did...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa. That's a guy's real parents for you, huh...?

Unknown Role (None): Well, again, we're just glad that you came back safe.

Unknown Role (None): After all, you only had to join the army because of that little crime you committed...

Unknown Role (None): Ever since you left, neither we nor the village chief have been able to protect you.

Unknown Role (None): But you've got to learn to look out for yourself, too. How to choose your path wisely, how to assess the risks...

Unknown Role (None): You're a clever kid, but that's not enough when you're away from home. You need to be cautious and...

Unknown Role (None): All right, that's enough nagging, you old fossil. What our boy needs right now is a bath and a good rest.

Unknown Role (None): Um, Paimon heard you mention that he committed a "little crime."

Unknown Role (None): What was that about?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it was nothing... Just a stupid mistake made by some reckless young men who bit off more than they could chew.

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't call it a mistake though...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem!

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes, as I was saying, they made a mistake, and there was no excuse for that.

Unknown Role (None): So, about his being a deserter...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for reminding us about that. But I'll just say this: Don't underestimate the wisdom of us farming folk, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Did I ever mention that the place where you found the "treasure"...

Unknown Role (None): Was actually a granary where ancient farmers stored their surplus grain? Back when I was a kid, it was common knowledge that such things existed.

Unknown Role (None): But over time, ignorant adventurers and city people mispronounced its name...

Unknown Role (None): One wrong name snowballed into another, and eventually, a "granary" became a "treasury."

Unknown Role (None): Not that this didn't make sense — food is priceless treasure to us in times of war, after all.

Unknown Role (None): The principle we'll follow for this whole deserter business is the same.

Unknown Role (None): How exactly can these two things be treated the same?

Unknown Role (None): Metaphorically, of course!

Unknown Role (None): As long as we can still afford to, we won't give any young person up to war.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, the old man and I will hide this child well.

Unknown Role (None): And once we've ridden out the storm, we'll kick him out of the house again... He can go find himself a decent job then.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Silly me! I've talked so much but left your payment out!

Unknown Role (None): Well, since my own son isn't worth pinning my hopes on... I'll hand our heirloom blade over to you!

Unknown Role (None): Please accept this priceless family heirloom of ours as weregild for his life.

Unknown Role (None): I hope that the path ahead won't render this blade bloodstained, youngster...

Unknown Role (None): Hah! I wouldn't worry about that — this blade's so blunt, it's nearly turned back into a billet!

Unknown Role (None): Tch, old woman! Don't show such disrespect to our heirloom blade!

Unknown Role (None): Come, take this drawing with you as well.

Unknown Role (None): See? This is how our blade used to look like...

Unknown Role (None): Look at that beautiful pattern...

Unknown Role (None): The smooth arc...

Unknown Role (None): The lovely cross section and sharp edge...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright. How long are you going to caress that artwork, huh? Give them the gift already!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph...!

Unknown Role (None): Take good care of them, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! Take our heirloom armor too! I was gonna give it to Ichirou, but he's also good for nothing... so it's yours!

Unknown Role (None): Geez, stop it! Can't you see how this armor's practically dripping rust!? You're embarrassing yourself!

Unknown Role (None): You're too kind...

Unknown Role (None): But your gifts are more than enough already...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright then...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you once again, youngster from a foreign land...

Unknown Role (None): I wish you good fortune in your adventure ahead.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): You've returned, youngster!

Unknown Role (None): How have things gone? Do you have any news?

Unknown Role (None): I'm still working on it.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, to think that I've inconvenienced you so on account of my useless son...

Unknown Role (None): Pick some of the fruits and vegetables around my house before you go. I am old, anyway, and there's no way I could finish them.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): About Konda Village...

Unknown Role (None): You mean our village? Well then, you've certainly asked the right man.

Unknown Role (None): Our village gained its fame from producing dyes, and has been the Shogunate's very own dye production facility for as long as anyone records or remembers.

Unknown Role (None): When business was good in the old days, this place was an ocean of red and purple from here to Byakko Plain.

Unknown Role (None): It's a shame that this is not the case anymore... The young people have gone to the city to seek their fortunes, and with the war going on, we have even more trouble keeping people. We cannot keep them, and we cannot hope for their return.

Unknown Role (None): Even my Jirou has... *sigh* I can only hope that he is doing well.

Unknown Role (None): But if you ask me if I regret sending my boy out to the battlefield...

Unknown Role (None): Haha. We people of Konda Village have never regretted such things.

Unknown Role (None): Our ancestors have never feared any foe, not even during the Archon War those millennia ago.

Unknown Role (None): Half our young men went out to battle alongside the divine kitsune in the war five hundred years ago, and they were all slain, never to return... they were also our ancestors.

Unknown Role (None): Every person here is a descendant of samurai — descendants of the victorious dead and the survivors.

Unknown Role (None): No matter how long the peace or lengthy the prosperity, that memory will never fade.

Unknown Role (None): So... If dying for Her Excellency the Ogosho is to be our fate, we have no reason to refuse.

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): About your son...

Unknown Role (None): Yes? Do you have any news?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, no, not right now! We're still trying to look for him.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, slow down. Don't rush it, youngster.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* But at the same time, please don't take too long either.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Finally, someone's here... Please, kind souls, get me out of here! I've been stuck here for several days now...

Unknown Role (None): Sure! C'mon, let's bust this thing open in one go!

Unknown Role (None): Great idea!

Unknown Role (None): Stand back.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stop right there, stop!

Unknown Role (None): C—Can you guarantee that this won't hurt me?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all.

Unknown Role (None): Oh come on, we're gonna save you first — everything else can wait!

Unknown Role (None): No! Don't! It's... it's too scary!

Unknown Role (None): And you don't have to be so reckless, I know where the key is!

Unknown Role (None): And you didn't think to tell us that first?

Unknown Role (None): You didn't ask!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* If you're here to help, you should listen to what people have to say, at least!

Unknown Role (None): The key's in that tree over there. Just help me get it and open this cage.

Unknown Role (None): See that thing glittering over in that tree? That's where the key is.

Unknown Role (None): I'll thank you all properly once I'm out of here.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you threw it pretty far, huh?

Unknown Role (None): How did you end up in here?

Unknown Role (None): It's... a long story, and this isn't the place to chat about that. Get me out of here first and then we'll talk.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know where Saimon Jirou is?

Unknown Role (None): I—I do, yes! I'll tell you once I'm out!

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Phew, finally, someone's here to rescue me!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, thank you so much!

Unknown Role (None): But we can't stay in this place. Let's split up and get out of here!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right. I know of a safe spot. Let me just mark it out for you over... here.

Unknown Role (None): Just look for me there, got it? Okay. Great. Bye!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, wait a—

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, he's gone off on his own. So rude!

Unknown Role (None): Well, we are a bit too close to the open sea.

Unknown Role (None): The bandits will spot us any moment now.

Unknown Role (None): That's true. Let's get out of here first, then!

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Is this another "trial"...?

Unknown Role (None): We were just discussing the matter...

Unknown Role (None): Do you outlanders need to hold a meeting just to get a single key?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, but what if you are some sort of great bandit?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps it would be safer if you remained inside that cage.

Unknown Role (None): That's true... What if he starts growing super huge all of a sudden once we let him out, and he tears us to pieces and eats us, all snicker-snack-like?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! That's not what a bandit does!

Unknown Role (None): Also, what on earth is "snicker-snack"?

Unknown Role (None): He might be a werewolf.

Unknown Role (None): A snickery-snackery werewolf.

Unknown Role (None): Oh no! A werewolf! So scary...

Unknown Role (None): Are you two playing me for a fool here?

Unknown Role (None): What a fierce werewolf!

Unknown Role (None): So ferocious!

Unknown Role (None): What are you two, children?

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): The key is in that tree, so stop playing around already!

Unknown Role (None): Come on, haven't you heard of "mental strength"?

Unknown Role (None): I just know that it has nothing to do with this cage.

Unknown Role (None): And that's where you'd be wrong!

Unknown Role (None): First, you need to create an imaginary space.

Unknown Role (None): Then focus your attention on the cage around you, and imagine it disappearing... and disappearing...

Unknown Role (None): Follow along, if you please...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...I've got it.

Unknown Role (None): Speak, young man.

Unknown Role (None): Talking to you is bad for my mental health.

Unknown Role (None): So, starting from now, I'm just not going to speak to either of you.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, come on, don't be like that!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Did we say something wrong?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): What a weirdo...

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're back? Don't worry about the stone slates. Once you've found them, just give them all to me at once.

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): About the bandit camp...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes, about that... I do have something I'd like you to help me with.

Unknown Role (None): The camp also keeps a little dog. Hehe, we got on pretty well — you could even call us cellmates in a way...

Unknown Role (None): Could you... help me rescue that little fellow?

Unknown Role (None): I remember that the key should be on Red Nose Tsutomu.

Unknown Role (None): He's always drunk out of his gourd... There's no missing him.

Unknown Role (None): I'll bear that in mind.

Unknown Role (None): I'll think about it.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): So, do you know a Saimon Katsumi...

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Have you met him...?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* What a headache...

Unknown Role (None): Could you explain that?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't enjoy being in the army. And you've seen how the old man gets when he talks about war...

Unknown Role (None): But you know what? He's lived in peace all this time himself, and he never dared to join the army either... So he just pushed those unfulfilled expectations onto me.

Unknown Role (None): As for me... I was okay with it at first, too. The Tenryou Commission treated us well, and I was making good money!

Unknown Role (None): But then, the real war started up...

Unknown Role (None): Well, the battlefield follows its own logic, of course. But the gain was never worth what we lost.

Unknown Role (None): I couldn't get with that kind of thinking, so I left.

Unknown Role (None): Huh...

Unknown Role (None): By which he means that he deserted.

Unknown Role (None): Oh!

Unknown Role (None): Come on, "deserting" is such a bad word. I prefer something like...

Unknown Role (None): "Absconding?"

Unknown Role (None): What on earth is that?

Unknown Role (None): What on earth is that?

Unknown Role (None): Heh...

Unknown Role (None): Forget I said anything.

Unknown Role (None): Right, I remember now. This is what we call "transferring investments!"

Unknown Role (None): Huh...

Unknown Role (None): He means going off to become a bandit.

Unknown Role (None): Ah!

Unknown Role (None): How did you know that I—

Unknown Role (None): I just guessed.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, he gave himself up!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright. Let's not talk about this stuff... We'll have all the time in the world to talk nonsense once the stone slates have all been found.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Alright.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you continue then. If you'd like to rest for a while over here, that's fine too.

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Ah, my lords! You've returned.

Unknown Role (None): How is it? How goes your search.

Unknown Role (None): Be quiet, whelp.

Unknown Role (None): (How are you this experienced...)

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes, I'm sorry! I spoke out of turn, out of turn!

Unknown Role (None): Please, my lords, rest your weary feet here, and continue on your way once you are rested as you please...

Unknown Role (None): Mm.

Unknown Role (None): Mm~

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're back!

Unknown Role (None): So you've been quite idle here, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, there's no need to put it like that.

Unknown Role (None): Sit as you please and have something to eat. This tent of mine isn't too bad, I hope!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes. How goes the search for the stone slates?

Unknown Role (None): Alright.

Unknown Role (None): We've found a few!

Unknown Role (None): So quickly? Ah, I should have expected no less from travelers from abroad who move as they please through Inazuma!

Unknown Role (None): No need to rush. At this rate, the day I get rich is not far off, I'd wager!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... *cough*, I mean, "we."

Unknown Role (None): Aye, what say we all get rich together, eh?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. What a fishy guy...

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, he's really ignoring us...

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): I'm Saimon Jirou! I'm Saimon Jirou, alright?

Unknown Role (None): The treasure's all yours! I won't take a single Mora!

Unknown Role (None): (Let's not get him too much more worked up than this. He's such a wretched guy...)

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): If you hadn't gotten me out of that cage, those fellows would have turned me into a blood urchin...

Unknown Role (None): What's a blood urchin?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha. Oh right, the two of you are outlanders. You wouldn't know our local parlance.

Unknown Role (None): It's a very scary, ancient method of punishment. A very, very scary one...

Unknown Role (None): Very, very, very scary...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright, Paimon doesn't wanna hear it! Ugh, why did Paimon even ask!?

Unknown Role (None): #No, wait. Actually, how did you know all this weird stuff, huh, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Why don't you try to guess?

Unknown Role (None): Hey—!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, alright.

Unknown Role (None): #So you're called Traveler. My name is Saimon Jirou. Pleased to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): The pleasure is all mine.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. That's right, we still don't know how you ended up in that cage.

Unknown Role (None): Well, this is a bit embarrassing... But I was just trying to get some peace of mind from my naggy old father...

Unknown Role (None): Never thought I'd wander right into a nest of bandits and get myself kidnapped!

Unknown Role (None): If not for you, I'd be in mortal danger for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes, I forget. I should probably give you some reward for this deed. My apologies.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, you're too polite...

Unknown Role (None): So, as for the reward...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, yep?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, but I can't give it to you right now.

Unknown Role (None): Come on, then why did you leave us hanging like that?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, no need to rush. Just slow down a bit and let me talk.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I—I'm a professional treasure hunter.

Unknown Role (None): Professional treasure hunter? Never heard of that...

Unknown Role (None): Uh, I mean, I'm someone who looks for treasure for a living.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon's got it now!

Unknown Role (None): After some lengthy investigation, I've discovered the location of some treasure nearby.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that the treasury gate requires four stone slates to open.

Unknown Role (None): Eh...?

Unknown Role (None): So you want us to run your errands for you?

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, don't be so hard up! If you bring the stone slates to me, and let me open the treasury door for you, I won't take a single Mora. The treasure will all be yours.

Unknown Role (None): That's so fishy...

Unknown Role (None): I mean, you did save my life! What's some treasure compared to that?

Unknown Role (None): I can't be sure if we can trust you...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, ah, see I knew you'd be too kind to take it all.

Unknown Role (None): How about this, then? We'll split it thirty-seventy. Seventy for me, twenty for you, and we'll give that last ten to the Ogosho in taxes. How about that?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Why do we have to split the loot with the Shogun?

Unknown Role (None): You're not making any sense...

Unknown Role (None): It's a huge treasury, you know? Even twenty percent is a sizable amount!

Unknown Role (None): And it's better than getting nothing, am I right?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you say that you weren't going to take a single Mora?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that was a limited-time offer — you snooze, you lose!

Unknown Role (None): This guy—!

Unknown Role (None): We'll settle this score once we find that treasure, mark Paimon's words!

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Please go, you two. Time waits for no one!

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Finally, someone's here... Please, kind souls, get me out of here! I've been stuck here for several days now...

Unknown Role (None): Sure! C'mon, let's bust this thing open in one go!

Unknown Role (None): Great idea!

Unknown Role (None): Stand back.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stop right there, stop!

Unknown Role (None): C—Can you guarantee that this won't hurt me?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all.

Unknown Role (None): Oh come on, we're gonna save you first — everything else can wait!

Unknown Role (None): No! Don't! It's... it's too scary!

Unknown Role (None): And you don't have to be so reckless, I know where the key is!

Unknown Role (None): And you didn't think to tell us that first?

Unknown Role (None): You didn't ask!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* If you're here to help, you should listen to what people have to say, at least!

Unknown Role (None): The key's in that tree over there. Just help me get it and open this cage.

Unknown Role (None): See that thing glittering over in that tree? That's where the key is.

Unknown Role (None): I'll thank you all properly once I'm out of here.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you threw it pretty far, huh?

Unknown Role (None): How did you end up in here?

Unknown Role (None): It's... a long story, and this isn't the place to chat about that. Get me out of here first and then we'll talk.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know where Saimon Jirou is?

Unknown Role (None): I—I do, yes! I'll tell you once I'm out!