# Dreams of Bloom

Unknown Role (None): Hello there! How would you like to grow some flowers of your very own?

Unknown Role (None): What sort of flowers?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, interested, are we? Don't worry about not understanding everything at first, let me explain it to you in brief.

Unknown Role (None): My name is Sakuya, and I'm a gardener who also runs a little business regarding flowers on the side.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I call it a business, but really, I just send people flowers most of the time, or I help some store with ikebana...

Unknown Role (None): What's ikebana?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you're not familiar? Ikebana is a very important art in Inazuma.

Unknown Role (None): In simple terms, you can consider ikebana the act of carefully cutting and processing flowers and other plants before arranging them in a suitable fashion...

Unknown Role (None): In specific, however, you need to take care to grasp the current state of the plants and trim the less presentable parts of them away...

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, your arrangement and placement must be suited to their environment, even down to the angle at which the flowers extend outward...

Unknown Role (None): These details must be given fastidious consideration, and can be a cumbersome process indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Even for someone who loves ikebana like me, it is a most tiring job...

Unknown Role (None): I used to have a storefront in the city, but the streets were far too noisy for me to concentrate on my work.

Unknown Role (None): So I closed the shop, and now I just receive customers next to my flower field.

Unknown Role (None): It's a quieter spot for sure, though I do get less business...

Unknown Role (None): Which is why I've specially devised a promotion plan to advertise my shop, "Sakuya's Flowers."

Unknown Role (None): I call this plan... "Dreams of Bloom"!

Unknown Role (None): And what does this plan entail, exactly?

Unknown Role (None): Specifically, it is about allowing customers to grow their own flowers and then create their own unique flower arrangements.

Unknown Role (None): If you're interested in giving it a try, just let me know. Growing and arranging flowers are both very interesting indeed, you know?