# The Many Matters of the Moonchase Festival

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I need to place another batch of treasure chests, don't I...

Unknown Role (None): Did I hear someone mention treasure chests?

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Are you here to take part in the Moonchase Festival as well?

Unknown Role (None): You could say that.

Unknown Role (None): Then you've come at the right time! The Adventurers' Guild is currently organizing an event to celebrate the festival.

Unknown Role (None): Would you like to know more?

Unknown Role (None): What activities are we talking about here?

Unknown Role (None): Oh no, not the dailies again. Anything but that...

Unknown Role (None): No, no! This activity is super adventurer-like!

Unknown Role (None): During the Moonchase Festival, the Guild has placed Moonchase Charms in various places.

Unknown Role (None): Those who find these Charms can bring them back to us in exchange for various rewards.

Unknown Role (None): We've also dispatched a group of adventurers to place a large batch of special treasure chests out in the wild.

Unknown Role (None): These special treasure chests will come filled with all manner of goodies, which we've prepared just for this occasion!

Unknown Role (None): Other than these two activities, we've also got some tough challenges lined up for elite adventurers!

Unknown Role (None): As for the details, it's... Well, it involves invading a series of monster camps...

Unknown Role (None): And what does that have to do with the festival?

Unknown Role (None): That's got nothing to do with the Moonchase Festival at all!

Unknown Role (None): Aha... Ahaha... I mean, uh, you don't have to put it like that...

Unknown Role (None): There's prizes to be had for beating those monsters!

Unknown Role (None): That's not all that different from normal commissions, come on...

Unknown Role (None): ...Please, just help us out! Most of our adventurers have left to go enjoy the festival, and many of our commissions are just sitting there with no one to take them up.

Unknown Role (None): Just lend us a hand! With your skills, it'll be a breeze, won't it?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, fine...

Unknown Role (None): Better have that payment ready.

Unknown Role (None): O—Of course, you'll be compensated fairly, Traveler, don't worry!

Unknown Role (None): I'll be here throughout the Moonchase Festival. If you have any questions, just ask me directly.

Unknown Role (None): We're counting on you, Traveler. Well then... enjoy the festival!