# Theater Mechanicus: Stage of Brilliance

Unknown Role (None): Hello there, Irodori Festival-goer!

Unknown Role (None): Come, try your hand at the all-new version of Theater Mechanicus!

Unknown Role (None): What's Theater Mechanicus?

Unknown Role (None): It's a tabletop game from Liyue, and a very interesting one, too!

Unknown Role (None): The original inventor of the game is Ms. Ruijin from Liyue, and she gave me the overseas franchising rights to the game, such that I'd be able to distribute it in Inazuma.

Unknown Role (None): I've been in correspondence with her about ways in which we might improve Theater Mechanicus.

Unknown Role (None): And just as luck would have it, the release of our new ruleset coincided with news that the Magnificent Irodori Festival was going to be held.

Unknown Role (None): A short while after deciding to take part in the exhibition, I heard that some big shot would be attending to assess the business prospects of Theater Mechanicus.

Unknown Role (None): That got me pumped right up! I mean, I hope everyone gets to play the best Theater Mechanicus possible.

Unknown Role (None): Would you like to have a go at Theater Mechanicus: Stage of Brilliance?

Unknown Role (None): "Stage of Brilliance"?

Unknown Role (None): Long story short, this is Theater Mechanicus' latest and greatest playstyle, which draws inspiration from the "endgame" phase of Liyue chess games.

Unknown Role (None): When each new board for Stage of Brilliance opens, there will already be some devices present on the field.

Unknown Role (None): Players must analyze the situation and figure out how to use these devices and carefully ponder stratagems that might be used to achieve victory.

Unknown Role (None): The pace of Stage of Brilliance is faster than those of previous versions, all the better to test the players' judgment. It'll be a sore test and no mistake!

Unknown Role (None): Well, let's have at it, then.

Unknown Role (None): I hope that the Stage of Brilliance will meet your expectations!

Unknown Role (None): Try Theater Mechanicus.

Unknown Role (None): Hello again, Komakata...

Unknown Role (None): Oh-ho! So you do remember me, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, it was all thanks to your ingenious strategies that I realized just how much more room Theater Mechanicus has left to improve.

Unknown Role (None): When the Stage of Wonders promotional event ended, I wrote to Ruijin to share my views with her.

Unknown Role (None): I never thought that we'd be on the exact same page! I guess I'm a pretty good "overseas franchise owner," eh? Hehehe...

Unknown Role (None): Either way, after some back and forth between us, we've come up with the newest version of Theater Mechanicus, which we call the "Stage of Brilliance."

Unknown Role (None): It draws inspiration from the "endgame" phase of Liyue chess games.

Unknown Role (None): When each new board for Stage of Brilliance opens, there will already be some devices present on the field.

Unknown Role (None): Players must analyze the situation and figure out how to use these devices and carefully ponder stratagems that might be used to achieve victory.

Unknown Role (None): The pace of Stage of Brilliance is faster than those of previous versions, all the better to test the players' judgment. It'll be a sore test and no mistake!

Unknown Role (None): That does sound interesting.

Unknown Role (None): I know, right? I can't wait to see how our customers react after playing.

Unknown Role (None): I think I've finally gotten the hang of being a franchise owner after all this time. As such, I'd like to use this Irodori Festival as an opportunity to get more people acquainted with this game.

Unknown Role (None): I've even heard that some big shot will be attending to assess its business prospects, so this might be our chance to make it big! Or at least, that's what I hope.

Unknown Role (None): So, how about it? Why not give the Stage of Brilliance a go?

Unknown Role (None): Try Theater Mechanicus.