# Go Forth, Golden Whirlwind!

Unknown Role (None): Might I ask for your name?

Unknown Role (None): #I'm Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): Good, I've written it down. May I ask if you are willing to put your honor as a warrior on the line?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, what?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no, no, have a nice day.

Unknown Role (None): Mm? Are you not, then, a warrior who has come forth to take part in this contest?

Unknown Role (None): Never heard of such a thing.

Unknown Role (None): Have you not heard of the "Clash of Lone Blades"?

Unknown Role (None): That can't be, I should have put up notices.

Unknown Role (None): Where did you put them up?

Unknown Role (None): Here.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, that's no use at all! No one's gonna see that, much less come over!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! This is all the Yashiro Commission's fault, what with their "no weapons or fighting during the Irodori Festival" nonsense. I applied to organize duels on Ritou, but they refused, and wouldn't let me put up advertisements, either.

Unknown Role (None): So I could only put the arena here and place the sign nearby.

Unknown Role (None): That said, we have already had 4 applicants. If we also include you, that makes 5.

Unknown Role (None): #Huh, so people actually joined. That's odd. Speaking of which, Paimon can't quite remember why you came here either, Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): The way I see it, you were able to find this place without any prior hints. This must mean that you are a warrior with a formidable spirit indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Those who hanker after martial prowess will always be attracted to one another. This is the way of the world — and there is little need to be surprised by it.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has no idea what world you live in.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. But still, would you be willing to take part?

Unknown Role (None): If you can defeat each of the four challengers, you will receive a reward, as a matter of course.

Unknown Role (None): I'll give it some consideration.

Unknown Role (None): Well then, please do take your time.