# A-Toymaking We Shall Go: Mass Production

Unknown Role (None): #Hah, Traveler and Paimon. You've arrived!

Unknown Role (None): My Toy Factory shall soon be open!

Unknown Role (None): Toy Factory?

Unknown Role (None): *coughs* Well, I mean, it's just me and my Great Machine at the moment.

Unknown Role (None): So, I streamlined the Machine's processes. Now, production should take a lot less time.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, we're not talking about "instantaneous" levels of speed, but I would at least rate it at "rapid."

Unknown Role (None): Wow, that sounds impressive.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, I made some improvements to the Material Collector as well.

Unknown Role (None): Previously, you'd need to come back here after each process.

Unknown Role (None): I thought that was inefficient, so I made some adjustments, and now it updates the current process based on your collection progress.

Unknown Role (None): So it changes the process...

Unknown Role (None): ...based on what we've collected?

Unknown Role (None): I'm confused...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, how should I put this?

Unknown Role (None): Let's say that the first process requires 10 Sunsettias, the second needs Hydro and the third will see you defeating 2 Hydro Slimes.

Unknown Role (None): And let's say that now you've collected 10 Sunsettias with the Material Collector equipped. Well, in that case, it will consider the materials for the first process collected in full.

Unknown Role (None): And then it will...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, and then it will automatically start the process of collecting materials for the next stage!

Unknown Role (None): Bingo! It will enter Elemental Charge mode, which will let it collect Hydro energy. And once it finishes collecting Hydro, it will change processes again.

Unknown Role (None): It will go on to the third process...

Unknown Role (None): It will proceed to Core Activation...

Unknown Role (None): Yep, and all you will have to do once that happens is to defeat 2 Hydro Slimes.

Unknown Role (None): That does sound a lot more convenient.

Unknown Role (None): Tell me about it. I pulled an all-nighter to improve it, you know? I personally call it the ultimate foolproof three-in-one...

Unknown Role (None): Huh. This Material Collector is truly amazing.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Heh...

Unknown Role (None): Why would you give this Material Collector to us, though?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I'm temporarily grounded in Ritou... So I can't collect materials at the moment.

Unknown Role (None): Come on, help me out here. You can have a bit of the Mora from selling toys and one of the toys for free!

Unknown Role (None): Excuse me? You mean with all the materials we collected and all the effort we put in, we only deserve a bit of the Mora and one toy?

Unknown Role (None): #That's preposterous! Let's get outta here, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Wait... How about a bigger share of the profits and two... maybe three toys?

Unknown Role (None): OK, that's it. Let's go, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Four! You can have four! But come on, that's as far as I can go!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You could have all of them, really, if only I wasn't in debt. Sadly, I still owe the International Trade Association a sum of Mora...

Unknown Role (None): All right, I'll let you off easy this time.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Listen, we chose to help because you needed help, not for the Mora or toys.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, and your aid is most appreciated.

Unknown Role (None): A relief, finally...

Unknown Role (None): Remember the ticket you got? Hehe, well, it can get you one free redemption...

Unknown Role (None): Well, as long as you've already created that particular toy model, of course.