# Travelers' Tales: Destiny Drawn

Unknown Role (None): Yes, that'll do. Just a quick and simple cleanup job...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, little one, you're just in time.

Unknown Role (None): Just in time... In time for what?

Unknown Role (None): Hold on a second... Where's this going?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, look at you. I can tell you're thinking. "Oh no, she's going to send me off on some pain-in-the-neck errand again, isn't she?"

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I was just going to say that we've finished renovating the shrine and are preparing to roll out a brand-new service.

Unknown Role (None): Now, I haven't had the chance to announce it yet, but here you are already. Wouldn't you agree that's good timing?

Unknown Role (None): See this offering box beside me? There's going to be another place to make wishes here soon.

Unknown Role (None): Don't you already have fortune slips?

Unknown Role (None): That's different. Fortune slips are about telling fortunes, whereas this... is about making wishes.

Unknown Role (None): Now then, close your eyes, make a wish, write it down on a prayer plaque, then hang it up on this rack here, and maybe your wish will come true.

Unknown Role (None): Can I wish for anything?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. But as for which wishes come true... That is up to the gods who watch over us all.

Unknown Role (None): Powerless Guuji that I am, I can only help you in mortal matters.

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't mind making some new friends...

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to be reunited with some old friends...

Unknown Role (None): If that's what you wish for, then why not try it out? Here, take this fortune paper.

Unknown Role (None): It's left over from writing fortune slips. You can have it.

Unknown Role (None): Try writing your wish there. That might make it more likely to come true.

Unknown Role (None): Really?

Unknown Role (None): When have I ever lied to you? Hurry up now, little one, it's time to make your wish.

Unknown Role (None): Remember to write your wish on the fortune paper, then stick it to the prayer plaque and hang it on the rack...

Unknown Role (None): After that, your wish will be made.

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Nice and solemn. Very good.

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure this'll work...?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, little one, back to business with you. Remember to keep your ears pricked and your eyes open!

Unknown Role (None): After all, the person you wish to meet might just be sitting at some noodle stand, having themselves a lovely bowl... And bring me back one while you're at it.