# Missing title (2191281391)

Unknown Role (None): Well, why are you back? Did you get the door slammed on you by our great Vijnanapati? I'll have you know that he doesn't compromise so easily with the Pari.

Unknown Role (None): You should just leave. And don't even think of getting anything more from me!

Unknown Role (None): Pfft! You spilled the beans without our help every time, though!

Unknown Role (None): So, about your Vijnanapati...

Unknown Role (None): Well, you say he's different, but...

Unknown Role (None): You tell Pyrrho of the Great Songs and Nasejuna's betrayal.

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense. Utter nonsense! Our Vijnanapati is the most scholarly man I know. He would not band together with those defiled beings!

Unknown Role (None): I'll bet you're just trying to mask your failure by sowing dissent.

Unknown Role (None): Nice try, but your story's way out there. No way I'd fall for that!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... C'mon, we gotta think. Don't we have those notes that Nasejuna gave us?

Unknown Role (None): It should still have Nasejuna's notes. Pyrrho should believe us if we give those to him!

Unknown Role (None): What notes are these? You really love those tricks of yours, don't you?

Unknown Role (None): You give Rene's Investigation Notes to Pyrrho.

Unknown Role (None): This... This is indeed the great Vijnanapati's handwriting...

Unknown Role (None): It truly was a once-in-a-lifetime thing that we gained such a knowledgeable leader, and yet he turned his back on our duties and threw his lot with the followers of the dark hollow...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You may not know this, but we have struggled against the followers of the dark hollow for hundreds of years.

Unknown Role (None): You could say that they are akin to our shadow, always attempting to taint our heritage. I have no doubt that the fall of our order to its present state cannot be separated from their plots.

Unknown Role (None): But I never thought that this time, even our leader would be... Ah, a plague upon our house, this is!

Unknown Role (None): No doubt Nasejuna has gone with those impure villains and now skulks with them in the shadows.

Unknown Role (None): In the past, he followed Elder Aryadeva to the Akademiya, and upon returning, he was absorbed with those ancient documents.

Unknown Role (None): We were people who emphasized praxis, and we found ourselves without a scholar like him for many years. I had thought that he would lead us to reform, but...

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, we didn't see that one coming either.

Unknown Role (None): This wasn't your fault.

Unknown Role (None): But since this is how things have played out, I must handle that which remains to be done.

Unknown Role (None): Our first priority is to appoint a new Vijnanapati. Things would go ill if someone takes advantage of this vacuum.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Paimon's really not sure if you have much of a vacuum worth sneaking into now...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, and I am ashamed of it. As penance, allow me to give you these documents that Nasejuna left in my keeping. They record the various traditions of our Order.

Unknown Role (None): Although I have not been able to understand it, I believe it might be of interest to you, so please, take it.

Unknown Role (None): And if you should have any trouble in the future, just seek me out, and I will lend you my aid.