# Heart of Amrita

Unknown Role (None): Hello there, are you the outlander offerer they spoke of?

Unknown Role (None): The outlander offerer?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I have heard of a valiant human who is bonded to a Pari. It has been centuries since this land last witnessed something so wondrous!

Unknown Role (None): We Pari used to walk with humans, and we would both build our homes in this Vourukasha Oasis.

Unknown Role (None): Despite the threat of the darkness, its corrosion never once stained the Oasis thanks to the protection of the Harvisptokhm and Khvarena.

Unknown Role (None): Though centuries have passed, those years remain my most cherished memories.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, but who are you?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't quite get you...

Unknown Role (None): I can feel that you are indeed the one who has forged a Lau{RUBY#[S]connection}pa with a Pari.

Unknown Role (None): I'm in charge of looking after the Amrita Pool. I have not set foot outside this place since Lady Zurvan sealed the Oasis.

Unknown Role (None): The Amrita Pool?

Unknown Role (None): The Amrita Pool is where we Pari were granted life. In it flows the primordial water left behind by our god.

Unknown Role (None): It's all thanks to the Amrita that countless motes of Khvarena have gained power and life.

Unknown Role (None): We will turn into Plumes of Purifying Light after exhausting our strength, leaving behind nothing but pure memories.

Unknown Role (None): And memories that belong to the Khvarena will return to the Harvisptokhm through the Amrita Pool.

Unknown Role (None): The Amrita is all that is needed to wash away the deepest sadness and sorrow. With its nourishment, one shall regain their pristine form as the Khvarena's familiar.

Unknown Role (None): And the offerer is the one who will help those familiars of Khvarena return to the sea of flowers.

Unknown Role (None): But ever since human warriors ceased performing that duty, Pari who have drained their strength while resisting the defilement have not been able to return to the sea of flowers.

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, now that we've been visited by a human warrior once again, the scattered Plumes of Purifying Light shall return to this place eventually.

Unknown Role (None): The Amrita Pool will accept all remembrances so long as an offering is made, and the waters and the tree will bestow blessings upon you.

Unknown Role (None): This is also the mercy of the divine.