# Mapping Dreams and Reality

Unknown Role (None): #Excuse me. Are you Traveler, by any chance?

Unknown Role (None): That's me.

Unknown Role (None): What can I do for you?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, good! Good thing I didn't get the wrong person.

Unknown Role (None): Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Dharmakirti, a Dastur from Amurta.

Unknown Role (None): We've heard of you, of course, but in truth, we don't know much about you.

Unknown Role (None): But we've been doing research on dreamscapes lately, and the Dendro Archon informed us that you were the most cool-headed person she's ever seen when distinguishing dreams from reality.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, she flatters me...

Unknown Role (None): Nay, don't be so modest. Anyway, that's precisely what our project is about, and our data indicates that people struggle to consciously wake up after falling asleep.

Unknown Role (None): We intend to utilize the psychological influence that dreams have on people to help regulate various psychological disorders.

Unknown Role (None): Specifically, we will use targeted environmental hints and guidance based on each patient's individual situation to create a suitable dreamscape for them.

Unknown Role (None): The technology to enter shared dreamscapes is still rather new, and advancements are mainly thanks to the many improvements made by the Dendro Archon. Simply put, our goal is to address patients' psychological problems by adjusting their cognitive states within dreamscapes.

Unknown Role (None): That seems... complicated.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, right. Sorry. Couldn't help rambling on about our project a bit. It is quite complicated, yes...

Unknown Role (None): Simply put, we're conducting medical research on the psychological effects of dreams, but we've gotten a bit stuck when it comes to practical implementation...

Unknown Role (None): And so you need my help?

Unknown Role (None): How are we calculating my payment?

Unknown Role (None): Got it in one go. Heh, this is embarrassing.

Unknown Role (None): None of our project members have any experience maintaining awareness within a dreamscape, so that left us all feeling really depressed. But now that we know people like you exist, hope has been rekindled!

Unknown Role (None): We also have our Archon to thank for this. Had she not heard our report and suggested we discuss things with you, I'm afraid our project would've had to be abandoned, never to be completed.

Unknown Role (None): I have faith that if this psychotherapy is popularized... then we'll be able to significantly reduce the rate of mental disorders in the Akademiya's annual statistics.

Unknown Role (None): So, from what you said just before, I can assume you're willing to help?

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing.

Unknown Role (None): Great! I'll organize the patient files right away. Come find me whenever you're free.

Unknown Role (None): The experimental process works like this. You just need to relax and enter the dreamscape together with the patient. That's half the battle.

Unknown Role (None): Next, when you're inside the dreamscape, you just need to follow the instructions given in the file to find the anomalous aspects related to the patient in question. Correct them, leave the dream, and that's that.

Unknown Role (None): We've also prepared emergency measures to get you out of the dreamscape if needed. The safety of our volunteers and patients is far more important than the success of any experiment.

Unknown Role (None): Every patient has unique circumstances and must be handled carefully. Well then, come find me whenever you're free.

Unknown Role (None): Understood.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your generosity. See you later!