# Boiling Over!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Haha... Ahahahaha! It is a success!

Unknown Role (None): Now I just need to hire a mercenary band and conduct a pilot deployment, with a goal to achieve basic operational capacity within ten days.

Unknown Role (None): Once I get the frontline reports, I'll be able to convince my mentor to give me a higher budget, with which I can prove to the Akademiya that this is the alchemical potion's strongest form!

Unknown Role (None): What's going on, why's there someone laughing herself silly in the desert's direction?

Unknown Role (None): And what's with all the talk about mercenaries and operational capacity... This person sounds like some kinda battle maniac!

Unknown Role (None): #What do we do, Traveler? Should we, uh, get away for a bit?

Unknown Role (None): No, no, I'm interested. Let's see where this situation goes.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Oh, right. Paimon forgot that you're a combat expert yourself...

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, it does tend to be that whenever you get along with someone, they'll almost certainly be willing to purchase our services.

Unknown Role (None): As long as this person doesn't plan on doing any bad things, and the Mora is good, we can definitely consider helping out!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Are you talking about me behind my—

Unknown Role (None): Ah! It's... It's you! The golden-haired outlander and their White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You know us? Paimon doesn't remember having this nickname, though!

Unknown Role (None): You have us at a disadvantage, Miss...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you've forgotten me. But I understand. I am but a normal plebeian, while you — you are living legends!

Unknown Role (None): A long time back, you aided my experiments with my great creation, the Remelting Tablets — alchemical potions designed to aid people in combat.

Unknown Role (None): That research went very smoothly indeed. You enjoyed hearty battles, and I drew much useful data and inspiration from said battles.

Unknown Role (None): It would not be wrong to say that you changed my life — and for that, I have always been thankful! The results of my research have also been of aid to some members of the Corps of Thirty in their work regarding Sumeru's security...

Unknown Role (None): Seriously? Did we really do that? Huh, we should remember that in future, then.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of that, you were saying something about combat and potions earlier, weren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Will you need our help this time as well?

Unknown Role (None): Well, why not? With you two around, I shan't have to rub shoulders with those sellswords.

Unknown Role (None): To tell the truth, I was worried that they might fleece me... or even rob me!

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment. She looks rather familiar.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. You're right. She does look pretty familiar.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon remembers! We met this person on a cliffside in the rainforest! What was her name again...

Unknown Role (None): The Alchemical Teamaster.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Paimon remembers that she was a pretty serious-minded alchemist. Not someone who would use her cauldron for anything other than research... Wait a minute, her name was Hajanad!

Unknown Role (None): The Master Alchemical Exploder.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, that sounds like something Paimon would say instead! Pretty sure her name was... Hajanad! It was Hajanad!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Are you talking about me behind my—

Unknown Role (None): Could... Could it be you? The golden-haired outlander and their White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit?

Unknown Role (None): Well, we weren't expecting to meet like this either. How've you been, Hajanad?

Unknown Role (None): Good! Never been better, really!

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to you, I was able to use my Remelting Tablet research data to write an essay that proved its excellence. Even the Corps of Thirty expressed a certain amount of interest.

Unknown Role (None): As it turns out, my original mentor wasn't taking me seriously at all, even though he wasn't a big deal himself. The reviews I got for my essay eclipsed him and all his students, and so I was able to be rid of him in one go!

Unknown Role (None): My new mentor very much thinks my research has potential, and helped me set up a specialization with a rather decent budget...

Unknown Role (None): Ah yes. If the two of you have some time, could you help me once again?

Unknown Role (None): If you were to help me complete the verification process for my Shock-Boiled Brews, I'd be willing to give you the part of my budget I set aside for this exactly. It would also serve as further thanks for your help.

Unknown Role (None): Mora worth fifty peoples' salaries. Not bad for remuneration, yes?

Unknown Role (None): Fifty peoples' worth of Mora!? Doesn't that mean that we'll be set for... a long while once we do a single day of work?

Unknown Role (None): #Sounds like a great deal, Traveler! We don't come by something like this often!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like a good opportunity. Let's do it.

Unknown Role (None): Let's hear it for the Shock-Boiled Brews, then.

Unknown Role (None): Haha! As decisive as ever! Well then, let's get to business.

Unknown Role (None): I discovered a temperature-related weakness in the Remelting Tablets I was testing in the Great Red Sand. In high-heat conditions, the explosion of the remelting tablets would not achieve its desired effect.

Unknown Role (None): As such, I dissolved some potions in stable liquid solutions and stored them separately from the tablets, which have higher melting points. When using them, I mixed the two together and pressurized the container.

Unknown Role (None): Having the tablets explode within the liquid medium produces a shock-boiling effect with higher efficacy and greater stability, and so the new device was named the "Shock-Boiling Device."

Unknown Role (None): You could sit in front of a Flaming Flower for an entire day, and you would still be able to use potions to aid you in battle. It's a huge leap in the reliability of the device!

Unknown Role (None): I even added periodic activation and recording functions to the device. In battle, it will activate in an automatic, reactive manner, and record combat data to boot. It's now incredibly easy to use!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... So, we just need to use this super convenient support device to beat some monsters up, right?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly!

Unknown Role (None): You really are serious about your work, Hajanad. You've explained this in so much detail that even as unfamiliar as Paimon is with this stuff, she thinks she's kinda got it!

Unknown Role (None): A less good-tempered researcher might have just said "fixed some known issue" just to dodge having to give that explanation!

Unknown Role (None): Well, it can activate automatically and make records...

Unknown Role (None): We don't really need to understand the fine details behind how it works...

Unknown Role (None): Alright then. Then let's do as we did before and help Hajanad test her device's effects out.

Unknown Role (None): We're in familiar territory — a few simple fights are all that separate us and a nice sum of Mora, and we can help Hajanad too! Everyone wins!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, talk about effective communication! I knew I'd much enjoy working with you two over those mercenaries!

Unknown Role (None): I've already prepared our test site — it's a Domain not far from here. Just take the device and help perform the tests, please!

Unknown Role (None): I'll be here waiting for your feedback!