# Determined and Elegant Battle Dance?

???: I felt it.

???: Every step you take is overflowing with an intoxicating aura, as though you were performing a dazzling battle dance.

???: As the incandescent edge flashes across your face, the reflections in your eyes form a radiant golden flame...

???: As you dance gracefully around the forbidding fortress of ice, your steps weave an enchanting rhythm...

???: And as the wooden walls of cities come crashing down, or as you face down armies of iron giants, you nimbly catch every fleeting figure, even those that the fastest Kamera lens or pen could not hope to capture...

Unknown Role (None): No idea what you're saying!

Unknown Role (None): But it sounds like a compliment, so keep going!

???: Such fervor and courage, what an admirable, indomitable spirit! No mistake, we are kindred spirits bound by destiny!

Lafeinte: I am Lafeinte, the Blade Dancer. Might I be so bold as to inquire by which esteemed names you are known?

Unknown Role (None): Geez, he sure loves drama...

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon is Paimon, and this is Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon is well aware just how awesome we are! But Mr. Lafeinte, Paimon has no idea what you were trying to say!

Unknown Role (None): Why call yourself the Blade Dancer? Paimon doesn't see a sword, and you don't look much like a dancer either...

Lafeinte: Such an outrageous question! Surely Her Excellency Paimon is merely seeking to test my mental fortitude!

Lafeinte: Rather than relying on the limited capabilities of a steel sword, the blade should be concealed in one's heart. When the time comes, your inner determination can be infused into any object, freeing your tactics from mundane shackles and restrictions.

Lafeinte: Never care too much for the clothes one wears! The moment one steps onto the battlefield, victory can only be obtained and control maintained through one's graceful stances and elegant skills...

Unknown Role (None): He seems to be saying...

Unknown Role (None): Clothes don't matter?

Unknown Role (None): And anything can be a weapon?

Lafeinte: Precisely so! But do not forget that "determination" and "elegance" are the key words that will set the tone for the entire dance.

Lafeinte: Hold...! I see it now! You two have reached a level of being that far transcends me, and you have completely embodied these two critical concepts.

Lafeinte: Now please, enter through this gateway, and set foot about the storied stage of the "Dance of Flashing Thought"! Exhibit the exalted stage of dance you have achieved!

Lafeinte: Thanks to Miss Idyia, during the "Dance of Flashing Thought," various opponents will appear as Phantoms, trying to smash you into pieces.

Lafeinte: The moment the "determination" within your heart is finally fully expressed, you will be able to unsheathe that greatest of blades from the depths of your heart, and use your honed will to defeat even the strongest of foes.

Unknown Role (None): I think I get it!

Unknown Role (None): It's a hearty combat trial!

Lafeinte: Just so! This has been a harmonious interaction between kindred souls indeed!

Lafeinte: I shall meditate in contemplative silence here! May you experience true bliss during this unique battle dance!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, why does it seem like you two eventually... agreed on something?

Unknown Role (None): And Paimon just realized that Mr. Lafeinte seemed to be talking about how much we kick butt, right?

Unknown Role (None): Is he just running a combat domain and wants to see us fight?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks that at least he doesn't have any bad intentions... Mr. Lafeinte just has a unique way of thinking, comparing fighting to dancing.

Unknown Role (None): He can make even the simplest thing sound really deep! That's a skill too... With that ability, he probably bluffs anyone he meets!

Unknown Role (None): I'm good at bluffing, too.

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't matter, he showered us with compliments.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! That's just another one of his skills! If you talked with him more, you'd see right through him, like Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): So, uh, let's give him a good show and show off our skills in this... Dance of Flashing Thought, was it?

Unknown Role (None): #Given how much Mr. Lafeinte has already complimented us, Paimon wonders just what he'll say once he's actually seen us fight... Traveler, keep notes when he talks, maybe we can use his words someday!