# Aren't Finches the Cutest?

Unknown Role (None): Passing Travelers, I, Basima, Amurta researcher, beseech thee not to leave too hastily...

Unknown Role (None): Please. Relax thy body, clear thy mind, and listen closely, for I have a matter of utmost importance to share with you—

Unknown Role (None): Finches are the cutest!

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): Finches are definitely cute... But Miss Basima, you're a researcher, right? You should know saying something like that without any qualifications can lead to serious arguments!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thought that scholars spoke a bit more cautiously. Paimon would never say something like "Golden Shrimp Balls are the most delicious food!" if Paimon was a researcher.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon would qualify her statement! Like, "Among the Liyue cuisine Paimon's eaten lately, this is Paimon's favorite."

Unknown Role (None): But I'm willing to say this no matter what!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon is the cutest!

Unknown Role (None): Period!

Unknown Role (None): #Wha— Traveler, that was really unexpected!

Unknown Role (None): Even if it's not a joke, you shouldn't be so loud...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, now that's the spirit!

Unknown Role (None): It is precisely because I am a researcher that I don't want my whole life to be like an academic debate, constantly worrying about the accuracy of every word that comes out of my mouth.

Unknown Role (None): It's not like I'm under constant surveillance! Speaking carelessly won't get me punished, so why live in constant fear?

Unknown Role (None): We should be brave, and shout out the most important feelings in our hearts as loud as we can for the world to hear!

Unknown Role (None): Once you've tried my tabletop game "Bing-Bang Finchball", I'm sure you wouldn't hesitate to shout out "Finches are the cutest!"

Unknown Role (None): Bing-bang... Finchball? You mean those things on the table behind you?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, once you've played, you'll see for yourself just how adorable finches are!

Unknown Role (None): Also, as an official amusement venue of the Veluriyam Mirage, you'll be able to get rewards based on your score!

Unknown Role (None): She's made it sound so dramatic... but it worked! Paimon's getting really curious. Plus, there are rewards for playing!

Unknown Role (None): #What do you think, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Let's give it a go!

Unknown Role (None): Let's see just how cute finches really are!

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, now you're getting it! Enjoy the game!