# Fight for Academic Reputation!

Unknown Role (None): Haha... *sigh*... Hahaha...

Unknown Role (None): #Uh, Traveler, this guy's laughing and crying at the same time... and he looks pretty familiar, doesn't he?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! It's been a while, you two. Do you still remember me?

Unknown Role (None): Err...

Unknown Role (None): It's me, Jami from Amurta! Inventor of the Fayz Potion! You know me!

Unknown Role (None): The one who's always sighing?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you remember that nickname... Yeah, it's me, Jami, the sighing Amurta researcher, shame of my school, and ashamed to this day to speak my name—

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Paimon thinks she remembers you now.

Unknown Role (None): Is your research going well, then?

Unknown Role (None): Haha... Well... *sigh*

Unknown Role (None): Looks like that's a "no."

Unknown Role (None): No, no, thanks to you, my Fayz Potion research achieved rather impressive results.

Unknown Role (None): But I was so worried about disappointing my mentor... I never expected him to praise my work to the skies.

Unknown Role (None): "Ah, Jami, well done! A student I am proud of, indeed!"

Unknown Role (None): Wait. Isn't that a good thing?

Unknown Role (None): It would have been good if we had just stopped there, sure... But what happened afterward was a true nightmare.

Unknown Role (None): And what happened, exactly?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe the data we got was *too* ideal, because my mentor, that smiling old fella with a wrinkly smile, got it into his head to "try it himself."

Unknown Role (None): So, I set the experimental site for him, and brewed up the most effective of Fayz Potions...

Unknown Role (None): And...?

Unknown Role (None): And then... Under the watchful eyes of countless students, he boldly stood right in front of the monsters while drinking the potion and got ambushed for his trouble. They beat him in the blink of an eye...

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, he's fine. He just needs some bed rest.

Unknown Role (None): Pfft, hahaha!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... *cough* Regardless, it was my lack of academic proficiency that embarrassed my mentor.

Unknown Role (None): That ill-tempered fogey then proceeded to blame me all the more for "not considering user needs" and "lacking awareness of practical circumstances." It was a real tongue-lashing, I'll tell you that.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, that's unreasonable! He's to blame too!

Unknown Role (None): Right? Anyway, that's why I'd like you two to—

Unknown Role (None): Teach him a lesson?

Unknown Role (None): Bribe him?

Unknown Role (None): No, no! I've got no such ill intentions! Not right now, anyway!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you've had them "before," have you?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... That's... not super important right now.

Unknown Role (None): What I mean to say is that after reviewing previous experiments, I have come up with a "Long-Lasting Fayz Potion."

Unknown Role (None): Err, and what's that supposed to do?

Unknown Role (None): I recalled my mentor's reaction when he was ambushed, and I suddenly realized that we ordinary people tend to freeze up in the face of danger, at a loss as to what to do...

Unknown Role (None): If you only drink the potion when you're already in danger, it might have no time to work on you.

Unknown Role (None): But this version is different. Once you've drunk it, it will trigger once you encounter danger, which can buy more time for normal folks.

Unknown Role (None): How can you tell if you're "in danger"?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't I say so earlier? Ordinary people will lock up when danger approaches. As long as you act normally after drinking the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion, it will not take effect.

Unknown Role (None): But once they freeze on the spot, the potion will kick in, slowing their "subjective" time.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, so that's how it works. Paimon kinda gets it now. In that case... Are you asking us to help you complete your experiment?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Although the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion was designed for ordinary people, experiments can still be risky, so it would be best to have someone with combat experience do the initial testing.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, let Paimon think. Should we help?

Unknown Role (None): #Ooh, Paimon's suddenly a little hungry. We could use a meal at Lambad's Tavern, don't you think, Traveler? Do we have enough Mora for that?

Unknown Role (None): Hate to break it to you...

Unknown Role (None): We're over budget this month.

Unknown Role (None): *cough* Well, to tell the truth, despite the tongue-lashing, my mentor did grant me a considerable amount of research funding. I would be willing to pay handsomely...

Unknown Role (None): In that case, let us lend you our aid!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much! Please, save me from my shattered academic reputation!