# Controllable Explosion

Unknown Role (None): You're back! Ah, I've waited here for so long!

Unknown Role (None): Come, tell me how the "Remelting Tablets" did in detail.

Unknown Role (None): Hajanad seems excited.

Unknown Role (None): Then we'll start with the shortcomings first! Clench your teeth!

Unknown Role (None): You describe the pros and cons of "Remelting Tablets" to Hajanad in detail.

Unknown Role (None): I see... I understand now.

Unknown Role (None): The current explosion is not accurate enough to control the exact potion mix, so the effects can be unstable.

Unknown Role (None): What I need to do is to make a shield for the explosive, focus the resultant shockwave, and also modify the arrangement of preset tablets...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, it won't take long to make these modifications. The problem is funding...

Unknown Role (None): Fortunately, I still have my emergency funds! It should be enough if I sell the old equipment and eat once a day from now on.

Unknown Role (None): You're going to eat only once a day?

Unknown Role (None): No, no! That's unacceptable! Why didn't you mention that you don't have enough funds?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, rest assured. Your payment is guaranteed. I had it all budgeted out.

Unknown Role (None): I'm used to eating once a day by now. Sometimes I only have three meals in a week, so this shouldn't be a problem.

Unknown Role (None): You don't have to try so hard...

Unknown Role (None): Now Paimon's really curious...

Unknown Role (None): Why do you want to become a famous researcher so bad, Ms. Hajanad?

Unknown Role (None): Are you really that into academic research? Do you want to prove your worth by doing this? Or are you planning to make a lot of Mora with alchemy?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): This is so out of the blue that I'm not sure either... Maybe it's just because I was bullied in the past that I got obsessed.

Unknown Role (None): If I can prove my worth, then I can live a better life.

Unknown Role (None): So you're doing this for that reason...

Unknown Role (None): So that's why you started to do academic research?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Knowledge is everything in this country, and so the only way up is through one's academic abilities.

Unknown Role (None): I don't have much talent or high intellect, so my breakthroughs are limited to unpopular subjects that no one wants to take up.

Unknown Role (None): I've been delving into my research for so long that I forgot how to act around people. Perhaps my temper's suffered for it too...

Unknown Role (None): Most people out there are good folks.

Unknown Role (None): Don't dwell on the past.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You already have an impressive goal now. You should try to enjoy your life!

Unknown Role (None): If you keep a normal heart and make normal conversations with people, there will definitely be those who'd like to help you with your research!

Unknown Role (None): I know, I know. Still, thank you for the advice.

Unknown Role (None): I realized that it's much easier and more interesting to study alchemy compared to studying what to eat or what to say to others.

Unknown Role (None): But since I've met you guys, I've been doing some self-reflection, and I believe that I should really work on my emotions and expressions.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, thanks for helping me test out the "Remelting Tablets." I should go back and write my papers now.

Unknown Role (None): In addition to the promised payment, this, too, is for you.

Unknown Role (None): What is this?

Unknown Role (None): My best alchemy cauldron. It cost me a great deal back then, but I treasured it so much that I never got the chance to use it.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Why are you suddenly giving up your most precious tool?

Unknown Role (None): "Remelting Tablets" are different from traditional potions. They need the equipment I newly designed to produce them, so I won't be using this cauldron anyway.

Unknown Role (None): I did also make a promise to you, after all. Let this be a keepsake of that promise.

Unknown Role (None): You can try using it to make... tea or soup, I guess? Whatever comes out of it should taste better due to its extraordinary extraction functions.

Unknown Role (None): Since you put it that way... It would be rude of us to refuse you.

Unknown Role (None): You can do this, Hajanad!

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Just you wait!

Unknown Role (None): Hajanad leaves.

Unknown Role (None): #Say, Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): We did a good deed this time, right?

Unknown Role (None): Just another day in our adventures.

Unknown Role (None): We should steady our hearts as well.

Unknown Role (None): Right... It's too early for us to come to any conclusions just yet.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe a day will come when we'll have forgotten about this event and boom! Hajanad suddenly becomes a famous researcher and invites us to visit her!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, enough of that! Let's go and make some tea with this alchemy cauldron!