# Where the Future Stars Fall

Unknown Role (None): Oh, this is great! It's a well-dressed stranger instead of someone from the Eremites or Treasure Hoarders. Alright, I must seize this opportunity!

Unknown Role (None): Umm... "Wayfaring friend, please, wait a second before you venture forth!"

Unknown Role (None): Hello?

Unknown Role (None): Can I help you?

Unknown Role (None): "Good day, bracket, address them as sir or ma'am based on their gender, bracket. Terribly sorry to bother you, but please take some time out of your busy schedule to... uh... give ear to my request."

Unknown Role (None): D—Did you just say bracket?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, wait, please don't interrupt me just yet, or I'll forget my lines. My next line should be...

Unknown Role (None): "Bracket, describe the difficulty you've encountered concisely... and politely ask for their help, then thank them in a formal manner, bracket."

Unknown Role (None): And the last line is... "Bracket, example, bracket. I'd be truly grateful for your kindness and generosity. Your good deed shall be remembered forever."

Unknown Role (None): "In the meantime, I'm willing to pay you handsomely for your hard work, so please, I implore you to give my request some serious consideration."

Unknown Role (None): Phew. Now that I didn't miss a single word this time, it shouldn't be a problem at all. Alright, I'll leave the Future Stars to you then.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you have a favor to ask us, but Paimon's really not following...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? How come? According to 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know, that was exactly what you should say when asking strangers for help. There shouldn't be a problem...

Unknown Role (None): I have some questions...

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "they have some questions."

Unknown Role (None): You haven't told us what difficulty you've encountered.

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "you haven't told them what difficulty you've encountered."

Unknown Role (None): The girl takes out a book titled 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know from her pocket and anxiously leafs through it.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* It doesn't say anything about that. But Shalmar told me I can just check the book when there's a problem...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's still confused... But by the looks of things, you need our help, right?

Unknown Role (None): If the book can't help you, you can just tell us what's going on in your own words, y'know?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, alright! I'm Banu and I came here following the map to look for the Future Stars. There are altogether six of them!

Unknown Role (None): Whoever finds all the Future Stars can summon the Great Future Star, which is super duper amazing! And that's exactly my goal here.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Paimon remembers that you did mention something about the Future Stars earlier.

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Well, that's about it for the Future Star's setting.

Unknown Role (None): Setting?

Unknown Role (None): Yup. Compared to the ones I usually read about, this setting is pretty easy to understand. But it's also less fun since it's a little too easy.

Unknown Role (None): Which book is that in?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I think this setting was just made up.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Well, then I thought the setting was too vague considering it never talked about how to find the Future Stars. So to make up for that, I came up with a supplementary setting.

Unknown Role (None): The girl pulls out a strange object from the grass behind her.

Unknown Role (None): Ta-da! This is... "Banu's Wisdom," yes, that's the name! It's a very important item because it can help you locate the Future Stars. Isn't that impressive? Hehe.

Unknown Role (None): I think it's a really cool name too, don't you think? Unfortunately, it's way too tall and heavy for me to move it around. So it became less cool...

Unknown Role (None): This is the favor I'm asking. You should be able to move it, so can you help me find the Future Stars with it? After summoning the Great Future Star, I'll reward you in a big way!

Unknown Role (None): Is that your request?

Unknown Role (None): I'll think about it.

Unknown Role (None): Before I met you, I had also asked others for help. But when they heard about the Future Stars, they just gave me weird looks and didn't want to listen to me anymore.

Unknown Role (None): They even told me to stop fussing around and go back home to my parents. That's so annoying! I'm not some runaway kid up to mischief!

Unknown Role (None): Adults are always like this. Just because I'm a child, they think I'm talking nonsense.

Unknown Role (None): But the Future Stars are real! I'm not imagining things. You'll see that I'm not lying once you take this... uh... "Banu's Wisdom" with you and go look for the Stars!

Unknown Role (None): If you're not willing to help either, *sigh* I'll just have to wait and see if the next person I meet is willing to listen and accept my request...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, I'll see what I can do.

Unknown Role (None): You believe me! Thank you! And please take this "Banu's Wisdom" with you.

Unknown Role (None): Remember, after it runs for a while, "Banu's Wisdom" will need to rest a bit before it can point you to the location of the Future Stars again.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and take this book, 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know! I've marked the location of the Stars on the map in this book. So you may follow that map first.

Unknown Role (None): Come back to me once you find all six Future Stars. Then we can go check the Great Future Star out together! I'll take you there.