# Across the Wilderness

Unknown Role (None): Good day, fellow adventurers! Anyone who's interested in the new event held by the Adventurers' Guild, please gather around!

Unknown Role (None): So long as you participate in the event, you will receive not only rewards offered by the Adventurers' Guild, but also certain extra special gifts!

Unknown Role (None): The Adventurers' Guild is holding an event?

Unknown Role (None): What's the Adventurers' Guild doing...

Unknown Role (None): You are... the Traveler! Oh my, what a pleasant surprise. I wasn't expecting to see you at all!

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, I'm recruiting participants for an event held by the Guild.

Unknown Role (None): This is my first official job in the Guild, and I'm determined to leave a perfect impression!

Unknown Role (None): About the event...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you must've not heard about the event!

Unknown Role (None): Jack has named the event "Across the Wilderness."

Unknown Role (None): In his words, this event is gonna be "simple yet fun, and at the same time can test the capabilities of the participating adventurers."

Unknown Role (None): To be more specific, we are going to set up Wilderness Balloons in various locations.

Unknown Role (None): All that the participating adventurers need to do is to find the Wilderness Balloons according to the prompts and venture forward following the distribution of those balloons.

Unknown Role (None): The more Wilderness Balloons one collects within the time limit, the higher the rating and the greater the rewards will be.

Unknown Role (None): What if I accidentally popped the balloons...

Unknown Role (None): These balloons are no ordinary balloons. They can withstand arrows from afar and will only be popped from close range.

Unknown Role (None): When similar events were held before, the first thing most adventurers did when they saw the balloons was to pop them with their arrows. We repeatedly told them not to, but they never listened...

Unknown Role (None): That's why we've customized these special balloons for this event. Hopefully it works...

Unknown Role (None): That sounds like just a long-distance race to me...

Unknown Role (None): Erm... Well, Jack said that...

Unknown Role (None): "Searching for the balloons is a test of the adventurers' observation skills, while venturing forward in different situations is a test of their fundamentals..."

Unknown Role (None): "And whether they can act according to the prompts is a test of their discipline..."

Unknown Role (None): I just joined the Guild, and I don't know much about these things... But since Jack said so, there must be a reason.

Unknown Role (None): And please excuse me but I've gotta go now. I still need to recruit quite a few participants for the event...

Unknown Role (None): If you are interested, please do come and participate! If you are willing to take part, I'm sure Jack and Master Cyrus will be thrilled!