# Exemplary Adventurer!

Unknown Role (None): I have waited so long for you, my brave friends! Seize this awesome opportunity! Explore the art of adventure with me! Try to surpass yourself!

Unknown Role (None): Art of adventure?

Unknown Role (None): Surpass myself?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't completely understand what you're saying, but it sure sounds impressive! Care to explain?

Unknown Role (None): Of course... Hold on, I know you... It's you!

Unknown Role (None): The hero who fought Stormterror in the skies, the ever-dutiful commission shredder, the finder of hidden chests, the breacher of the unknown mists...

Unknown Role (None): With you leading the charge, everyone will surely be fired up for this great event!

Unknown Role (None): What's with all the titles?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's never heard of them before!

Unknown Role (None): Such titles are usually coined around drinks, campfires, and for children's bedtime stories. They are only passed on by word of mouth, so it's normal for you to not have heard of them.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, your presence encourages many adventurers, giving them the motivation to keep getting stronger!

Unknown Role (None): #So Traveler has become this famous in the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild already? How about Paimon? Does Paimon have any titles?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! I think I heard a friend mention that some call you... "The Great Paimon, light as a bird's feather, and as unfettered as the north wind itself."

Unknown Role (None): "Light as a bird's feather" describes your small and agile body, while "unfettered as the north wind" refers to your appetite, which is on par with a Knight of Boreas!

Unknown Role (None): It sounds like someone's idea of a joke...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like someone made that up on the spot...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't really get it... But since they're calling Paimon "the Great Paimon," it's gotta sound impressive, right? Paimon'll remember it!

Unknown Role (None): #It's decided! No matter what your request is, Paimon, the Great Paimon, and the... Hero-Shredder, Aerial Combat Treasure Chest, and Commission Breacher Traveler will help you out!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon heard you mention adventure and something about surpassing just now... So, is the guild holding some special challenge event?

Unknown Role (None): You're absolutely correct! You have probably heard that the Adventurers' Guild often holds special training for new members. This round happens to coincide with Weinlesefest, the occasion upon which the west wind has brought us some special Anemograna.

Unknown Role (None): These Anemograna can strengthen the abilities of adventurers, and will let everyone experience what it's like to become stronger. It also gives them a goal to work towards.

Unknown Role (None): This is why Guild Master Cyrus has appointed me to scout the areas where these Anemograna have been scattered to find out where fierce monsters and bandits lurk.

Unknown Role (None): Adventurers participating in the trials need to use the special Anemograna to defeat these enemies. They will be able to improve their skills, ascend to greater heights, and have something to look forward to in the future!

Unknown Role (None): What do you think? Exciting, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Paimon was right! Paimon's intuition is really accurate!

Unknown Role (None): Well, we did have lots to eat and drink, so it's best if we got ourselves some exercise.

Unknown Role (None): Right? Right? Let's roll up our sleeves and give it a go! If you participate in this trial, I think a lot of adventurers will come just to see you.

Unknown Role (None): Next, I'll show you the first challenge area.

Unknown Role (None): Go for it! I'll record your heroic actions and tell all the other adventurers about them!