# Antiquity Hunt

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, why does everyone seem so exhausted...

Unknown Role (None): Are you running some sort of event here?

Unknown Role (None): You're the Traveler, aren't you? Haha! I've always wanted to meet you.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Vahumana is running an archaeology-themed game this time!

Unknown Role (None): We have many researchers who study history under our banner, and so archaeological work, especially the sort that is done in person, is often unavoidable.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, wait, don't be nervous. We're not getting everyone to do that in person. This event is just a replica of archaeological "activities."

Unknown Role (None): We have placed a lot of replica relics and buried them all around Sumeru City, and we term those places, at least for now, our Archaeological Zones.

Unknown Role (None): Those who take part in this activity just need to bring our specially-made detectors to those sites and dig up the buried replicas.

Unknown Role (None): It's all thanks to the students of the other Darshans for constructing a batch of containers and corresponding detectors.

Unknown Role (None): What do you think, Traveler? Would you be interested in giving this a go?

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't sound too hard...

Unknown Role (None): We could give it a go...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, great! In that case, here's a detector! I'll mark the Archaeological Zones on your *Archaeological Manual*.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, that should do it. Well then, Traveler, go out there and have yourself some archaeological fun!

Unknown Role (None): Once you've found all the relic replicas, do remember to come back and collect your reward from me.

Unknown Role (None): You just need to follow the detector in order to find the replicas. We've even split the types of replicas into zones according to the elements.

Unknown Role (None): However... These detectors were originally used in elemental surveys, and despite our last-minute modifications, they might still be affected by certain elements.

Unknown Role (None): All in all, you just need to dig up all the replicas, and you'll find that we've got awesome rewards for you!