# Missing title (3571923167)

Collei: #Traveler, Paimon! Over here!

Collei: Welcome to the home base of the "Fieldwise Center"!

Collei: As you can see, the core projects are already up and running, so we can get to work at any time!

Paimon: Huh... This feels like... one of those places light novels talk about. Y'know, the adventuring hubs where rookies gather to take quests and stuff?

Paimon: Oh! And almost like a school festival at the same time, with everyone getting together to learn and then forming teams to hone their skills... Hehe, it's so exciting!

Traveler: Yeah, I'm pumped!

Traveler: What kind of light novels have you been reading, Paimon...

Collei: Well, this place isn't quite as decked out as a school festival, but Master Tighnari said the Akademiya plans to be generous with the resources.

Collei: Anyway, before students and researchers head out on dangerous field missions, they can come here for advice and emergency training...

Collei: We even have professionals on staff that can join their teams to serve as guides or safety personnel.

Amber: Yeah, you can think of it like a "Forward Operating Base" — equal parts theoretical training and field practice!

Amber: We'll familiarize new recruits with potential challenges in the wild and take them through drills so there's no reason to panic during the real thing!

Paimon: Amber? You're here, too?

Traveler: Is the Outrider getting new job responsibilities?

Traveler: You've been calling in reinforcements from far and wide, Collei!

Amber: Haha, surprised? I know I was!

Amber: I'm off duty right now, so I was planning to just drop in on Collei for a bit...

Amber: But, I didn't realize how busy she'd be! I'm not the type of person to sit around and watch. So, I decided to be her assistant!

Collei: Sorry, Amber. I didn't mean to put you to work during your time off...

Amber: Don't worry about it! A little relaxation balanced out with some fulfilling work is a great vacation in my book! Plus, I've learned a whole bunch of stuff, too!

Amber: #And, I got to see Traveler and Paimon again! I mean, it just keeps getting better!

Amber: We should have a giant feast once we're done here. How does that sound?

Paimon: Hehe, a feast with the first friend we met in Sumeru, and the first friend we met on our whole journey...

Paimon: That sounds just about as awesome as a giant plate of Sticky Honey Roast!

Traveler: Well, we should get this show on the road, then.

Traveler: Let's work hard, so we can feast harder.

Amber: Alright! Down to business, then...

Amber: Collei and I are in charge of the scouting speedsters project. The focus is using devices and machines to pass through hazardous areas, survey terrain, and get details on potential threats.

Collei: Plus, Amurta research indicates that, during dangerous situations, having the support of an adorable companion can help set adventurers' minds at ease and prevent excess nerves...

Amber: So, we took inspiration from Cuilein-Anbar and Baron Bunny to create two scouting devices that are both adorable and useful — "Cuilein An-bot" and "Bar-drone Bunny". So far, feedback has been pretty positive!

Collei: Once we've collected enough data, the Akademiya will continue to refine the Scouting Buddies and release even more designs!

Paimon: A bunch of Cuilien-Anbars and Baron Bunnies running around the wilderness... What is that gonna look like?

Traveler: Like a sight for sore eyes, no doubt!

Traveler: It's kind of hard to picture...

Collei: Plus, with you to guide our two little scouts, we'll be able to obtain some great data.

Collei: Once you have a more complete understanding of the Fieldwise Center, you should come test them out.

Collei: Now, come with me. I'll introduce you to the other consultants.

Amber: Oh, yeah! The lady with the greenish-blue hair also has a super adorable device over there!

Amber: But, it does something completely different than our scouting buddies.

Amber: I'm looking forward to seeing it in action!

Paimon: Oh, hey! Another familiar face!

Paimon: C'mon! Let's go say hi!