# Crisis Management Unit, Fully Operational!

Unknown Role (None): Good news, everyone!

Unknown Role (None): The Fieldwise center is getting a lot of praise from important scholars all throughout the Akademiya...

Unknown Role (None): Soon, they'll send a team of specialists to take over the management of this place based on our recommendations!

Unknown Role (None): So, thank you for all the support!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, sounds like your hard work paid off, Collei!

Unknown Role (None): And you're overseeing the transition yourself... Well done.

Unknown Role (None): The young students today could learn a thing or two from you, Collei. Your confidence, your proactiveness, your leadership... It's admirable.

Unknown Role (None): Not like some of the ones I teach, so focused on theses and research, with no practical skills to speak of.

Unknown Role (None): T—To be honest, I don't feel all that confident. Being the go-between for all the different Darshans, coordinating everything... I still can't quite believe I managed it.

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, but Traveler and Paimon played a huge role in that too. I can't thank you both enough...

Unknown Role (None): It was nothing!

Unknown Role (None): A total team effort!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we're used to this kinda work. So, for us, this was more like... a super special camping trip with friends!

Unknown Role (None): Y'know, a few puzzles here, a little exercise there... It was super fun! Pretty much a piece of cake!

Unknown Role (None): Aw, man... Now Paimon's hungry...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, now that we're all done, why don't we go get some food to celebrate?

Unknown Role (None): Hah, Candace and I are two steps ahead of you!

Unknown Role (None): This way, everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Woohoo! A feast!

Unknown Role (None): Mm! Perfect timing!

Unknown Role (None): Aww, it's been a while since we've had such a delicious spread of dishes from Sumeru... Paimon feels like she could eat twice as much... No, three times as much as normal!

Unknown Role (None): We should come around more often then.

Unknown Role (None): I'm still waiting for the day you clean out an entire restaurant.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, is that a challenge?

Unknown Role (None): Careful what you wish for. We have your wallet to think about.

Unknown Role (None): Mmm! It's been a while since I've had food from the desert region...

Unknown Role (None): It's nothing like I remember...

Unknown Role (None): Now, this is the real deal. Everything I've tried before pales in comparison.

Unknown Role (None): That means a lot, Madam Faruzan.

Unknown Role (None): If all the researchers who came to our village were so polite, we would have an occasion to offer feasts like this more often.

Unknown Role (None): By the way... You planning on doing any sight-seeing, Miss Amber? You came all this way, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, for sure!

Unknown Role (None): I hear that there's a forest full of gigantic trees northwest of Port Ormos, with trunks bigger than the entire width of the Good Hunter restaurant...

Unknown Role (None): I'd love to see it for myself.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, and I bet I could climb up and then glide down from the tree tops! That sounds so fun!

Unknown Role (None): In that case, I'll give you some snacks to take with you... like a dense cake or some dumplings.

Unknown Role (None): The wind's strong up there, so you don't want anything too crumbly. Oh, and you'll need a thicker water skin, so it doesn't break if it drops...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, dumplings sound great... so soft and chewy. Great thinking, Collei!

Unknown Role (None): As for the desert, I'd love to check out some of the ruins, like that giant one shaped like an hourglass!

Unknown Role (None): I'll just observe from a distance, though. Your ruins could be protected sites, so... better to not barge in.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, there could be someone sleeping in there, haha.

Unknown Role (None): I'm glad to hear that, Miss Amber. It's for the best...

Unknown Role (None): Hm, your body won't be used to the desert environment, though, so traveling could be tough.

Unknown Role (None): You'll need to bring moisturizing ointment, and essential oils for the skin...

Unknown Role (None): So, we're even thinking about skin care...

Unknown Role (None): This is a whole new level of thoughtfulness...

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, though, helping set up the Fieldwise Center was the real highlight of this trip.

Unknown Role (None): And thanks to you, Collei, I got to make some new friends, too! So, I couldn't be happier!

Unknown Role (None): Feel free to drop in on me in Mondstadt any time! I'll show you the best our city has to offer!

Unknown Role (None): Don't mind if I do!

Unknown Role (None): I had some Dandelion Wine while I was in Fontaine, and man... that was the stuff. So sweet and fragrant... Not a single bitter note in there at all!

Unknown Role (None): And that was the imported stuff! I bet the taste is even better when it's fresh!

Unknown Role (None): I'm looking forward to downing a couple of barrels already!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... It couldn't hurt to take a break from wine, either. Those children gave you some Henna Berry thorn powder, remember? You could make some tea...

Unknown Role (None): Aha... Ahaha... C—Come on, Candace, it's just a taste. The barrels aren't even that big... We're talking, like, three to five cups per, tops.

Unknown Role (None): And, don't worry, I'd make sure to bring back souvenirs for everyone!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I've heard the Knights of Favonius Library has quite the collection.

Unknown Role (None): I wonder if there are tomes that approach engineering from a different angle — could be worth perusing...

Unknown Role (None): I'm not sure about the exact number, but the library's pretty huge, alright.

Unknown Role (None): What kind of books are you interested in, Madam Faruzan? I can write them down and have Lisa get them ready for you.

Unknown Role (None): Either way, just leave your Mondstadt travel plans to me!

Unknown Role (None): Lisa... Lisa Minci? Cyrus's prized student, who he never stops bragging about...? So, that's where she's hiding!

Unknown Role (None): Ahhh, this is kinda nice, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Friends of ours meeting other friends of ours, then becoming friends in their own right...

Unknown Role (None): The world doesn't stand still, after all.

Unknown Role (None): It's nice to have friends all over, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! Maybe we should start introducing our friends to each other! Paimon can think of a few who might get along...

Unknown Role (None): Not a bad idea, right? Just imagine all the fun we could have, hehe!