# The Illusion's Finishings


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Sis, she isn't talking...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Whatever. Not that there's anything more to talk about, anyway. Let's just take the stuff and go!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): C—C'mon, little one, no need to make that face.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Why did we take this job again? Whatever...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Kaykubad! What are you doing just watching over there? Just toss her the boss's Mora — then let's take the paintings and go!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, do we have to, though? He doesn't know what we're doing this far out. Why don't we just take the Mora and...

Unknown Role (None): How do they put it again? Favors are more important to deals than Mora...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what are you guys doing?

Unknown Role (None): Wha... Where did you pop out from?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you're bothering this young lady.

Unknown Role (None): Her? Bothered? We're just here to buy some artwork, you know...

Unknown Role (None): Buying? How much were you gonna pay for one?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... 500,000 Mora? 550,000? 600,000?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you don't have any hard figures at all!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's not our fault — this Melusine won't talk!

Unknown Role (None): Well, if she doesn't wanna talk to you, then she doesn't wanna sell! You're just here to take her stuff, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Take!? This is a fair exchange, a fair and square exchange! We're not gonna short-change her... And what's this to you, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense! Paimon heard that guy over there talking about taking the Mora—

Unknown Role (None): Tch! Told you to watch your mouth, you...!

Unknown Role (None): Does it really matter? Haven't we always solved things this way up till now?

Unknown Role (None): Can't you ever shut up? We don't have the time to involve unrelated people! Besides—

Unknown Role (None): What are you looking at?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing! Buzz off, you're butting into legitimate business here!

Unknown Role (None): If not, I'm afraid we might have to resort to less... savory methods to settle this.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): (The sound of rummaging comes from beyond the door...)

Unknown Role (None): Uh, that was louder than Paimon thought it would be.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... My paints... But they should be here...

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Actually, we've said a lot so far, but what should we call you, again?

Unknown Role (None): Mamere. My name is Mamere. I was painting here, but...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, so Melusines can paint too?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... I do. Every day, in fact. Because painting the things that I want to brings me happiness.

Unknown Role (None): Well, aren't you a painter, then?

Unknown Role (None): I see. I'm not sure I understand what you mean, but I guess so.

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): #Anyway, let's help gather up the painting tools first, Traveler. Considering how short her hands are, Paimon's can't even imagine how she'd hold a brush...

Unknown Role (None): But your hands are shorter than mine...

Unknown Role (None): ...Thank you. It would take a long time for me to clean them up.

Unknown Role (None): You help Mamere pick up the scattered painting tools...

Unknown Role (None): Well, looks like we're more or less done! Good job, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): It was mostly me doing the work...

Unknown Role (None): You barely did anything, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): H—Hey, it's called a division of labor!

Unknown Role (None): Good job me, more like!

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, what were those people actually trying to do?

Unknown Role (None): Them? Hmm... They wanted to exchange Mora for the paintings in my hands.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so they wanted to— wait, then they were here to buy your art after all, weren't they?

Unknown Role (None): Uh oh, wh—what do we do? Sounds like we had good intentions, but we ended up interrupting a business transaction you were having...

Unknown Role (None): Business? I... don't think you could call it that. Don't both sides have to exchange things the other needs for it to be called "business"?

Unknown Role (None): I don't need Mora... so that wasn't business.

Unknown Role (None): You don't need Mora? Wait, you're not some sorta renowned painter, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Renown? Does that mean that people know about you?

Unknown Role (None): I guess I count then? Previously, a stranger claiming to be an art collector or something asked to exchange a large sum of Mora for my artwork...

Unknown Role (None): A self-proclaimed collector came to you!? And they cited a high price, to boot... No wonder you said you didn't need Mora. If Paimon could sell her paintings for that much...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Can you draw too, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Err, not really. But maybe, with some hard work, starting today...

Unknown Role (None): Reckon it's too late for you.

Unknown Role (None): Not with that attitude you won't.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knows, but ooh, this makes her so envious...

Unknown Role (None): That said, who's that collector you were talking about, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): A rather cool person. And... quite gentle, too.

Unknown Role (None): If he hadn't suddenly mentioned Mora, I would have just given him the painting as a gift... Why do these tall people always love talking about that stuff...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, you can't put a price on art.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I wouldn't say that, exactly, but it's Mora that I would say has no specific relation to art...

Unknown Role (None): I don't think this is a matter of height...

Unknown Role (None): Of course. After all, Mora is— Well, actually, Paimon doesn't think you can evaluate art solely based on Mora either...

Unknown Role (None): Um, Mamere, could Paimon have a look at your paintings? Paimon's curious...

Unknown Role (None): About the value of the art, I presume.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Paimon's not always thinking about that stuff! This is appreciation! Appreciation of art! Nothing else, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Sure, but...

Unknown Role (None): If you're so interested, Paimon, why don't I just draw a portrait for the two of you?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Would you really?

Unknown Role (None): You helped me chase those troublesome people away, and you helped me gather up my painting tools. I've actually been wondering how to thank you all this time.

Unknown Role (None): It's just... Would a painting be too odd of a thank-you gift to give?

Unknown Role (None): No, of course not!

Unknown Role (None): Right, Mamere. Could we give you some directions regarding the painting, by the way?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Sure.

Unknown Role (None): But before that, I'll need to re-pack my painting tools. Those people knocked my paint buckets over, so there's no way I can work here. I'll need to make a trip home first.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, could you wait for me in the village? I'll clean up over here and head down soon.

Unknown Role (None): The village?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Ah, right. It's our home — we call it "Merusea Village."

Unknown Role (None): You just need to swim down from over here and then keep going forward...

Unknown Role (None): Okay then. Let's go!

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Ah, they're gone...

Unknown Role (None): Are you alright? Are you hurt in any way?

Unknown Role (None): I'm fine... But are you really people from that, uh, Maison Lumitoile place? You seem so strong...

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, we were just trying to fool them! Traveler made that one up on the fly...

Unknown Role (None): #But that did the trick, didn't it? Traveler does cut an upright and imposing figure — and Paimon's pretty cool and official-looking, right?

Unknown Role (None): An upstanding person — yes, that's me.

Unknown Role (None): Standing straighter than your trusty Dull Blade!

Unknown Role (None): ...Paimon, cool?

Unknown Role (None): And she'd be twice as cool if she wore the uniform!

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): They ran off, huh... Why do these people always need to take a beating before they'll cool off, huh?

Unknown Role (None): But never mind that. Are you okay?

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm fine. Thank you. I'm... not very good at dealing with such people.

Unknown Role (None): You're... very impressive.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Well, we are well-honed professional adventurers, after all! People like that can't hold a candle to us, that's for sure!

Unknown Role (None): #No... I don't mean his skills. Anyway, he was the only one fighting. You were just watching...

Unknown Role (None): #Well, Paimon's a guide! We're just splitting the work, y'know. Right, Traveler?

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect to meet anyone else here. Are you here to gather inspiration, too?

Unknown Role (None): This is a rather deserted place, but it is very beautiful. A painting that draws its inspiration from this place will surely be beloved.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Mamere!?

Unknown Role (None): Are you surprised, Paimon? And happy, that we have met again after all this while?

Unknown Role (None): Well, it hasn't exactly been a "long while" since we last met... Actually, how did you get back sooner than us?

Unknown Role (None): We didn't see you at all, either!

Unknown Role (None): I came back immediately after packing, and I wound up waiting for you here.

Unknown Role (None): Well, alright then. Also, is this Merusea Village? All the houses are kinda small — pretty interesting...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe we've got a Melusine Chef, a Melusine Adventurer, or a Melusine Architect who specializes in building Melusine houses in this village! Hey, Mamere, what does your house look like?

Unknown Role (None): My house is pretty and quiet. It's a good place to paint. Come on, it's this way.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Eh? What's this small bottle for?

Unknown Role (None): Only one way to find out.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. This looks like... paint? There's only a little left, but still...

Unknown Role (None): #...Traveler? ... Traveler? Are you okay?

Unknown Role (None): I'm just a little dizzy...

Unknown Role (None): Huh. A flying white fish...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What? A white fish? Are you sure you're okay?

Unknown Role (None): Why don't we sit down and take a break here first? You might be tired from all that swimming...

Unknown Role (None): I'm fine now.

Unknown Role (None): That's good... But don't push yourself, alright? If you feel sick later, just say so!

Unknown Role (None): #Um... Traveler, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Mamere. Are your painting tools ready?

Unknown Role (None): Um, uh... Again, welcome to my humble abode. Please don't mind the mess and... all comments are welcome...

Unknown Role (None): But, um... I think... I'm out of paints...

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): I mean the stuff that should've been in that bottle... a warm and beautiful color...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, sorry, but please wait here a moment. I'll go to gather some paints — I'll be right back...

Unknown Role (None): No need to apologize! A priceless masterpiece like the one you'll make should also need priceless paints, after all!

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): I do recall us helping Albedo gather Starsilver back then...

Unknown Role (None): That's true... But the ore that we picked up then didn't really get put to any use, did they?

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Yes! I want to draw the most beautiful things.

Unknown Role (None): #Common paints are fine, but they won't be able to portray the warmth that Traveler emanates or Paimon's shininess.

Unknown Role (None): Give me a second. I'm gonna gather the paints I need.

Unknown Role (None): We can help.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's right. Your hands are so short — it might be tough for you to hold the paint bucket by yourself...

Unknown Role (None): M—My hands aren't short! Ugh...

Unknown Role (None): Also, there's no need to worry. I've always gone out to get paints on my own, so I'm used to it...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so you don't have friends accompanying you most of the time?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Uh... What Paimon means is... Um, sorry...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why are you apologizing?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I get it, Paimon! You feel bad for me because Seymour can't move and I might be lonely while collecting paint, right? You're so nice... Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): But anyway, we should go together. It'll be more convenient that way... right?

Unknown Role (None): Yup, let's go together.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... If you're both willing, then let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Thank you... That makes me so happy!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Well, Paimon really does want to see your work, y'know!

## Talk 11

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400527 could not be retrieved

## Talk 12

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400528 could not be retrieved

## Talk 13

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400523 could not be retrieved

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): #Look, Traveler, Paimon. Those are the ores that we need. Now, what we need to do next is...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! Say no more! We're expert miners! We'll show you how the pros do it!

Unknown Role (None): U—Um, please wait. Digging directly isn't going to work...

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): (Battle) Looks like there's no reasoning with you.

Unknown Role (None): Hah! You're the one who's disrupting a legitimate business transaction here!

Unknown Role (None): Whatever, this is getting annoying. You two, with me! Let's get this kid!

Unknown Role (None): What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): So that's how we're doing this, huh...

Unknown Role (None): But as long as we grind this ore into powder, we can make paints, right, Mamere?

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Where's Mamere? She was here a moment ago...

Unknown Role (None): She probably went up ahead.

Unknown Role (None): Seriously. Someone that small shouldn't go running around like that... Never mind. Let's head up ahead too!

Unknown Role (None): #Eh? Traveler? Are you okay? You're zoning out again...

Unknown Role (None): Nothing. I'm just a bit dizzy.

Unknown Role (None): Just like before...? Uh... Have you just not had enough to eat or something?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, thanks, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, but I don't think this is a question of how much I have or haven't eaten...

Unknown Role (None): Don't push yourself too hard, alright? ...Let's keep going, shall we?

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): (Battle) I don't mind.

Unknown Role (None): Straightforward, huh? Well, that saves us time as well!

Unknown Role (None): See, what did I tell you...

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we've already gathered loads of stuff. This should do it, right?

Unknown Role (None): Wow! So much ore! I can make lots and lots of paints with these. Thank you so much!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, no need! But they're all red ore... Will you have enough colors to use?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry about it. Now, time for the last step!

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon knows! You're gonna grind the ores and make them into paints! Is that right?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Hmm. Well, if you put it like that... Counting the need to grind the paints, there should be two more steps instead...

Unknown Role (None): These ores contain a lot of impurities. If we were to make them into paint like this, the colors won't be even — they'll look dirty.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Paimon didn't know that there were so many considerations at play... Guess that's what makes you a master of the arts!

Unknown Role (None): So, what do we do, Master Mamere?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. At this time, we need to find purer ores, grind them down, and then mix the powders together.

Unknown Role (None): This way, the amount of impurities will decrease, and the paints we get from them will be more beautiful.

Unknown Role (None): But shouldn't we have just used the purer ores to make the paints from the beginning?

Unknown Role (None): There aren't that many high-purity ores around, silly! You might as well be saying that "If there's no Tidalga to eat, let's have Poissonchant Pie instead!"

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, that metaphor sure gives you a distinct taste of Melusine food culture... That said, there aren't any other mineral veins nearby, are there?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... We'll need to go further inside this place to find the purer ore we need.

Unknown Role (None): Do you want to take a break? I can take care of the rest. I won't be long anyway!

Unknown Role (None): We'll go with you... Wait. Look over there! Is that...

Unknown Role (None): A red... whirlpool? Wormhole? What is that?

Unknown Role (None): It's a shortcut. Haven't you seen one before? There should've been many of them along the way...

Unknown Role (None): A shortcut? It looks pretty ominous for one... Is this what they call "a shortcut that's the longest way around"?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I always take paths like these. They're safe. And warm.

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh, if you say so then! We've come this far, so we might as well go all the way in helping you find high-purity ores!

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): That's enough. This is Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): E—Exactly! You know what happens to those who break the law here in Fontaine, don't you?

Unknown Role (None): Don't take that tone with me! "What happens to those who break the law," my foot! Who do you think you are, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): I'll say this one more time — stay out of this. This is between us and the kid!

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Huh? This box contains...

Unknown Role (None): It's rude to go through other people's stuff, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Paimon just happened to see it, alright?

Unknown Role (None): But still... it seems like there's some machine components inside, though they're a bit...

Unknown Role (None): Might these be tools used to maintain Seymour? Guess it might be best not to mess with them, then...

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Y'know, Paimon thinks we've seen this type of easel before.

Unknown Role (None): Seems to be a design from outside the village...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. Speaking of that, how do the Melusines of Merusea Village trade with merchants from outside? Paimon doesn't think normal merchants would be any good at diving...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Actually, this could be a great business opportunity for us, don't you think? If we took over all foreign trade for Merusea Village, we'd be rich!

Unknown Role (None): Aye, we'd be rich!

Unknown Role (None): Right? Hehe, that was a pretty good call from Paimon, huh? Let's explore the possibility later!

Unknown Role (None): I suspect that wouldn't work...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why wouldn't it work?

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Do you need to collect the paints yourself?

## Talk 23

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400532 could not be retrieved

## Talk 24

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400522 could not be retrieved

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Alain's little invention... Might as well have been yesterday since I last saw it.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? ... Boss?

Unknown Role (None): We searched her place, but we couldn't find the paints you wanted...

Unknown Role (None): You couldn't?

Unknown Role (None): Y—Yes. We did find some bottles that once contained paints, though. They gave off a very pungent smell that made us feel all queasy...

Unknown Role (None): I see, so the paints have been used up. Well, that's an unfortunate coincidence.

Unknown Role (None): Well then, Ms. Irus, please take your people and clean this place up — as things stand, this would make for too shocking a sight, I think.

Unknown Role (None): As for the "paints"... I'll figure something out later.

Unknown Role (None): Understood...

Unknown Role (None): Um... Sorry, sir. We couldn't complete your commission. Before you could personally come to that little squirt's aid, those two strangers came and stole the moment...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. I'm not bothered by this.

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's not so much about that... But don't you think that this would count as a case of force majeure, as such? So, um, about the remuneration we discussed previously...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry. You will be paid as per usual.

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? Thank you, sir! Ah, if only all our employers were as good-hearted as you!

Unknown Role (None): Whatever the case, I shan't take up any more of your time — just clean these shambolic doodles up.

Unknown Role (None): Shambolic... doodles...?

Unknown Role (None): Ah.

Unknown Role (None): Aaand what are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, purple guy! Are you in cahoots with those thieves who wanted to steal Mamere's paintings? ... Oh, Paimon knows what you're up to, alright!

Unknown Role (None): You hired these people to steal Mamere's artwork to create an opportunity for you to rescue her, win her trust, and then achieve some unspeakable aims...

Unknown Role (None): Well, not that Paimon thinks getting paints counts as anything unspeakable, but...

Unknown Role (None): #Eavesdropping is a bad habit, good sir, good lady.

Unknown Role (None): And you're one to talk! Coming here on the sly and ransacking someone's house when they're not in — you've got some cheek to call others out!

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7400529 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): Y'know, Paimon's got a question. Why's Seymour the only clockwork mechanism that can talk?

Unknown Role (None): It might be some experimental prototype...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. But if that's the case, why did it get left here?

Unknown Role (None): You'd think that a new invention from the Fontaine Research Institute would...

Unknown Role (None): Waaait a minute... Did the explosive accident at the Institute back then send Seymour flying all the way here?

Unknown Role (None): Could it really have been sent flying that far...?

Unknown Role (None): Wouldn't Seymour just have shattered on impact?

Unknown Role (None): You're right... Well, what's the deal with it, then?

Unknown Role (None): That's true. What's the deal with you, Seymour?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #No response... Guess it's just as Mamere said. It only speaks to her.

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, wh—what is this...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Outdated junk, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): Alain's "own little invention." You've been slumbering for years, haven't you?

Unknown Role (None): Still wanna go at it?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, just stop plotting all this bad stuff! Why are you so obsessed with these paints, anyway? Are they really worth you resorting to such despicable actions...?

Unknown Role (None): Please. I've already told you why "we" are doing this.

Unknown Role (None): As for you, Ms. Mamere, if we should meet again... I look forward to your future drawings.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): You...

Unknown Role (None): #Well then, I'll take my leave, good sir and ladies. Ah yes, and you, thinking machine. Let's go, Ms. Irus. We have other things to do.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stop right there, Purple Guy!

Unknown Role (None): P—Please wait, you two! There's... There's something wrong with Seymour.

Unknown Role (None): *garbled mechanical noises*

Unknown Role (None): My apologies, Ma...

Unknown Role (None): S—Seymour!?

Unknown Role (None): He might be out of energy...

Unknown Role (None): Out of energy... So you mean...

Unknown Role (None): (Did he take damage during the battle?)

Unknown Role (None): O—Oh no... This can't be...

Unknown Role (None): Um, Mamere... Are you alright?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Seymour... Mr. Jakob... He always intended to trick me by saying all those things like "I love your paintings," "I can understand your paintings"...

Unknown Role (None): And even worse... He damaged you this badly... I won't forgive him... I won't! *sobs*

Unknown Role (None): Mamere, let's go look for an engineer in the Court of Fontaine. They should be able to fix or even improve upon him, and we can also help you find more paints along the way!

Unknown Role (None): But let's pack things up a bit first. Oh, Paimon hopes your paintings weren't damaged during the fight.

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you... Traveler — and you too, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): It's just... What's the point of all my old work? If Seymour can't be cured... If Seymour can't appraise these works like he used to...

Unknown Role (None): Artworks that no one understands... Those aren't really artworks, are they? They're just what that person called them — "shambolic doodles."

Unknown Role (None): Don't say that! Even that Purple Guy said that there was something magical and "inscrutably disordered" about your work. Paimon loves your stuff too!

Unknown Role (None): Also, Paimon's wanted to ask about this since before. What do you mean by everyone in the village "not understanding art"?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly that. No one understands the paintings.

Unknown Role (None): Bah! They only don't get it because they don't have your artistic background, so they can't get the... uh... hidden meanings! Well, everything's about context anyway, right? That means you'll need societal knowledge and an understanding of history...

Unknown Role (None): Uhm... What Paimon wants to say is... Can we see the paintings?

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): You pick a painting up from the ground...

Unknown Role (None): Huh, this is...

Unknown Role (None): (Paimon doesn't really understand its contents either, but it looks really awesome... and this might sound unsuitable, but it looks like it might be super valuable right off the bat...)

Unknown Role (None): It's... so beautiful! For example... Uh, these details here, they've really got that... immersive feeling. D—Don't you think so too? The other Melusines probably don't understand it because...

Unknown Role (None): You don't have to force yourself to say something nice, Paimon. I can see right through you.

Unknown Role (None): Still, I know you're doing this out of the goodness of your heart, so, thank you.

Unknown Role (None): Um, sorry... Paimon couldn't tell what you'd painted, but... it really is very beautiful.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, let's help pack this stuff up...

Unknown Role (None): I can understand it.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You mean the content of the painting?

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it was. I see.

Unknown Role (None): You don't need to comfort me with white lies. I'll pull myself together, don't worry.

Unknown Role (None): This painting depicts...

Unknown Role (None): ...Two bears clapping their hands together.

Unknown Role (None): ...A drowned throne.

Unknown Role (None): ...A burning snowfield.

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): Huh! Now that you mention it...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you... really got it?

Unknown Role (None): And, um, what did you think of this painting?

Unknown Role (None): It's very beautiful.

Unknown Role (None): Really? You don't have to lie, you know...

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, Mamere, have more confidence! Paimon didn't get your painting, but she certainly thought it was very pretty!

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Yes! Thank you! There are so many things I want to express through my paintings. So many beautiful things I want them to see. It makes me so happy to hear you say that.

Unknown Role (None): It's worth savoring.

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Yes! You really do get it! There are so many things I want to express via my paintings, and I want to make the audience feel something new each time...

Unknown Role (None): So Paimon was right, then! They are priceless masterpieces!

Unknown Role (None): Still, this really is the first time someone has understood my paintings. The other villagers think they're very beautiful, but that's all they can tell me...

Unknown Role (None): Then, slowly, I began to understand. Even though they don't get my paintings, they were still trying to be nice to me by saying they look "beautiful." It's really kind of them, but I don't think that's good.

Unknown Role (None): So I was really happy when Mr. Jakob... Jakob said that he understood what I was trying to convey through my paintings. I thought, "Finally! Someone can see what I want to show."

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, that Purple Guy! He's just awful!

Unknown Role (None): Right. But none of that matters now.

Unknown Role (None): Father told me of many beautiful sights. I feel that the world is a lovely place, and it makes me happy. However, I'm not a good speaker, so I want to make others happy through my paintings.

Unknown Role (None): But most Melusines only know how to encourage me by saying that my paintings are beautiful. I like them too, but I still want to have someone around who gets my paintings.

Unknown Role (None): That's why Seymour is such an important friend to me. Unlike the others, he pays attention to my paintings and critiques them. That's also why I was so happy when I met Jakob.

Unknown Role (None): After I first heard what Jakob had said, I thought to myself, "In the future, I should only show my paintings to Seymour. Others don't understand my work, so they only try not to hurt my feelings."

Unknown Role (None): #But, since you and Traveler can understand them, that means they're not entirely beyond comprehension! It means that there are people who can really see the beautiful things that I wanted to show!

Unknown Role (None): So, like Seymour, you're now my best friends, too!

Unknown Role (None): Well, uh, Paimon *is* happy about that, but it does feel weird to be compared to a robot dog...

Unknown Role (None): Regardless, let's continue cleaning up, shall we? Ugh, seriously, those bad guys really made a mess of this place, huh...

Unknown Role (None): You help Mamere pick the scattered paintings up...

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... Paimon feels nauseous. This shortcut really was something. Was that... part of Melusine culture too?

Unknown Role (None): On closer inspection, it seems like we did pass this place by when we came down. To think that there was such a large stone over there...

Unknown Role (None): That's right, and this place feels warm and safe, doesn't it? Father told me about it, and it contains high-purity ores. I'll take care of the ones here, so just wait for me.

Unknown Role (None): Uh, these don't look all that different from the ordinary sort...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? But their colors are totally different...

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? Aren't they all red anyway?

Unknown Role (None): Well, yes, but there are pretty obvious differences between different shades of red, right?

Unknown Role (None): Huh. I couldn't tell...

Unknown Role (None): I—It's fine. The differences are actually really small. It's normal that you're not able to tell the difference...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, didn't you say they were obvious?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, it's got such a rich texture — that's certainly different!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? You're really sensitive to colors... Would you like to paint someday? We can paint together. We'll put your paintings and mine together around the house!

Unknown Role (None): ...You couldn't tell the difference at all, could you?

Unknown Role (None): Still, you probably know a lot more about painting than we do, Mamere, and about ores and paints, too.

Unknown Role (None): Either way, Paimon didn't know that painting was such tough work! Mining, gathering different ores to make paints... Paimon used to think that it was just about putting paint on canvas...

Unknown Role (None): #Eh? Are you feeling all right, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): I hear something.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What did you hear? Are you okay?

Unknown Role (None): (What was that sound...?)

Unknown Role (None): #Hey, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Don't you worry about me.

Unknown Role (None): And that's exactly how you get Paimon worried...

Unknown Role (None): Could this have something to do with the red ores? Some ores do contain toxins that can affect people's minds...

Unknown Role (None): But Mamere's been working with these ores all this time, so they should be fine. By the way, what are they, exactly? Paimon wonders if they'd fetch a good price...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe if we collect some extra and sell it to merchants outside, we might be able to...

Unknown Role (None): Ores that are even higher in purity...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Paimon gets it! You mean to say that "the high-purity ores needed for Mamere's paintings as paints are the truly invaluable treasures instead," right? In that case, let's help gather those ores! Hehe, Paimon's looking forward to this!

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, sorry for the wait!

Unknown Role (None): Eh? That's...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, we weren't just watching, y'know! We've also collected loads of "pure ore." Awesome, right?

Unknown Role (None): Alright! Thank you!

Unknown Role (None): Nice! Beautiful paints, here we come! Let's head back, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): You seem rather pleased, Mamere.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Is it that obvious...?

Unknown Role (None): Your tail's practically wagging...

Unknown Role (None): No it isn't!

Unknown Role (None): But you're right, I am very happy.

Unknown Role (None): We can make lots of paint now.

Unknown Role (None): Well, yes, that is part of it.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? What about the other reasons, then?

Unknown Role (None): Well, let's just head back first!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Paimon's talking to you, y'know!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #Ugh... Whatever. We'll need to get back to get that painting anyway, so let's just do that, Traveler!

## Talk 99

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. It seems that I must now reveal my true identity...

Unknown Role (None): Identity? What identity?

Unknown Role (None): I'm an enforcer of the law.

Unknown Role (None): ...?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, yeah, that's right! You've got a good eye, huh?

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait, Sis, what do we do...

Unknown Role (None): #Wh—What are you worried about? If he's a law enforcer, I'm the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya! You're just gonna believe everything people say, are you?

Unknown Role (None): And just look at them! Do they look like folks from the, uh, Mai... Mais...

Unknown Role (None): ...The Maison Gardiennage.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, that's the one. Seriously, what's with the ridiculous name? They're just law enforcement, so they might as well call themselves that!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, you think we've never seen people from the Maison before? You aren't even in uniform — daring impostors, aren't you?

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Well. Um, this place is my house. Ahem! And, uh... Welcome to my humble abode. Please don't mind the mess and... all comments are welcome, and...

Unknown Role (None): No need to be so formal! So, this place is a quiet spot suited for painting because it's a good distance from the village, huh...

Unknown Role (None): I'm back, Seymour.

Unknown Role (None): *garbled mechanical noises* Welcome back, milady. You are as gentle, lovely, and radiant as ever.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Did that robot dog just talk!?

Unknown Role (None): #Yes! Paimon, Traveler, this is Seymour — he's family!

Unknown Role (None): #Seymour, these two are Traveler and Paimon. They're nice people who stopped others from giving me Mora.

Unknown Role (None): Don't phrase it like that! You make it sound like we did something bad...

Unknown Role (None): Actually, never mind that. Why can Seymour speak?

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean? Of course he can — there'd be something wrong with him if that wasn't the case!

Unknown Role (None): Uh huh. What she said, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Yup. What I said, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #No, no! Stop simply agreeing with people, Traveler! No robot dog can talk, no matter where they're from!

Unknown Role (None): Talking robot dogs aren't generally the norm...

Unknown Role (None): Is that so? But Seymour can.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Since you're from abroad, I guess you know what you're talking about. That said, Seymour can talk, and he's also my best friend. He even critiques my paintings.

Unknown Role (None): I see. Your judgment is very sharp, milady.

Unknown Role (None): (It just talked again! Paimon's sure that Mamere isn't doing ventriloquism or anything... But does their exchange really make sense? It feels... mismatched.)

Unknown Role (None): Did someone give it to you as a gift?

Unknown Role (None): Did you fish this out of the water?

Unknown Role (None): Can you really find a "best friend" just like that?

Unknown Role (None): That's not it. We met when I was looking for paints nearby once — that's when I discovered poor Seymour lying in a pile of junk, all alone.

Unknown Role (None): So I talked to him, and we became friends. Later, I brought him back with me so he'd have a home.

Unknown Role (None): Still, does this thing have any other functions other than talking?

Unknown Role (None): Seymour, paw.

Unknown Role (None): Seymour, turn.

Unknown Role (None): #...

Unknown Role (None): #Huh. He seems to only respond to you, Mamere...

Unknown Role (None): #Pretty rude, huh, this Seymour?

Unknown Role (None): #...

Unknown Role (None): #Well, he's probably just shy! No need to take it personally!

Unknown Role (None): #Sorry about that. For some reason, Seymour only talks to me.

Unknown Role (None): #He falls silent when faced with other people, just like this...

Unknown Role (None): True — y'know, he might be one of those clockwork meka! Do you just talk to him all the time, Mamere?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... No one in the village really understands art, so there's never much to talk about. I mean, they care about me — but holding a conversation can be tough.

Unknown Role (None): They definitely don't show as much interest in my paintings as you do, Paimon! Other than Mr. Jakob, only Seymour ever talks to me about art.

Unknown Role (None): Well, Paimon does wanna see how cool and pretty she'd look in your work. Also, is this "Mr. Jakob" a friend of yours too?

Unknown Role (None): Yup, that's the art collector from before who wanted to exchange my paintings for Mora. He was cool and gentle, and he told me all kinds of things about art. He even said that he could understand those paintings...

Unknown Role (None): (And despite all that, she didn't sell a single one to him in the end, huh...)

Unknown Role (None): (Hmm... The harder something is to come by, the more incredible it tends to be. Wait. Might Mamere's paintings be priceless treasures!?)

Unknown Role (None): Let's put that aside for now, though. It's time to paint!

Unknown Role (None): Oooh! Is this the moment Paimon's been waiting for? Is a priceless masterpiece about to be created?

Unknown Role (None): I don't think I can do that, exactly... But I will do my best to make a worthy gift for you two all the same!

Unknown Role (None): I'll prepare my tools. Please wait for me, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Let's go look around nearby, shall we?

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. Sorry, I made you clean up after me again. Y'know, just like when we met for the first time?

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. We're friends, after all!

Unknown Role (None): Yup!

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you're in a good mood again. That's great!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. I feel so happy when I'm with you guys, just like how I feel when I'm on a roll with my paintings.

Unknown Role (None): Still, looking at how you're packing things up, Paimon can't help but think that you Melusines really have short hands...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Your hands are even shorter, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): No way! Short-Hands Mamere!

Unknown Role (None): Yes they are! Baby-Hands Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright! Paimon takes it back. But, really, don't those hands make painting inconvenient? Your canvas does sit on a high stand...

Unknown Role (None): It's alright, since my hands aren't short at all! But... speaking of painting, I really am sorry that I won't be able to paint for you at the moment.

Unknown Role (None): I just... can't leave Seymour like this. I must fix him first — he is my best friend, after all.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, Paimon. But I'll paint for you once Seymour's all fixed up.

Unknown Role (None): Right! Let's go to the Court of Fontaine together and seek out a reliable engineer to help us!

Unknown Role (None): An engineer...? No, that's not it... I want to fix Seymour myself.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait. You know how to fix clockwork meka, too?

Unknown Role (None): Strange that you would even ask, Paimon. Of course not.

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm?

Unknown Role (None): Eh?

Unknown Role (None): But, how are you gonna fix him, then?

Unknown Role (None): Father said that he's seen a lot of machines, both intact and dismantled, so he can teach me how to fix Seymour.

Unknown Role (None): Father?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You've mentioned this "Father" a few times previously. What's he like? A master Melusine engineer with a long mustache? A Melusine with a wrench?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? U—Uh, did Paimon say something bad? Why'd you stop talking...

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Yes. I see...

Unknown Role (None): (Here we go again...)

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait a moment. Who are you talking to?

Unknown Role (None): Are... the ones I have at home not enough? Then...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Mamere—! Hello?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Yes. I'll try. Thanks!

Unknown Role (None): #So... Traveler, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Wait, you're talking to us again!

Unknown Role (None): Father has told me how to cure Seymour. We just need to collect enough components, and...

Unknown Role (None): Come on, don't worry! I'll paint for you once Seymour is all fixed up.

Unknown Role (None): No! We're not worried about the painting! Ugh... Who were you talking to just now?

Unknown Role (None): Father, of course.

Unknown Role (None): And who's that?

Unknown Role (None): Um... Uh, Father is Father? Wait... Can the two of you not hear Father's voice?

Unknown Role (None): The voice, you say... Oh, yeah, of course we did!

Unknown Role (None): (Uh... Has Seymour's breakdown hit her too hard or something? Anyway, let's just go along with this for now! We can comfort her later...)

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Ahem. We heard it, too! But we don't know anything about clockwork meka, so... What should we do, exactly?

Unknown Role (None): Right, so, we'll need some "components."

Unknown Role (None): Sure, but what kind?

Unknown Role (None): ...This is what I'm talking about. Pretty, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): This is... a scrap mechanical part?

Unknown Role (None): Are they really scrap, though? They're so shiny and pretty, and they're everywhere here. Everyone in the village really likes them, and so they all have some...

Unknown Role (None): When we help each other out, we give the other components as tokens of gratitude. And Xana likes them more than most, so she often exchanges a lot of nice things for them. Oh, but she doesn't seem to be in the village...

Unknown Role (None): So they're currency specific to Merusea Village?

Unknown Role (None): Currency? Oh. I get it. Like Mora! Well, I guess you can say that. Hmm... Even if Jakob were to give me a lot of components in exchange for my paintings, I wouldn't accept... unless it would help me fix Seymour...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, sure. We just need to collect components, right? We'll help!

Unknown Role (None): No way! They're like Mora, you know. Getting parts for me would be like me asking you to, um... earn Mora for me? That sounds like something a villain would do!

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. I'm used to it.

Unknown Role (None): But we can fix Seymour up faster this way.

Unknown Role (None): ...O—Okay. Thank you. You're nice people.

Unknown Role (None): I'll also go hunt them down myself. I really can't ask you to find them for me while I just sit around doing nothing!

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Who are you?

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): I believe we've met before, yes?

Unknown Role (None): #Commendable memory you have, sir. Yes, we did have the honor of meeting near a cliff before you made a mess of my plans.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that, at the time, I didn't think that you would make the same choice as me and help Ms. Mamere.

Unknown Role (None): Don't lump what we did in with your little one-man-show!

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Me? You can call me Jakob. I am a... traveling collector of art.

Unknown Role (None): Good to see you again as well, Ms. Mamere.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Jakob...

Unknown Role (None): So... Were all the things you told me lies?

Unknown Role (None): That "you've never seen paintings like these before," that "you'd like to collect them"... That you could... understand them...

Unknown Role (None): You did all that... for things that have nothing to do with the paintings themselves, right?

Unknown Role (None): You misunderstand, Ms. Mamere.

Unknown Role (None): I have never intended to deceive you. Even now, I have nothing but admiration for your work.

Unknown Role (None): But you called them... "shambolic doodles"...

Unknown Role (None): And I apologize for my imprecise use of words. I was truly mesmerized by their unpredictable, chaotic nature, and I can appreciate the beauty in them, so incomprehensible to the rest of the world.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? R—Really?

Unknown Role (None): Of course I mean it. Your skills are most "enchanting," and your use of colors and persistence in making your own paints truly make me...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Don't be taken in by him so easily!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Wait, so this is a trick too...?

Unknown Role (None): What do you want the paints for?

Unknown Role (None): #...What an interesting question. A fine question indeed, Sir.

Unknown Role (None): Let me ask you this instead: what else do you think these paints can be used for?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Paimon doesn't know what you wanna do with them, but you can't be up to anything good!

Unknown Role (None): You tried to buy her paintings for a high price, and you also hired people to trouble her and ransack her house... You didn't have to go this far for your own drawings, did you?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, why indeed? Consider that a question for further exploration after this discussion. For now, let me venture a guess: You have just collected the raw materials for the paints, am I correct?

Unknown Role (None): #In that case, sir, allow me to ask you a question — could you give those materials to me?

Unknown Role (None): I have no quarrel with you. As such, we need not be enemies.

Unknown Role (None): In return, I can give you any amount of Mora — as long as it is within reason, of course.

Unknown Role (None): Why are you asking me?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! These paints aren't ours! You should be asking Mamere, shouldn't you?

Unknown Role (None): Are you really hoping for an answer? Or are you simply probing about my attitude?

Unknown Role (None): Regardless, I will answer honestly — you and I both know that Ms. Mamere will{RUBY#[S]cannot} not stop me from obtaining her paints, but that the same cannot be said for you.

Unknown Role (None): I... I never said anything like that! I'm not listening to you, you liar!

Unknown Role (None): Hush now. Say no more, Ms. Mamere.

Unknown Role (None): #You will give me the correct answer, won't you, sir?

Unknown Role (None): Of course we will — and that's a big fat "no"! Mamere put in so much effort to create something so beautiful, and yet you're treating her like... like this!

Unknown Role (None): This is the answer the three of you have agreed on? Well then. Understood.

Unknown Role (None): First, allow me to thank you for helping me collect these paints.

Unknown Role (None): And well, though it disappoints me to say this, that will be all.

Unknown Role (None): "That will be all"? First you ransack someone's house, and then you say all that stuff — and now you wanna run off?

Unknown Role (None): You misunderstand. I said "that will be all," not "goodbye."

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Irus, I'd like to change the original terms of our commission.

Unknown Role (None): ...Eh?

Unknown Role (None): Get rid of these people. As for your pay... Will seven times the original amount do?

Unknown Role (None): #Heh! You don't think you can take Traveler out with just these few people, do you?

Unknown Role (None): Y—Y'know, boss, she's right. We won't be able to take that person out by ourselves...

Unknown Role (None): You're mercenaries, aren't you? You should know more about combat than I do.

Unknown Role (None): Since you have the numbers, why are you fixated on your strongest foe? Is there not someone there who cannot fight?

Unknown Role (None): ...Eh?

Unknown Role (None): You mean you want us to...

Unknown Role (None): What do you think you're doing?

Unknown Role (None): Taking sensible, necessary action toward achieving a future far beyond our imaginations.

Unknown Role (None): Tsk, seven-fold pay... There's no arguing, then. Sorry, buddy!

Unknown Role (None): Eek!?

Unknown Role (None): Please do not mind my appearance, milady. My prime directive is to... *garbled mechanical noises* protect you.

Unknown Role (None): What...

Unknown Role (None): Sey... mour?

Unknown Role (None): Affirmative. I am here, milady. You are as gentle, lovely, and radiant as ever.

Unknown Role (None): Please step back.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. I'll have you know that this *is* the uniform of the Maison Lumitoile!

Unknown Role (None): Maison... Lumitoile...?

Unknown Role (None): (Hang on a second, what in the world is that!? Who even calls themselves that?)

Unknown Role (None): Pfft. To think that outlanders these days no longer recognize the uniform of the Maison Lumitoile...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What? But what kind of ridiculous name is that? Is this some out-of-season joke?

Unknown Role (None): Irus, I'd be careful... If nothing else, this person's confidence is not faked.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, think about it — do you really think someone who was trying to trick us would use such an obviously nonsensical name?

Unknown Role (None): You say that, but even so, I doubt anyone would name their department that...

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Why would anyone— Uh, how dare you call our name nonsensical? Paimon's not gonna take this lying down!

Unknown Role (None): #Officer Traveler, inform these ignorant outlanders of our organization's glorious history!

Unknown Role (None): There was once a hero who defended Fontaine from the darkness...

Unknown Role (None): (Who chose to protect everyone regardless of the means used... Hang on a minute, does Paimon know this person too?)

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, that mighty, invincible hero was like a Lumitoile illuminating the night, showing others the way forward!

Unknown Role (None): And that is why we call ourselves the Maison Lumitoile in his honor!

Unknown Role (None): In those days, terrible monsters plagued Fontaine's seas...

Unknown Role (None): (Wait, like the chi?)

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, our founder did battle against those monsters and, like a Lumitoile, lit the seas up once more!

Unknown Role (None): And that is why we call ourselves the Maison Lumitoile in his honor!

Unknown Role (None): So, hmph! How dare you call our name weird!?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, um, sorry...

Unknown Role (None): Hey! What are you apologizing for?

Unknown Role (None): #Well, boss, if you look a little closer, his cape and her clothes not only match, but are actually very unique...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Aren't... they just the same color? Do you think some clothes and some words are enough for people to pose as officials?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Of course not!

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Take this new-model Gardemek, for instance.

Unknown Role (None): (Hey! What in the world's a Gardemek, huh?)

Unknown Role (None): This is the product of our latest research.

Unknown Role (None): This is a prototype that only we are equipped with.

Unknown Role (None): (Wait a minute! This story is getting crazier by the second!)

Unknown Role (None): I see. I get it now...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What do you mean you "get it"?

Unknown Role (None): I've heard it said in the taverns that someone saw meka that are more like humans... This could be the equipment this Maison Lumitoile member is using.

Unknown Role (None): (Eh? S—So there were such rumors?)

Unknown Role (None): *cough* That is correct. Paimon's prime directives are to serve the public, protect the citizenry, and uphold the law...

Unknown Role (None): According to... the Pumpkin Protocol, those who take advantage of others must not be let off lightly...

Unknown Role (None): P-Type Gardemek. Load and charge your kinetic cannon.

Unknown Role (None): Beep... beep.. boop... Charging complete. Target locked. Um... Jellenergy Cannon activating...

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait! What in the world is that? What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): Leave now, and I will revoke my order.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay, we got it, we got it! We'll just leave, alright? No need to do anything crazy!

Unknown Role (None): Bah! Just our luck — this wasn't in the task briefing, that's for sure!

Unknown Role (None): The Eremites leave in a hurry...

Unknown Role (None): Pay the fine first.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! Uh, no... Whirr... Whirr... Reloading language modules...

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, if you pay the fine and leave this place, we won't look any further into this case!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Or else...

Unknown Role (None): Recharging... Recharging... Activating Lethal Mode...

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Okay! We just need to pay up, right?

Unknown Role (None): U—Uh, We didn't bring any Mora with us, though. We'll need to go back to our camp and get some first...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you two, did you hear that? We're heading back to camp to get that Mora!

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait, are you seriously...

Unknown Role (None): Don't ask questions, you idiot! Let's just go first!

Unknown Role (None): Heh, these people from Fontaine sure are gullible! Guess we won't have to pay the fine...

Unknown Role (None): The Eremites leave in a hurry...

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Don't you know the face of Fontaine's General Mahamatra?

Unknown Role (None): Ack! The General Mahamatra!? It's game over for us! Game over!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, you bone-headed numbskull! Why would the General Mahamatra be here, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Um, uh, this is a new post based on Sumeru's system...

Unknown Role (None): (N—No, that's not gonna fly, is it? Why did you have to mention the Mahamatra!?)

Unknown Role (None): Enough! Enough nonsense! If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!

Unknown Role (None): What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): We're plainclothes officers...

Unknown Role (None): Plainclothes, you say? What do we look like to you, gullible kids?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'd call this less "not being gullible" and more "knowing what to look out for from experience" — weren't you the one who fell afoul of not one, or two, but several plainclothes police, to the point where you nearly got sent to court?

Unknown Role (None): Sh—Shut up, you—!

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, if you really were plainclothes police, you'd know better than us that you need evidence before you can enforce the law, right?

Unknown Role (None): Well, um...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, that's it, cut the crap!

Unknown Role (None): If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!

Unknown Role (None): What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): We're enforcers of the Corps of Thirty.

Unknown Role (None): Eek! It's the Corps of Thirty!? Why are they here?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you idiot, calm yourself! Why *would* they be here, huh?

Unknown Role (None): We're the, uh, the Fontaine branch of the Corps!

Unknown Role (None): Seriously? Who do you think the Corps of Thirty are, anyway? Mints that grow in both Sumeru and Fontaine?

Unknown Role (None): Uh, they could always be Sweet Flowers instead...

Unknown Role (None): Or Specters...

Unknown Role (None): Or the Adventurers' Guild, or Katheryne...

Unknown Role (None): Enough! Enough nonsense! If you're intent on stopping us, then we'll just have to show you what for! You two, with me!

Unknown Role (None): What did I say? I knew things would come to this in the end...

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, could you wait for me in the village? I'll need to pack my painting tools before heading down there...

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Sis, she isn't talking...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Whatever. Not that there's anything more to talk about, anyway. Let's just take the stuff and go!

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): C—C'mon, little one, no need to make that face.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Why did we take this job again? Whatever...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Kaykubad! What are you doing just watching over there? Just toss her the boss's Mora — then let's take the paintings and go!

Unknown Role (None): Eh, do we have to, though? He doesn't know what we're doing this far out. Why don't we just take the Mora and...

Unknown Role (None): How do they put it again? Favors are more important to deals than Mora...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, what are you guys doing?

Unknown Role (None): Wha... Where did you pop out from?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you're bothering this young lady.

Unknown Role (None): Her? Bothered? We're just here to buy some artwork, you know...

Unknown Role (None): Buying? How much were you gonna pay for one?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... 500,000 Mora? 550,000? 600,000?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you don't have any hard figures at all!

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's not our fault — this Melusine won't talk!

Unknown Role (None): Well, if she doesn't wanna talk to you, then she doesn't wanna sell! You're just here to take her stuff, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Take!? This is a fair exchange, a fair and square exchange! We're not gonna short-change her... And what's this to you, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): Nonsense! Paimon heard that guy over there talking about taking the Mora—

Unknown Role (None): Tch! Told you to watch your mouth, you...!

Unknown Role (None): Does it really matter? Haven't we always solved things this way up till now?

Unknown Role (None): Can't you ever shut up? We don't have the time to involve unrelated people! Besides—

Unknown Role (None): What are you looking at?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing! Buzz off, you're butting into legitimate business here!

Unknown Role (None): If not, I'm afraid we might have to resort to less... savory methods to settle this.