# Game of the Rich


## Talk 1

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402501 could not be retrieved

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): The dormitory block mail room.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

## Talk 3

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402503 could not be retrieved

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): I knew that wouldn't be the end of the problem. People like you just keep appearing, don't you? What's that idiot Clynes doing anyway — isn't he supposed to come up with solutions?

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment, we're...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, if you've got questions about processes or documents, I don't want to hear them. Can't fix 'em, anyway. Go look for Monglane instead. She's the one in charge of that.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): The Rag and Bone Shop.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Your name.

Unknown Role (None): Yours first.

Unknown Role (None): I'm a receptionist here at the Fortress of Meropide. Everyone calls me Monglane. Alright, your turn.

Unknown Role (None): #Uh, Paimon's Paimon, and he's Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): #Just call me Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): And you can call Paimon Paimon... *cough* Gah, lowering our voices didn't make us sound more serious at all. In fact, we sound super weird!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon, huh... Never heard of you two. Are you really from around these parts?

Unknown Role (None): Well, we're here, aren't we?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I can see that.

Unknown Role (None): My great name is unknown to you, huh...

Unknown Role (None): Well, I do know the main culprits involved in major cases... Are you accessories to one of those crimes?

Unknown Role (None): Accessories? What? Th—That's not right! We're good people!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I see, noted.

Unknown Role (None): It sure doesn't sound like you're "noting" anything...

Unknown Role (None): Two names missing... It seems like someone's been slacking off. I'll have to record this. Those who didn't fill the forms in properly will face the relevant consequences...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, this isn't your fault. No need to worry.

Unknown Role (None): As long as you follow the rules and behave well, you might even have the chance to leave early. You just need to fill the application form and wait patiently for it to be approved.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment, that's not what I'm talking about...

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of that... Did we just complete some sorta procedures? This is going way too fast — Paimon's got no idea what's happening...

Unknown Role (None): Fine.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, what? This isn't "fine"! Wait, do you already know what's going on? Paimon doesn't get it at all...

Unknown Role (None): There's gotta be some kinda misunderstanding...

Unknown Role (None): If you want your case reviewed, please fill the application form in according to this format. That said, the time for that has passed for now, so you'll have to wait for the next application window to open.

Unknown Role (None): If you have any other questions... Ask Darcy. He should be nearby. I'm sure he'll be glad to have a newbie to talk to.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): How about it? Wanna go look for Estienne together with me?

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Newcomers? And two of you, to boot? Welcome! Welcome to the Fortress of Meropide! I'm Darcy. Outside, they call me "Pretty Face," but that's just not cool, if you know what I mean!

Unknown Role (None): That's what you were thinking too, right? That's why I decided to give myself a new, super cool nickname! I'm called Dirty Face now! What do you think? Pretty sick, right?

Unknown Role (None): No comment.

Unknown Role (None): Honorary Knight sounds cooler.

Unknown Role (None): It is a generally recognized title, after all. Just thinking about it fills Paimon with courage.

Unknown Role (None): More importantly, we have some questions...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, of course! It's perfectly normal for newcomers to not know what's going on. Dirty Face Darcy, at your service!

Unknown Role (None): Go ahead, ask me anything!

Unknown Role (None): What is this place?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you came here and you don't even know what this place is? Oh, based on how you're dressed, I don't suppose you're Fontainians. Alright, looks like you really could use an introduction.

Unknown Role (None): For-tress-of-Me-ro-pi-de. Got it? This is the Fortress of Meropide. Anyone can get into a regular routine and live a carefree life here. Pretty sweet, right?

Unknown Role (None): Why are you here?

Unknown Role (None): What, you want to hear the tale of "Pretty Face Darcy"? Why don't we go sit in the Coupon Cafeteria for a bit then? It's a long story, after all, so I'll need some time to tell it.

Unknown Role (None): I'll treat you to some Fonta... Wait, that's not right. I'll be the one telling the story, so it's you who should be treating me to a Fonta. Although, newcomers won't have any Coupons... In that case, you'll owe me two Fontas.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why would we owe you a drink for telling your own story, let alone two? We don't want to hear it, then.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Are you sure? *sigh* That's too bad. Pretty Face might be a lame nickname, but all kinds of stuff happened back when people called me that...

Unknown Role (None): But it's fine. If you regret it later and decide you do want to hear my story, I'll move it up in my schedule. You know where to find me, right? Right here!

Unknown Role (None): Why am I here?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That's what you want to ask me? Wait, I get it, you want me to guess, right? You don't look like evil villains, so you definitely didn't do anything serious...

Unknown Role (None): Did you steal or damage some precious cultural relics? No, that can't be it. Did you collaborate with some bad actors and disturb the peace? Hmm, maybe not, actually. Something more minor... Ooh, you didn't pull a dine-and-dash, did you?

Unknown Role (None): It was Paimon, she ate it all.

Unknown Role (None): #*gasp* How could you say that! You clearly ate a lot of it too, Traveler... But no, we didn't dine and dash!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has no idea what happened to land us here...

Unknown Role (None): You tell Darcy all about what happened before...

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Well, in that case, all you can do is apply to have your case re-examined. But, as Ms. Monglane said, the window for that has passed. You'll just have to wait until the next opportunity comes up.

Unknown Role (None): Also, you'll want to make sure you fill out the form correctly. If you get anything wrong, your application will be flat-out rejected. You may not have known that, being new here and all...

Unknown Role (None): Don't be fooled by her appearance, she's a real nag about document formatting. There's no room for error with her, not even for the guards.

Unknown Role (None): What can I do here?

Unknown Role (None): Live, work, play — whatever you feel like. Trying to get some sun might be tricky though, haha. That said, it wouldn't be completely impossible, either.

Unknown Role (None): If you're interested in getting some sun, I could bring you to see a few people... Oh, I mean real sun, of course, not the searchlights...

Unknown Role (None): Um... Unless you're actually the type that prefers the searchlights? I'm not one to yuck anyone's yum, but try not to get burned.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't understand any of what you're saying right now... But does getting real sun mean getting out of this place? If that's the case, count us in!

Unknown Role (None): Missing the sunshine outside already? Alright, I'll take you to see Estienne in a bit. Hmm, I think we can still make it in time? Well, let's go ask him first.

Unknown Role (None): Heard any interesting rumors?

Unknown Role (None): I heard Alvard's got his hands on some rare stuff. If you're interested, you could go to his Rag and Bone Shop and ask. Maybe he'll let you take a look.

Unknown Role (None): Also, that new guard, what's his name... Noailles. I heard he doesn't like Fonta! What a stick in the mud... Not only that, he also wants to shut down the Pankration Ring. Tch.

Unknown Role (None): That's all I wanted to ask.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. If you have any more questions, just come find me. Dirty Face Darcy is at your service!

Unknown Role (None): For now, why don't I take you to see Estienne? He's a guard, but he's cool, if you catch my drift!

Unknown Role (None): One time in the Pankration Ring, he slipped me a bottle of Pure Water before I got in the ring! I still lost in the end, though...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, he's one of the good ones. Whenever there's trouble, he'll take care of it. So? Wanna go see him now?

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): #Hello, sir, and hello to your cute companion! Dirty Face Darcy, at your service!

Unknown Role (None): Dirty Face?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, just call me Dirty Face Darcy. They used to call me Pretty Face on the outside... but that nickname is just so lame!

Unknown Role (None): Please, just call me Dirty Face instead... Oh, that's just a cool nickname, I wash my face every day. You don't have to stand all the way over there...

Unknown Role (None): Any news?

Unknown Role (None): Where's the action at?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, where'd you learn to talk like that? Don't tell Paimon... Don't tell Paimon you've picked up some bad habits... No way! Paimon won't allow it!

Unknown Role (None): Too bad it's not time for Pankration yet... Let me think.

Unknown Role (None): How about this, why don't I take you to have some fun? A few folks have locked horns over the chance to go outside. I had no idea those Fontaine Research Institute guys could dish it out like that...

Unknown Role (None): I'm guessing they'll be here any minute now... What do you think? Think of it as an opening act before the real Pankration match starts. Wanna check it out?

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Well? Want to go find Estienne with me now?

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Hi, Estienne. I've brought two new friends with me.

Unknown Role (None): Your new friends may have come at a bad time. See that? They're gonna be at it for a while.

Unknown Role (None): ...That's an unscientific way of keeping score. Besides, the participants were unsupervised. Is that any way to produce convincing results? I'm calling for a reassessment.

Unknown Role (None): This is a competition, of course we should have a refined system and fair rules. Participants who don't follow the rules should be disqualified.

Unknown Role (None): You talk a good game. I'd expect nothing less from someone who's been through the wringer.

Unknown Role (None): If you're referring to the fraudulent thesis case, I've already made my point several times now. The case is still under investigation. It's useless to try and attack my character with something like that.

Unknown Role (None): If you say so. After all, you're the only one who knows the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's Genevieve and Rave again. I'll talk to you about my thing later then, I'm gonna bounce for now... I'll leave my two new friends to you!

Unknown Role (None): Darcy makes a dash for it...

Unknown Role (None): He left us, just like that? Some guide, Paimon gives him zero stars! Zero!

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Guard, as the organizer, it's not exactly proper for you to stay out of this discussion of the rules, is it?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, this is just a game to pass the time. How was I supposed to know you'd all get so riled up over it... let alone take it this seriously.

Unknown Role (None): Right, why don't we introduce the rules of the game to the new players?

Unknown Role (None): A game? I'm definitely gonna win.

Unknown Role (None): Heh, there's no game the two of us can't win! Wait a sec, we still don't know what the game even is yet...

Unknown Role (None): I haven't agreed to play yet.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, we don't even know what this game is. If it's an eating competition, Paimon will absolutely play! But if it's some sort of game involving a lot of hard work and very little reward... then you can forget about it!

Unknown Role (None): Don't try and change the subject! We're already halfway through the game, and they don't even know the fundamental rules. They can't just join in now.

Unknown Role (None): So, what are you guys playing?

Unknown Role (None): Coupon Millionaire.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon has never heard of such a game...

Unknown Role (None): Of course not, this is just what the heartless guards play to make fun of us. Everyone loses, and I'm sure you know who wins.

Unknown Role (None): That's not true. You work to earn Coupons during the game, and the one that has the most Coupons will get an even better reward from me.

Unknown Role (None): So everyone wins, but one person wins more than the rest.

Unknown Role (None): A reward better than Coupons? What could it be?

Unknown Role (None): In Darcy's words, a chance to be under the sun. Some of our periodic checks need to be performed outside, and I get to decide who gets these jobs.

Unknown Role (None): It wouldn't be very interesting if I just picked based on my preference.

Unknown Role (None): So I created Coupon Millionaire, and those who want to go outside are free to sign up. Whoever gets the most Coupons wins the game.

Unknown Role (None): If you feel that your strength alone will be insufficient, you can find others to group up with. As for how you earn Coupons... I don't care about that.

Unknown Role (None): As far as games go, the rules are really vague.

Unknown Role (None): It's part of the strategy. Does the Fontaine Research Institute not have similar "games"?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): How about you, Darcy's new friends?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, everyone, but I'm going to win.

Unknown Role (None): It's not very attractive...

Unknown Role (None): It's not impossible to come back from behind, but only those who have the means will be able to do it. As for them... Estienne, maybe you should arrange a special competition for children.

Unknown Role (None): Children's competition...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't know who you are, but you shouldn't underestimate us. We've seen some... things! It's just a game, and we gonna cruise through it!

Unknown Role (None): No, I will definitely be the biggest winner.

Unknown Role (None): Oh wow, a real child! And a confident one, at all!

Unknown Role (None): That's what Cater said, and he's never lied to me.

Unknown Role (None): What are you all doing here?

Unknown Role (None): You again, Estienne?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't break any rules, did I? In fact, I even increased everyone's work efficiency, and that should be to my credit.

Unknown Role (None): You know what I mean. Know your place, Estienne. You're a guard, and you should use your powers to make them obey you.

Unknown Role (None): I have my way of doing things. And you, Noailles... It's been some time since you arrived here at the Fortress. You should try blending in a little more.

Unknown Role (None): Laziness, apathy... I will restore order here, starting with you. Stop this gathering and go back to what you were doing!

Unknown Role (None): I am not as lenient as Estienne. If I'm going to restore order, then punishments are a must. I don't think you want to know what they are.

Unknown Role (None): ...Are there things that even I don't know?

Unknown Role (None): I jest. You don't need to waste any of your time on this game that we play to kill time. The Fortress is huge, and I'm sure there are other things that require your attention.

Unknown Role (None): I don't need you to remind me.

Unknown Role (None): Noailles leaves.
Genevieve and Rave return to their respective companions.
The girl also slips away without being noticed.

Unknown Role (None): Finally... Being serious can be a virtue, but being overly serious... is something else.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, now that the annoying guy is gone, will you join the game, Darcy's new friends?

Unknown Role (None): What sort of person leaves their friends behind, anyway? We aren't his friends! In fact, Paimon's gonna use his uncool nickname to address him! That "Pretty Face" is a jerk!

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh? Wait a minute, that nickname doesn't sound all that mean...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, alright, then. What should we call you?

Unknown Role (None): #Call me Paimon, and this is Traveler. As for the game...

Unknown Role (None): We'll need more time to think about this.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe next time.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. If you change your mind, please feel free to talk to me.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): There you are!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you again. And your, uh... Are you a bird, little one?

Unknown Role (None): A bird? Paimon doesn't look like a bird...

Unknown Role (None): The way you keep talking...

Unknown Role (None): You mean melodic chirping!

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, Paimon, you don't.

Unknown Role (None): That's so strange. You can fly, but you're not a bird. Are you an evil dragon? Or an evil dragonling?

Unknown Role (None): The way you eat and your thirst for wealth certainly fit the bill...

Unknown Role (None): No they don't!

Unknown Role (None): She's not... Probably?

Unknown Role (None): Why did you hesitate?

Unknown Role (None): #Anyway, he's Traveler, and Paimon's name is Paimon. What's your name?

Unknown Role (None): #I'm... Lanoire. Mr. Traveler and Ms. Paimon, will you please tell me whether the evil sorcerer is still there?

Unknown Role (None): The evil sorcerer?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, with black clothes and a staff that has branches sticking out of it. Cater said that I mustn't get spotted by that sorcerer, or things will get very bad...

Unknown Role (None): Where is this wicked spellslinger? My sword is ready!

Unknown Role (None): Why are you playing along? Paimon thinks she's talking about who we just saw.

Unknown Role (None): Was it the person that we just saw?

Unknown Role (None): Yup, Paimon thinks so too.

Unknown Role (None): Must've been a guard, right? So, who's this bad, bad sorcerer? Estienne, or Noailles?

Unknown Role (None): Estienne is a good sorcerer! He brought me flowers when he returned last time. They had the same color as my skirt!

Unknown Role (None): Then Cater taught me to put them into books to make pressed flowers. That way, my books would smell nice, too. Is this what they call the fragrance of knowledge?

Unknown Role (None): Noailles, then.

Unknown Role (None): Estienne said he was annoying, too.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't like him, either. It seems he doesn't think very highly of us.

Unknown Role (None): No plot twists? Boring.

Unknown Role (None): Just what kind of story are you looking for, anyway?

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, the evil sorcerer's gone now. Still, why's a little kid like you in the Fortress of Meropide?

Unknown Role (None): I've always been here. Why does everyone ask me that? It's so strange.

Unknown Role (None): Don't you two have your own home, too?

Unknown Role (None): Home is where your family is.

Unknown Role (None): That's what Cater said, too, which is why I have a home that I don't know about.

Unknown Role (None): How do you call a place that you don't know home?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, I can't? That's a toughie... But I'm sure Cater knows the answer. He knows lots of things, and a lot of stories!

Unknown Role (None): Might Cater, by any chance, be a kid who looks about the same age as you?

Unknown Role (None): #Nope, he's a lot taller than me, taller than Mr. Traveler, and taller than the evil sorcerer.

Unknown Role (None): But I think he's afraid of the evil sorcerer. He lost his sword, and the evil sorcerer has a powerful staff, so he hides when the evil sorcerer comes out.

Unknown Role (None): (This Cater sounds... mysterious. And maybe Lanoire is just too young? She hasn't been very clear about herself at all. Maybe this Cater knows more?)

Unknown Role (None): (I guess we can go meet him.)

Unknown Role (None): We want to meet Cater. Will you take us to see him?

Unknown Role (None): Sure, but... it's too soon to go back! I want to explore this place while the evil sorcerer isn't here. Will you come with me?

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): The entrance to the Rift of Erosion.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Are you ready to go?

## Talk 15

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402512 could not be retrieved

## Talk 16

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402548 could not be retrieved

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402513 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Ouch!

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry! Are you alright?

Unknown Role (None): What happened?

Unknown Role (None): It's the evil sorcerer's magic! We'll be trapped if we get caught in it!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, the light's broken, and this expert here isn't anywhere near as good as he claimed...

Unknown Role (None): I never said such a thing.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you! It's alright, you're a good sorceress.

Unknown Role (None): But that bright light really hurt my eyes...

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for the delay. About the way I said I got the Coupons earlier...

Unknown Role (None): What did you do to him?

Unknown Role (None): Someone that aggressive doesn't seem like the type to take advice from anyone. Why would he give up so easily...?

Unknown Role (None): Just a few small tricks.

Unknown Role (None): "The culprit is where he should be." This is an undeniable fact.

Unknown Role (None): Making someone as straightforward as him "certain" of an undeniable fact isn't exactly hard.

Unknown Role (None): Like that time with Julien?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Just like that time with Julien.

Unknown Role (None): I've been here for a long time, as you know. After staying in one place for a long time, it's only natural to pick up a few handy tricks to exert some degree of influence over your environment.

Unknown Role (None): Almost too handy, I'd say.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds a little suspicious...

Unknown Role (None): Changing a stubborn person's mind with just a few simple phrases almost sounds like magic... Could there have been times when we were also influenced by magic without even knowing it?

Unknown Role (None): Considering how pure-hearted you are, Paimon, that is a worrying thought.

Unknown Role (None): #You, too, Traveler! Wait a minute... You're not saying Paimon's as gullible as Julien, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Would someone even realize that they're being influenced?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Paimon was already a bit sleepy, but now her head is totally spinning...

Unknown Role (None): It's not as simple as it looks — there are always limits to the application of tricks like these, and the results aren't always what you'd hoped for.

Unknown Role (None): It's like with Julien — He always had a knack for art, but he lacked confidence because of his visual impairment. The "certainty" that he could draw well was inside him to begin with.

Unknown Role (None): But in other cases, the concept of "certainty" is just too abstract, making it difficult to predict the outcome.

Unknown Role (None): So, I did take a chance this time. I just thought that if he held us up here, it would keep delaying the plan to get Lanoire out of the Fortress...

Unknown Role (None): Besides, I doubt you wanted to be questioned by him repeatedly either.

Unknown Role (None): You shouldn't take chances like that.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you've got to take chances to achieve your goals.

Unknown Role (None): You're absolutely right.

Unknown Role (None): Back to the matter at hand... If you've changed your mind and want to back out, I understand completely. Lanoire might be sad for a time though. For her, playmates like you are hard to come by.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... We've already made a promise to her, so we can't just go back on our word now. Right?

Unknown Role (None): A promise is a promise.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Consider this our way of helping her out!

Unknown Role (None): This doesn't mean I trust you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Knowing that our goals are aligned for the time being is enough.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, where is she?

Unknown Role (None): She went on an adventure early this morning — probably to rehearse for what's to come after she leaves this place. It's just as well, I have a few headaches to go take care of soon...

Unknown Role (None): You can usually get a reward for helping others — including the guards — take care of some headaches.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, we totally get that. Sounds just like some of the Adventurers' Guild's commissions.

Unknown Role (None): I see. Would you two join me on this next commission, then?

Unknown Role (None): Sure! Where are we going?

Unknown Role (None): The abandoned production zone in the lower levels.

## Talk 20

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402549 could not be retrieved

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402515 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Phew, guess our adventure's almost at an end. The Coupon Cafeteria's our final stop.

Unknown Role (None): So the ultimate destination of adventuring is a good meal.

Unknown Role (None): Not bad, right? Adventures take a toll on your body, so eating afterward is a must.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! And I've never seen someone as small as Ms. Paimon! You're even smaller than Ms. Sigewinne. You should eat more, so you can grow bigger!

Unknown Role (None): I think Paimon's fine just the way she is.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks so, too!

Unknown Role (None): The thought of Paimon growing up... Ugh, that gives me a headache.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, you're probably thinking about something rude right now, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): By the way, do the two of you have any Coupons?

Unknown Role (None): Um, Paimon doesn't think so...

Unknown Role (None): Well, that means we get no food. Oops.

Unknown Role (None): No, don't worry! Just talk to Bran, and you'll get a yummy free meal!

Unknown Role (None): Bran's the clockwork meka over there. It was broken, but Wolsey repaired it.

Unknown Role (None): You only get a free meal once per day, though, and you won't know what you'll get. The best thing you can get is the Tasses Ragout.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you won't know what you'll get? Why can't you order what you want?

Unknown Role (None): Wolsey says that it's meant to be both a surprise and a risk precisely 'cause it's a free meal. If you don't want any risks, then you've gotta use Coupons.

Unknown Role (None): Will the two of you try the free meal?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon will give it a try! Paimon is always lucky, and this stuff's free! How can free meals be bad?

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): (Caterpillar probably went to get Coupons elsewhere, but he left us some clues...)

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Phew, guess our adventure's almost at an end. The Coupon Cafeteria's our final stop.

Unknown Role (None): So the ultimate destination of adventuring is a good meal.

Unknown Role (None): Not bad, right? Adventures take a toll on your body, so eating afterward is a must.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! And I've never seen someone as small as Ms. Paimon! You're even smaller than Ms. Sigewinne. You should eat more, so you can grow bigger!

Unknown Role (None): I think Paimon's fine just the way she is.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks so, too!

Unknown Role (None): The thought of Paimon growing up... Ugh, that gives me a headache.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, you're probably thinking about something rude right now, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Let's talk to Bran and see if we'll get something good!

Unknown Role (None): Yup! It'd be nice if it was the delicious Tasses Ragout, though.

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Greetings, Bran.

Unknown Role (None): Greetings. What can I do for you?

Unknown Role (None): I'll have a free meal, please.

Unknown Role (None): Understood.

Unknown Role (None): Enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): And Paimon, too!

Unknown Role (None): Enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): Two free meals, please.

Unknown Role (None): Negative. According to the "Fortress of Meropide's Coupon Cafeteria Regulations," only one free meal per day shall be permitted per person.

Unknown Role (None): I'm getting one for Paimon, too.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, don't forget about Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): ...Understood.

Unknown Role (None): Enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): I'll have five hundred free meals.

Unknown Role (None): Negative. According to the "Fortress of Meropide's Coupon Cafeteria Regulations," only one free meal per day shall be permitted per person.

Unknown Role (None): I'm getting some for everyone.

Unknown Role (None): Are you seriously trying to feed everyone here? We just need two!

Unknown Role (None): ...Understood.

Unknown Role (None): Enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): I'll have one, too.

Unknown Role (None): Understood. Enjoy.

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon, let's open our meals together, alright? Three... Two... One!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, mine's Tasses Ragout!

Unknown Role (None): What did you two get?

Unknown Role (None): Is there a pot? I'll cook my own meal.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't want to eat anymore.

Unknown Role (None): It certainly... looks... like food.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, this looks kinda disgusting.

Unknown Role (None): So I got the only good meal? Will there be enough if we split it into three portions?

Unknown Role (None): There's even a fortune inside. What do yours say?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's fortune says, "Luck only brings fleeting pleasure, lifelong happiness requires hard work." ...Grr, now Paimon's mad!

Unknown Role (None): #How about you, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): "Things happen. Don't take it personally!"

Unknown Role (None): Just... wow.

Unknown Role (None): Mine says, "Misfortune is an illness, and caring friends are the cure."

Unknown Role (None): The two of you went on adventures with me, so you're definitely caring friends... But you got the disgusting meals...

Unknown Role (None): The Sorceress said that I must remember to pay it forward. So now it's my turn to cure you!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go to the Rag and Bone Shop.

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402520 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): Hello, Alvard!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Skylark, want a Fonta? We just got a new shipment. How about your friends?

Unknown Role (None): So this is the Rag and Bone Shop.

Unknown Role (None): If you have Coupons, we have everything from home supplies like Hydro Phantasm Taint-B-Gone...

Unknown Role (None): ...To devices that can help you in the Pankration Ring. Our wares are trusted and loved by all and sundry! You name it, Rag and Bone Shop has it!

Unknown Role (None): We'll take some Hydro Phantasm Taint-B-Gone.

Unknown Role (None): We don't really need this, do we?

Unknown Role (None): Devices that help you? What do you mean?

Unknown Role (None): They're for regulars only. Or, if you happen to have friends who are our regulars, I suppose I can show them to you...

Unknown Role (None): The special items must be pre-ordered, though. Or if you're lucky enough, you might find what you want on the for-sale list.

Unknown Role (None): We do have the other stuff stocked at all times. So, back to my question. How about some Fonta?

Unknown Role (None): Hm, I want everything in Uncle Alvard's store.

Unknown Role (None): That's not going to be a problem. Let's see... We're almost through with this shipment, and only food and drinks are left. But they'll cost you a good number of Coupons.

Unknown Role (None): Really!? Are you sure it won't be a problem?

Unknown Role (None): Problem? If you mean Coupons, Cater gave me a ton of them, so I should have enough. The food and drinks here are really great, and you're going to love them, Ms. Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Cater said that Coupons make unfair things fair. Only I got the delicious Tasses Ragout at the Coupon Cafeteria, and that was unfair.

Unknown Role (None): So now I'm going to use my Coupons to buy something delicious for the two of you!

Unknown Role (None): Time to eat, then!

Unknown Role (None): Let's dig in!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, that was supposed to be my line, you two!

Unknown Role (None): Something doesn't feel right.

Unknown Role (None): But Lanoire said there are plenty of delicious food and drinks...

Unknown Role (None): Estienne said that hunger and gross food reduce our work efficiency and put us in a bad mood.

Unknown Role (None): We're going to see Cater soon, and we wanna be in a good mood when we see him. That's why we need to fill our stomachs with delicious food.

Unknown Role (None): We're counting on you, Uncle Alvard.

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Thank you for the business!

Unknown Role (None): If Lanoire says so... We'll dig in!

Unknown Role (None): Yup! Have a good meal, Ms. Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Feasting with Lanoire...
Everything that couldn't be finished ends up in Paimon's pack.

Unknown Role (None): Phew! That was amazing! Paimon's so full, she can barely walk. She's getting sleepy, too...

Unknown Role (None): Why are we here again?

Unknown Role (None): If you can't remember, then maybe it wasn't important.

Unknown Role (None): Why are you here, Lanoire?

Unknown Role (None): That's a strange question! I've always been here.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon remembers now! We're supposed to be looking for Cater.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go! But I don't know if he's there. If not, we can wait. He might be back soon.

## Talk 28

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402544 could not be retrieved

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Cater! I'm back.

Unknown Role (None): Welcome back, Lanoire. Looks like you've made some friends.

Unknown Role (None): #Yes, they're Mr. Traveler and Ms. Paimon. Ms. Paimon is small and she can fly, but she's not a bird.

Unknown Role (None): She's not a Seelie either. Maybe a small Oceanid? No wonder no one has seen anything like her, or knows anything about her!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, Paimon's just Paimon! She's not a Seelie or an Oceanid... Wait, you're "Cater"!?

Unknown Role (None): You look about the same age as Lanoire.

Unknown Role (None): #Nice to meet you, Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon. Please call me Caterpillar.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Please don't be so formal. That feels so strange!

Unknown Role (None): Since you're Lanoire's friends, sure, I can do that!

Unknown Role (None): Wait a minute... We've heard the name "Caterpillar" before, haven't we?

Unknown Role (None): From who?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe from someone in Sumeru.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, that's right! Julien! The painter we met at Samudra Coast. Do you remember him? So you're the "Caterpillar" he mentioned!

Unknown Role (None): You've met Julien? He really went to Sumeru, huh? How is he?

Unknown Role (None): Well...

Unknown Role (None): You tell him about your meeting with Julien in Sumeru...

Unknown Role (None): According to Julien, his ability to "paint everything exactly as he sees it" came from you. Did you really give him that power?

Unknown Role (None): Is that really what he said? I can't decide if he was exaggerating...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so he was lying? But the painting he made for Pepper looked so real, even though the color was a bit off.

Unknown Role (None): That was an ability he already had. What I did was to give him "certainty." The purer the person, the more obvious the effect of such support is.

Unknown Role (None): Pure, huh... Well, he did look kind of gullible.

Unknown Role (None): And as for the Marvelous Bird Egg...

Unknown Role (None): They're good for your health when consumed in moderation.

Unknown Role (None): And the tea leaves that activate the imbiber's potential...

Unknown Role (None): He did spend a lot of Coupons to get them, yes...

Unknown Role (None): I didn't know that he would break his "certainty" like that. I guess you could say that things turned out for the best, though.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, both you and Lanoire are children, right? So, is your guardian here? Why are the two of you in a place like this...

Unknown Role (None): Cater's not a child.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, I am not. As for my present appearance... You can think of it as an illness of sorts.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. So that's how it is...

Unknown Role (None): I've been here for a long time, well, because of what I've done in the past. But it's more complicated for Lanoire...

Unknown Role (None): She was born here.

Unknown Role (None): Here? In the Fortress?

Unknown Role (None): You're a strange one, Ms. Paimon. I've already told you that I've always been here, haven't I?

Unknown Role (None): Agnes, her mother, was plagued by a chronic illness and passed away some time ago.

Unknown Role (None): I don't stick my nose into other people's lives, so I didn't know about their situation. But regardless, Lanoire wound up with no one to care for her.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe it's because I've been here for a long time, and Lanoire has taken to me, but either way, Estienne's asked me to look after her.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it is... But she shouldn't be here, right? It's not like she's done anything wrong...

Unknown Role (None): You're right. I'm just looking after her for now, and she really should be with her family.

Unknown Role (None): And fortunately, she does indeed have family outside the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): So that's what she meant when she said she has a home that she doesn't know about. Will she be able to reunite with them soon?

Unknown Role (None): About that... Things are a little complicated, and I'm afraid it won't happen all that soon.

Unknown Role (None): How come?

Unknown Role (None): Because she doesn't have any proof of identity. Maybe Agnes didn't think of that, either. She was the one who'd have needed to start the process to send Lanoire away from the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): How about her other family members?

Unknown Role (None): Estienne said that Agnes wrote them in the past, but that she never received a reply and thus stopped trying altogether. If they knew about the current situation, they might change their minds.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I want to take her to her family. And if they don't want to take her in, we'll figure something else out then.

Unknown Role (None): Why can't I stay here? Sure, there's an evil sorcerer, but there's a good sorcerer, and you're here too! I don't want to leave.

Unknown Role (None): Mother never came back after leaving the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): If I leave, does that mean that I'll never come back, just like my mother? And I'd never see you again either, Cater!

Unknown Role (None): Agnes left?

Unknown Role (None): (I don't think Lanoire can comprehend what happened.)

Unknown Role (None): Ah...

Unknown Role (None): Either way, this is no place for a child to grow up. How will a sprout bloom without sunlight?

Unknown Role (None): You should get out of this place, Lanoire. You've heard all the stories already. There's a real world outside and a family that you are connected to.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go with you, so you needn't be afraid.

Unknown Role (None): I believe you. You've never lied to me.

Unknown Role (None): But how will you get her out without proof of identity? Is there anything we can do to help?

Unknown Role (None): Is there some loophole or a backdoor we can use?

Unknown Role (None): There are options, but they're too risky. How about this, then? Let's follow the rules... albeit not that strictly.

Unknown Role (None): How will that work?

Unknown Role (None): Every so often, Estienne will bring a few people with him to do some work outside. We use this chance to get Lanoire back to her family.

Unknown Role (None): She doesn't have any proof of identification to begin with... and the disappearance of someone who never existed on paper isn't exactly going to make news here in the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): You aren't talking about "Coupon Millionaire," are you? Paimon remembers Estienne saying that whoever gets the most Coupons within a time limit will win the chance to go outside...

Unknown Role (None): Whoops. Our Coupons went straight to our stomachs.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! And Lanoire spent a ton more cleaning the Rag and Bone Shop out! We're sure to lose now! What are we gonna do?

Unknown Role (None): We won't lose. If Cater says we'll win, we'll definitely win.

Unknown Role (None): Lanoire... Paimon suspects you aren't grasping the gravity of the situation at all!

Unknown Role (None): Can we get the Coupons refunded? We can just say that she's a child who didn't understand the rules...

Unknown Role (None): As the transaction already took place, I'm afraid that won't be so easy.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, we'll just have to wait for the next opportunity...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. The Coupons I gave to Lanoire were for her to use as she pleased. This little mishap won't change the outcome.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon still feels kinda bad though. Why don't we help you? Paimon remembers Estienne saying that you can play the game as a group.

Unknown Role (None): #Really, Ms. Paimon? You and Mr. Traveler will play the game with us, too?

Unknown Role (None): Yep, and we'll win this thing together!

Unknown Role (None): We'll just consider this a commission with advance rewards.

Unknown Role (None): With us here, this'll be a piece of cake! There are four of us, after all! Still, how can we get the most Coupons in the least amount of time...?

Unknown Role (None): I already feel much better knowing that you'll be helping us. Thank you both. As for how to get the Coupons... I have a few ideas, but that can wait until tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): You must be exhausted. If you don't mind, why don't you rest up first? There's enough space here.

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm... good idea. Traveler, if you're tired, why don't we call it an early night?

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): I'm feeling a little tired. Should we rest now?

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): Cater! I'm back.

Unknown Role (None): Welcome back, Lanoire. Looks like you've made some friends.

Unknown Role (None): #Yes, they're Mr. Traveler and Ms. Paimon. Ms. Paimon is small and she can fly, but she's not a bird.

Unknown Role (None): She's not a Seelie either. Maybe a small Oceanid? No wonder no one has seen anything like her, or knows anything about her!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): That's right, Paimon's just Paimon! She's not a Seelie or an Oceanid... Wait, you're "Cater"!?

Unknown Role (None): You look about the same age as Lanoire.

Unknown Role (None): #Nice to meet you, Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Please don't be so formal. That feels so strange!

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you're Lanoire's friends, sure!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, both you and Lanoire are children, right? So, is your guardian here? Why are the two of you in a place like this...

Unknown Role (None): Cater's not a child.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, I am not. As for my present appearance... You can think of it as an illness of sorts.

Unknown Role (None): So, that's what's going on...

Unknown Role (None): I've been here for a long time, well, because of what I've done in the past. But it's more complicated for Lanoire...

Unknown Role (None): She was born here.

Unknown Role (None): Here? In the Fortress?

Unknown Role (None): You're a strange one, Ms. Paimon. I've already told you that I've always been here, haven't I?

Unknown Role (None): Agnes, her mother, was plagued by a chronic illness and passed away some time ago.

Unknown Role (None): I don't stick my nose into other people's lives, so I didn't know about their situation. But regardless, Lanoire wound up with no one to care for her.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe it's because I've been here for a long time, and she's closer to me, but either way, Estienne's asked me to look after her.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it is... But she shouldn't be here, right? It's not like she's done anything wrong...

Unknown Role (None): You're right. I'm just looking after her for now, and she really should be with her family.

Unknown Role (None): And fortunately, she does indeed have family outside the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): So that's what she meant when she said she has a home that she doesn't know about. Will she be able to reunite with them soon?

Unknown Role (None): About that... Things are a little complicated, and I'm afraid it won't happen all that soon.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Why?

Unknown Role (None): Because she doesn't have any proof of identity. Maybe Agnes didn't think of that, either. She was the one who'd have needed to start the process to send Lanoire away from the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): How about her other family members?

Unknown Role (None): Estienne said that Agnes wrote them in the past, but that she never received a reply and thus stopped trying altogether. If they knew about the current situation, they might change their minds.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I want to take her to her family. And if they don't want to take her in, we'll figure something else out then.

Unknown Role (None): Why can't I stay here? Sure, there's an evil sorcerer, but there's a good sorcerer, and you're here too! I don't want to leave.

Unknown Role (None): Mother never came back after leaving the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): If I leave, does that mean that I'll never come back, just like my mother? And I'd never see you again either, Cater!

Unknown Role (None): Agnes left?

Unknown Role (None): (I don't think Lanoire can comprehend what happened.)

Unknown Role (None): Ah...

Unknown Role (None): Either way, this is no place for a child to grow up. How will a sprout bloom without sunlight?

Unknown Role (None): You should get out of this place, Lanoire. You've heard all the stories already. There's a real world outside and a family that you are connected to.

Unknown Role (None): I'll go with you, so you needn't be afraid.

Unknown Role (None): I believe you. You've never lied to me.

Unknown Role (None): But how will you get her out without proof of identity? Is there anything we can do to help?

Unknown Role (None): Is there some loophole or a backdoor we can use?

Unknown Role (None): There are options, but they're too risky. How about this, then? Let's follow the rules... albeit not that strictly.

Unknown Role (None): How will that work?

Unknown Role (None): Every so often, Estienne will bring a few people with him to do some work outside. We use this chance to get Lanoire back to her family.

Unknown Role (None): She doesn't have any proof of identification to begin with... and the disappearance of someone who never existed on paper isn't exactly going to make news here in the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): You aren't talking about "Coupon Millionaire," are you? Paimon remembers Estienne saying that whoever gets the most Coupons within a time limit will win the chance to go outside...

Unknown Role (None): Whoops. Our Coupons went straight to our stomachs.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! And Lanoire spent a ton more cleaning the Rag and Bone Shop out! We're sure to lose now! What are we gonna do?

Unknown Role (None): We won't lose. If Cater says we'll win, we'll definitely win.

Unknown Role (None): Lanoire... Paimon suspects you aren't grasping the gravity of the situation at all!

Unknown Role (None): Can we get the Coupons refunded? We can just say that she's a child who didn't understand the rules...

Unknown Role (None): As the transaction already took place, I'm afraid that won't be so easy.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, we'll just have to wait for the next opportunity...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. The Coupons I gave to Lanoire were for her to use as she pleased. This little mishap won't change the outcome.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon still feels kinda bad though. Why don't we help you? Paimon remembers Estienne saying that you can play the game as a group.

Unknown Role (None): #Really, Ms. Paimon? You and Mr. Traveler will play the game with us, too?

Unknown Role (None): Yep, and we'll win this thing together!

Unknown Role (None): We'll just consider this a commission with advance rewards.

Unknown Role (None): With us here, this'll be a piece of cake! There are four of us, after all! Still, how can we get the most Coupons in the least amount of time...?

Unknown Role (None): I already feel much better knowing that you'll be helping us. Thank you both. As for how to get the Coupons... I have a few ideas, but that can wait until tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): You must be exhausted. If you don't mind, why don't you rest up first? There's enough space here.

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm... good idea. Traveler, if you're tired, why don't we call it an early night?

## Talk 32

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it seems like we've come at a bad time...

Unknown Role (None): Cater's been taken by the evil sorcerer!

Unknown Role (None): Haha!

Unknown Role (None): ...What?

Unknown Role (None): What's everyone doing here?

Unknown Role (None): #If I'm not mistaken, you must be... Traveler and Paimon? I'll come back to your question in a moment.

Unknown Role (None): I consulted the records from the last hundred years, and I couldn't find any record of a "Caterpillar." In light of this possible mislaying of documents, we'll need your cooperation to recreate them.

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing pressing about the matter, if you ask me. What's the rush about?

Unknown Role (None): Estienne, I often get the impression that you couldn't care less about restoring order to this place.

Unknown Role (None): I can't agree with your viewpoint. People who habitually indulge their every whim just can't see that too much freedom actually does them harm.

Unknown Role (None): I'll restore order to this chaos using my own methods. I'll advise you again not to stand in the way of my work.

Unknown Role (None): "Chaos"? Isn't that just another word for "thinking on your feet"? *sigh* You know what? Forget it.

Unknown Role (None): Is Caterpillar your real name? Additionally, I'll need you to state your crime in as much detail as possible — the time, location, as well as the final sentence pronounced.

Unknown Role (None): The more details you provide, the greater the likelihood we'll have of retrieving your records. If your file was indeed lost, we can fill in a portion of your records based on your statement.

Unknown Role (None): I've been called Caterpillar for as long as I can remember. I think this name suits me best, and it's the closest thing I have to a real name.

Unknown Role (None): Real name... Caterpillar. Confirmed to be correct. Next, state your crime.

Unknown Role (None): I carried out a certain task under my master's orders. I failed, but some people suffered because of it nonetheless. This was my crime.

Unknown Role (None): Your master? I'll need their full name. Also, when did this occur?

Unknown Role (None): Unlike me, he has many names. This happened a long time ago.

Unknown Role (None): ...Are you messing with me?

Unknown Role (None): Everything I've said is the truth.

Unknown Role (None): His voice sounds too low to be that of a child.
"I apologize. Were you looking for a more dramatic account? Or for some lurid details to ignite your imagination?"

Unknown Role (None): "As for what happened that day, I could recount it sparing no detail — from the furnishings of that clandestine hall to the thoughts of my companion, which I've ventured to speculate on."

Unknown Role (None): "But that's all just a fabrication of the mind made after the fact. We both know that's not what you're really after, for these are nothing more than stories masquerading as the truth. The real story has already turned to smoke along with that barren garden."

Unknown Role (None): "What you want to know is a purer truth. The truth is that the culprit is where he should be. The other minutiae and trivialities are of no significance to you."
"They're inconsequential, and thus won't shake up your order in the slightest."

Unknown Role (None): "There's nothing here for you to trouble yourself with. Everything is as it should be."

Unknown Role (None): The culprit is where he should be...

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing here for me to trouble myself with. Everything is as it should be...

Unknown Role (None): Compared to the "temporarily" missing file, surely the misuse of the Rochelle Loudspeaker is a more obvious problem.

Unknown Role (None): Apart from the unauthorized use, we've also received a number of complaints recently of nervous breakdowns caused by its repeated use...

Unknown Role (None): You're right, Estienne. The guards have an even greater duty to put a stop to this sort of rule-breaking. We should investigate the matter immediately.

Unknown Role (None): What are we waiting for, then? Let's get this show on the road.

Unknown Role (None): (That's odd. Why did he flip at the drop of a hat?)

Unknown Role (None): (There's something fishy about this.)

Unknown Role (None): Could it have something to do with that stuff Caterpillar said? Paimon just felt a little sleepy when she heard it...

Unknown Role (None): Let's just ask him directly!

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for the delay. About the way I said I got the Coupons earlier...

Unknown Role (None): What did you do to him?

Unknown Role (None): Someone that aggressive doesn't seem like the type to take advice from anyone. Why would he give up so easily...?

Unknown Role (None): Just a few small tricks.

Unknown Role (None): "The culprit is where he should be." This is an undeniable fact.

Unknown Role (None): Making someone as straightforward as him "certain" of an undeniable fact isn't exactly hard.

Unknown Role (None): The purer a person is, the more easily they tend to be influenced by others' words.

Unknown Role (None): I've been here for a long time, as you know. After staying in one place for a long time, it's only natural to pick up a few handy tricks to exert some degree of influence over your environment.

Unknown Role (None): Almost too handy, I'd say.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds a little suspicious...

Unknown Role (None): Changing a stubborn person's mind with just a few simple phrases almost sounds like magic... Could there have been times when we were also influenced by magic without even knowing it?

Unknown Role (None): Considering how pure-hearted you are, Paimon, that is a worrying thought.

Unknown Role (None): #You too, Traveler! Wait a minute... You're not saying Paimon's gullible, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Would someone even realize that they're being influenced?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Paimon was already a bit sleepy, but now her head is totally spinning...

Unknown Role (None): It's not as simple as it looks — there are always limits to the application of tricks like these, and the results aren't always what you'd hoped for.

Unknown Role (None): Once, there was an overly-trusting kid who wanted to progress in the arts. He always had a knack for it, but he lacked confidence because of his visual impairment.

Unknown Role (None): The "certainty" that he could draw well was inside him to begin with. That's why I didn't turn him away when he came to me for help. Things didn't go quite as I expected in the end, of course, but...

Unknown Role (None): I did take a chance this time. I just thought that if he held us up here, it would keep delaying the plan to get Lanoire out of the Fortress.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, I doubt you wanted to be questioned by him repeatedly either.

Unknown Role (None): You shouldn't take chances like that.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you've got to take chances to achieve your goals.

Unknown Role (None): You're absolutely right.

Unknown Role (None): Back to the matter at hand... If you've changed your mind and want to back out, I understand completely. Lanoire might be sad for a time though. For her, playmates like you are hard to come by.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... We've already made a promise to her, so we can't just go back on our word now. Right?

Unknown Role (None): A promise is a promise.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Consider this our way of helping her out!

Unknown Role (None): This doesn't mean I trust you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Knowing that our goals are aligned for the time being is enough.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, where is she?

Unknown Role (None): She went on an adventure early this morning — probably to rehearse for what's to come after she leaves this place. It's just as well, I have a few headaches to go take care of soon...

Unknown Role (None): You can usually get a reward for helping others — including the guards — take care of some headaches.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, we totally get that. Sounds just like some of the Adventurers' Guild's commissions.

Unknown Role (None): I see. Would you two join me on this next commission, then?

Unknown Role (None): Sure! Where are we going?

Unknown Role (None): The abandoned production zone in the lower levels.

## Talk 34

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402526 could not be retrieved

## Talk 35

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402545 could not be retrieved

## Talk 36

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon, we've fallen way behind!

Unknown Role (None): It's true. I've gone to ask Estienne about the current situation, and this seems to be the case.

Unknown Role (None): Let Paimon see... Ooh! Looks like you got some Coupons too, Caterpillar! Wait, aren't we still dead last?

Unknown Role (None): Even Darcy's ahead of us! He entered the competition by himself, didn't he? How can this be happening...

Unknown Role (None): Because he helped the guards take care of no small number of nuisances. For example, Ms. Monglane often asks him for help.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon sees... Wait a minute, does that mean he was so nice to us at the start because he could gain something from it...?

Unknown Role (None): Also, won't we lose for sure if this keeps up? Urgh, if only Paimon hadn't eaten so much at the Rag and Bone Shop earlier...

Unknown Role (None): No matter. All that counts is the total number of Coupons collected within the time limit. Using Coupons you already have doesn't affect the total count.

Unknown Role (None): That means you can eat even more, Ms. Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Lanoire... Our problem right now is that we're about to lose the competition! Aren't you guys the least bit worried?

Unknown Role (None): There's still plenty of time left before the end. We'll make it.

Unknown Role (None): Today was exhausting. Let's keep going tomorrow.

Unknown Role (None): #Are you tired, Mr. Traveler? Let me rub your shoulders!

Unknown Role (None): That's playing favorites, Lanoire! Paimon's tired, too!

Unknown Role (None): Okay, then I'll rub your shoulders, too.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, okay!

Unknown Role (None): We're going to take the lead straight from last place. Hehe, now I'm motivated.

Unknown Role (None): That does like your typical motivational story, sure... But can we really pull it off?

Unknown Role (None): You have to believe in yourself more, Ms. Paimon! The heroes of the story are all sure of themselves. That's why they're the main characters.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You're right, Lanoire! We're gonna win this thing!

Unknown Role (None): Tomorrow, we divide and conquer. We'll reconvene here once we make some gains. Sound good? We'll make better time this way.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed... That sounds like a better plan.

Unknown Role (None): Also, if you don't mind, we can rest here, just like before.

Unknown Role (None): #Sure. Traveler, you can take a break now if you're tired.

## Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): Should we rest now?

## Talk 38

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402529 could not be retrieved

## Talk 39

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402530 could not be retrieved

## Talk 40

Unknown Role (None): Having fun playing house with the kids?

Unknown Role (None): You are?

Unknown Role (None): I believe we've met.

Unknown Role (None): It is pretty fun, to be honest.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like Estienne really should hold a children's version.

Unknown Role (None): Not really...

Unknown Role (None): Just as I thought.

Unknown Role (None): Did you need us for something? We're rivals, you know. Did you really come to see if we're having a good time?

Unknown Role (None): I have many qualities, and one that has benefited me greatly is my curiosity.

Unknown Role (None): I always want to get to the bottom of things I don't understand, so I tend to know the facts better than others.

Unknown Role (None): What a coincidence. Me too.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we'll enjoy talking to each other then.

Unknown Role (None): Get to the point.

Unknown Role (None): I just wanted to know why you decided to take part in this game.

Unknown Role (None): If it was for the chance to get out, I have another route that I can show you...

Unknown Role (None): I like playing games, and I like winning even more.

Unknown Role (None): I have nothing to say to a competitor.

Unknown Role (None): #Remaining vigilant around your enemies is wise, but I'm not necessarily your enemy.

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean by that?

Unknown Role (None): What I mean is, if you only want to win, then why don't we work together?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? But aren't you already in first place?

Unknown Role (None): That's precisely why we both stand to benefit.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Wait a minute, we joined to help Lanoire out...

Unknown Role (None): That little girl? In that case, if you're willing to join up with me, I'll grant any wish she has as well.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds too good to be true.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll be frank — this is a matter of honor. Caterpillar and I have some... unresolved history.

Unknown Role (None): I don't know what he said to pull one over on you... but I'm telling you, he's a monster. A monster in human skin.

Unknown Role (None): What are you all talking about? Not some sort of rule-breaking scheme, I trust?

Unknown Role (None): ...Tsk.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Mr. Noailles. Your timing couldn't be better. Could I ask you about the results of the investigation into Caterpillar...

Unknown Role (None): The majority of his records are missing, but it's fine. The culprit is where he should be, and everything is as it should be...

Unknown Role (None): His records are missing? That's impossible. He definitely had a hand in this...

Unknown Role (None): ...The missing records need to be recreated. Right. How could I have forgotten about that? Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): ...Right, go finish your tasks now. I don't want to see you loitering around here.

## Talk 41

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402546 could not be retrieved

## Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon! Welcome back!

Unknown Role (None): We brought quite the haul back today. Our current standing should be...

Unknown Role (None): Dang it! We only just pulled ahead of Darcy...

Unknown Role (None): That's great! We're not in last place anymore!

Unknown Role (None): But there are four of us...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and we're doing great!

Unknown Role (None): Such positivity.

Unknown Role (None): But are we really gonna be okay like this? We still have two big hurdles ahead of us...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, we're doomed.

Unknown Role (None): You promised me we'd win for sure, right, Cater?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. So, don't worry too much, you two. I know that may sound strange, but...

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes forgetting about the outcome and enjoying the fun to be had in the process isn't a bad way to go.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, if you say so...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, speaking of that, Caterpillar, we received an invitation from the guy who was in first place earlier. But he was super rude, and he said that... you're a...

Unknown Role (None): Um... Anyway, it wasn't very nice of him!

Unknown Role (None): What happened between you two?

Unknown Role (None): Just a few minor differences of opinion. He invited me to join him as well, but having no real reason to accept, I declined his offer.

Unknown Role (None): Later, he tried to get some of his lackeys to teach me a lesson... It's true, I am a monster — the kind people like him would do well not to provoke.

Unknown Role (None): D—Don't say that! Surely you didn't end up this way because you wanted to, right, Caterpillar?

Unknown Role (None): If Cater is a monster, then he's one of the good ones! Just like how there are good sorcerers and bad sorcerers... *yawn*

Unknown Role (None): What's the matter? Are you sleepy, Lanoire?

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm... But I haven't heard the rest of yesterday's story yet...

Unknown Role (None): If you're tired, you should go for an early night.

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon... Will we still meet again tomorrow?

Unknown Role (None): Why are you asking that all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): If... If you don't want to be on the same team as us anymore...

Unknown Role (None): What are you talking about? Didn't we say we'd get first place together? There are still two more teams ahead of us, so we have to make tomorrow count!

Unknown Role (None): #Yeah, you're right! *yawn* I'm so sleepy. Let's do our best tomorrow... Sweet dreams, Mr. Traveler, sweet dreams, Ms. Paimon...

## Talk 43

Unknown Role (None): Should we rest now?

## Talk 44

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402534 could not be retrieved

## Talk 45

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402535 could not be retrieved

## Talk 46

Unknown Role (None): Hello...

Unknown Role (None): Wow, we sure are popular.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's getting deja vu... Did you need us for something?

Unknown Role (None): Let's be direct, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Alright. I'm hoping you'll join us in launching a protest against Estienne.

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): Since you're taking part in this game as well, I think you'll understand my position. The rules should be more open and transparent...

Unknown Role (None): What's the catch?

Unknown Role (None): The competition should restart with the new rules in place.

Unknown Role (None): What!? Wouldn't that make all the hard work we've done so far be for nothing?

Unknown Role (None): What's so crazy about that? It happens all the time in academia — you realize that there's an error in your thesis or methodology, and it completely invalidates the conclusion you arrived at after years of research.

Unknown Role (None): Pretty sure that's nothing like this...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe for the next time he runs the game... Just play it as it is this time around.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Iterating and improving the rules will take time. We may not be able to get them implemented until the next time the game is held...

Unknown Role (None): No, I need this game to be fair. To me, delayed fairness is a pointless loss. I've lost so much time already because of this...

Unknown Role (None): I'm busy, find someone else.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Paimon thinks you have the right idea, but... but this isn't a decision that can be made by just us, right? Maybe you could go ask the others as well...

Unknown Role (None): Estienne will only change the subject, and as for Rave... You kids had better keep your guard up around him.

Unknown Role (None): "Us kids..."? Hmm, that kinda grinds Paimon's gears, but maybe that really is how other people see us...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, thanks for the tip. But Paimon's not sure we can help you.

Unknown Role (None): Fine. I anticipated as much.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll leave you to it. Good luck out there. My luck hasn't exactly been great, but I won't be throwing in the towel that easily.

Unknown Role (None): O—Okay. Paimon also hopes that your luck improves...

## Talk 47

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402547 could not be retrieved

## Talk 48

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What's that guard doing here...?

Unknown Role (None): Just who I was looking for.

Unknown Role (None): We were just leaving.

Unknown Role (None): Hang on. I'd like you to answer a few questions first.

Unknown Role (None): Did something happen?

Unknown Role (None): The investigation is ongoing, so I can't disclose any specifics to you. However, I'd like you to answer a few of my questions.

Unknown Role (None): As you probably know, the missing records need to be recreated. This isn't necessarily bad news for him, but without those records, he won't be able to leave this place even if he has legally redeemed himself.

Unknown Role (None): As such, I hope you can answer my questions honestly.

Unknown Role (None): Do you know when Caterpillar arrived in the Fortress of Meropide?

Unknown Role (None): Um... He just said that he came here a long time ago, so we don't know when exactly...

Unknown Role (None): Then I don't suppose you know the specifics of his sentence or crime?

Unknown Role (None): No, we don't...

Unknown Role (None): Do you know anything about this "master" he mentioned earlier?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't remember Caterpillar mentioning him before...

Unknown Role (None): Have either of you observed anything peculiar happen while speaking to him?

Unknown Role (None): Not so far.

Unknown Role (None): Not so far? Okay then.

Unknown Role (None): The stories he tells have a rather hypnotic effect...

Unknown Role (None): Hypnotic? What stories? What are they about?

Unknown Role (None): Th—They're just children's fairytales, they're not about anything important.

Unknown Role (None): Well, children like you shouldn't even be here to begin with. If you end up leaving this place, I hope you don't come back.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh? O—Okay.

Unknown Role (None): That's enough questions for today. It doesn't seem like you know very much, but if you do notice anything strange, make sure to report it at once. It's for your own good.

Unknown Role (None): Noailles leaves...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we don't know much about Caterpillar after all... But if he doesn't want to talk about his crime or sentence or anything like that, Paimon thinks we'd better not press him.

Unknown Role (None): I'm not really concerned about any of that.

Unknown Role (None): Well, he didn't ask much about our pasts either.

Unknown Role (None): He does seem a little suspicious...

Unknown Role (None): Suspicious, huh... Well, he is kinda mysterious...

Unknown Role (None): But whatever the case, he's doing a good deed right now, isn't he?

Unknown Role (None): Lanoire seems to really trust him as well... So he's probably not a bad guy... at least for now, right?

Unknown Role (None): You can never go wrong with a little caution.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah.

Unknown Role (None): After you wait patiently for a little while, Caterpillar and Lanoire return.

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon! You're both so fast! I got carried away talking to Ms. Galvana.

Unknown Role (None): She even gave me some candy! She said they're made from a fruit that grows on the trees in a desert oasis...

Unknown Role (None): I asked her what kind of place a desert oasis might be, and she said it's a little body of water surrounded by a vast sea of sand.

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't that sound just like the Fortress? Except... Y'know, opposite, since this place is surrounded by water.

Unknown Role (None): Once you leave this place, maybe you'll get to go there and see it for yourself! That reminds me, after all the hard work we've done, we must have advanced by now, right?

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of that, I asked Estienne, and here's where things stand at the moment...

Unknown Role (None): You mean we basically haven't advanced at all!? How could that be?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like the competition's been hard at work, too.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. Rave has some contacts, and the researcher and detective's assistant will have their own ways.

Unknown Role (None): Surely this isn't the time to be singing our rivals' praises? Is there really nothing we can do? We're definitely gonna lose at this rate...

Unknown Role (None): We're gonna lose? But if we lose, we can all stay here in the Fortress, right?

Unknown Role (None): We've talked about this before, Lanoire. If we stay here, we'll have to worry each day about being taken away by evil sorcerers.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... then I guess it would be better to leave. But... But Ms. Paimon said we're definitely gonna lose...

Unknown Role (None): W—We're not gonna lose! The game's not over yet, there's still enough time. We're gonna win this!

Unknown Role (None): If we don't win this time, there's always next time.

Unknown Role (None): #Don't be such a wet blanket, Traveler! Have some faith. We can definitely win this time!

Unknown Role (None): An underdog victory would be more exciting.

Unknown Role (None): The fact of the matter is, there are only two teams ahead of us. We've got nothing to worry about!

Unknown Role (None): There isn't much time left until the deadline Estienne set. Let's just meet at the message board in the administrative area next time.

Unknown Role (None): Ohh, there isn't much time left until the final results are announced, is there... Paimon has a feeling she's gonna toss and turn in bed tonight...

Unknown Role (None): You can tell me in secret if you feel scared, Ms. Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, seriously? A kid like you, worried about Paimon...? Paimon won't get scared! You're the one who should be scared! Paimon hopes you'll have sweet dreams, Lanoire!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I've had lots of nice ones. In fact, I wish I could give some to the two of you!

## Talk 49

Unknown Role (None): Should we rest now?

## Talk 50

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402539 could not be retrieved

## Talk 51

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402540 could not be retrieved

## Talk 52

Unknown Role (None): Strange, Caterpillar and Lanoire aren't here yet.

Unknown Role (None): Why bother coming when you know you're going to lose?

Unknown Role (None): I wouldn't be so certain of that.

Unknown Role (None): That's right! You're only ahead of us by a little...

Unknown Role (None): A little? Haha.

Unknown Role (None): Can the results be announced now, Estienne? Actually, no... Let's wait a little. After all, the best must be saved for last.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we don't have to wait long. Here they come.

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler! Ms. Paimon! Have you seen the results yet? Did we win?

Unknown Role (None): We don't know yet...

Unknown Role (None): Well, seems everyone's here. Would you announce the results now, Estienne?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Oh, but the results on Caterpillar's end still need to be calculated...

Unknown Role (None): My, my, what a cruel guard, toying with us from start to finish like that.

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you wring out the last bit of mercy in your heart and let them know that the gap between us is too wide to cross? Stop torturing us with false hope.

Unknown Role (None): These aren't the final results, but...

Unknown Role (None): We should be able to win once we add the Coupons that Cater got today, right?

Unknown Role (None): Hold on, why have Genevieve's team's points been cleared out?

Unknown Role (None): I was against it. But this is the more logical approach with respect to the results.

Unknown Role (None): What's that supposed to mean...? Whoa, Rave's team has so many points!

Unknown Role (None): He doesn't need the chance to leave, and we don't need to place first.

Unknown Role (None): You mean you gave all your Coupons to Rave? Isn't that against the rules?

Unknown Role (None): There's no rule forbidding it. I was originally in favor of amending the rules to ensure fair play, but no one else seemed to be in support of that.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, there isn't a rule forbidding that. *sigh* This competition would have been far more exciting if everyone could have fully used the rules to their advantage.

Unknown Role (None): More exciting for you, maybe. Rules don't mean a thing in a game as boring as this one. At the end of the day, it's a question of upholding one's honor.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, now that the scores have been announced, isn't it time for the final results?

Unknown Role (None): Our points from today haven't been added yet.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... A drop in the ocean.

Unknown Role (None): Now that everything's been added, here's what the results look like.

Unknown Role (None): #Yes! Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon, look! Look! We won!

Unknown Role (None): What...? That's impossible! What did you do?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... that many? Paimon's lost count... Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): It's a trick even simpler than magic.

Unknown Role (None): I used the Coupons I'd saved up in the past to hire a bunch of people to help me work. What we have now is the product of their work this whole time. And I believe this falls within the rules, too.

Unknown Role (None): Even if it does, that's an insane amount...

Unknown Role (None): I also have my reasons for needing to win, and I'd even gotten help from my two friends. It would be a real shame if we lost now.

Unknown Role (None): So this wasn't about honor?

Unknown Role (None): Vanity, perhaps.

Unknown Role (None): I think it's time to announce the final results.

Unknown Role (None): #Since everything's been tallied, it's time to announce the final results. The winners of this game are Caterpillar, Mr. Traveler, and Ms. Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): No objections, I take it?

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing I can say, except that it looks like I picked a fight with the wrong opponent. I ended up in here last time for striking someone in anger. I won't make the same mistake this time.

Unknown Role (None): ...You'll pay the price for the choices you made.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, Paimon didn't expect to hear someone actually say that.

Unknown Role (None): Pretty cliche, if you ask me.

Unknown Role (None): "We'll see about that! You'll seeee!"

Unknown Role (None): That's even more cliche!

Unknown Role (None): Is everyone ready? If so, let's set off now.

Unknown Role (None): Let's do this before Noailles gets back. I hope he can understand that his thinking isn't wrong, but that it's just not suited for a place like this.

Unknown Role (None): You're ready, aren't you, Lanoire?

Unknown Role (None): Uh-huh! I've already said goodbye to everyone.

Unknown Role (None): We're also ready to get going whenever.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. Just keep quiet for a while. I've made some arrangements in advance, so we shouldn't run into any problems.

## Talk 53

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7402519 could not be retrieved

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): The north side of the production zone's lower levels.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): The south side of the dormitory block.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): The southeast side of the production zone's upper level.

Unknown Role (None): (Maybe we'll even be able to get some Coupons...)

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): (Looks like Caterpillar left us a few Coupon breadcrumbs to follow...)

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): We'll take our chances.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Dirty Face Darcy, at your service!

Unknown Role (None): At whose service? And when? You ran off and left us behind back there!

Unknown Role (None): I had to. Once that researcher starts talking, there's no end to it! It was fun the first time, but I've seen it too many times already.

Unknown Role (None): That was your first time, right? Was it fun?

Unknown Role (None): Not at all.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't get the point, either.

Unknown Role (None): What an amazing debate.

Unknown Role (None): #Are you serious, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Too bad the time for Pankration hasn't arrived yet. I think that's more fun! Anyway, we'll just have to wait.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Come find me if you change your mind. We're already midway through the game though, so joining now means getting a late start. Still, that would make the game more interesting, wouldn't it?

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): I told you it's a waste of time to talk to them about these things. They just don't care.

Unknown Role (None): You know we're not that kind of people. I can't reach conclusions intuitively like you. I have to do it before making a decision.

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Did you need me for something?

Unknown Role (None): Mind telling me about Estienne?

Unknown Role (None): The smiling ones are the ones you've really got to watch out for.

Unknown Role (None): Tell me about Genevieve...

Unknown Role (None): #You're not going to try to get that woman to listen to reason, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Tell me about Noailles...

Unknown Role (None): I've got nothing to say about him.

Unknown Role (None): Never mind...

Unknown Role (None): ...You kids oughta head home. If you still have a home to go back to, that is.

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Got any Coupons, boss?

Unknown Role (None): Boss?

Unknown Role (None): You're not the boss? Why didn't you say so?

Unknown Role (None): What's it to you?

Unknown Role (None): You don't? Then I called you "boss" for nothing. What a waste.

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): ...

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Welcome to the Rag and Bone Shop! We have everything... Oops, we don't have anything right now.

Unknown Role (None): I need to buy something.

Unknown Role (None): I'm done.

Unknown Role (None): We'll get a new shipment soon. Don't forget to come back!

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): #Mr. Traveler, Ms. Paimon, and I tried a really wonderful-tasting Fonta... Ms. Paimon drank a whole lot of it, but she didn't drop down at all!

Unknown Role (None): She must know a lot of powerful magic, then.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... Ms. Paimon's so strong!

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): I was chatting with Ms. Monglane... She said that Natlan's nothing like Fontaine, and that she really wants to take a dip in a volcanic hot spring.

Unknown Role (None): A volcano... Is that a flaming mountain? And mountains are... suuuuper tall mounds of rock and dirt, right? Hmm...

Unknown Role (None): You'll get to see all these things for yourself after you leave this place, whether it's volcanos, or anything else.

Unknown Role (None): #Then let's explore those places together, Cater! Hmm... Let's invite Mr. Traveler and Ms. Paimon, too. They'll definitely like that!

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): *yawn* I'm so sleepy...

Unknown Role (None): In that case, go get some rest.

Unknown Role (None): Okay... But I haven't heard the rest of the story yet. I'll rest after I hear the ending...

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): The candy Ms. Galvana gave me... is so sweet.

Unknown Role (None): Remember to brush your teeth before bed.

Unknown Role (None): Okay... I will!

### Additional Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Tired from playing with those kids? You can spar with me after you've rested!

Unknown Role (None): I'm pretty strong, just to let you know.

Unknown Role (None): The stronger the opponent, the better!

Unknown Role (None): Why do you want to spar with me?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? How does the saying go again... "There's no substitute for the real thing"! Sparing with an actual person always beats punching dummies, don't you think?

### Additional Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Will it take this long? You...

Unknown Role (None): I want to be free of these bothersome affairs, too! Really, can you just... please use the devices according to the instructions?

### Additional Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Did you need me for something?

Unknown Role (None): Nice weather we're having today.

Unknown Role (None): #Indeed, we only get the occasional bit of rainfall each year.

Unknown Role (None): Nothing, sorry to bother you.

Unknown Role (None): Have a nice day, then.

### Additional Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Hey, do you think there will still be any pay-off in joining now?

Unknown Role (None): This Fonta's too strong. There are quite a few flavors, though...

Unknown Role (None): I think the health drink that guy from Sumeru is working on has some promise. Maybe I should invest a little in it...

Unknown Role (None): I may not be your friend, but I'd advise against that.

### Additional Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...Sorry, I have some things I need to think about.

### Additional Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): What, you lost your cat, too?

Unknown Role (None): What cat?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you don't know yet? Never mind.

Unknown Role (None): I don't think anyone here loses cats.

### Additional Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Phew, this is tough work.

Unknown Role (None): Keep up the good work.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you guys, too.

Unknown Role (None): Aren't you just standing there?

Unknown Role (None): Mental labor is still labor, isn't it? But the scary thing is that, as an imperceptible form of labor, there's no way to determine its value.

### Additional Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): After careful consideration, I've decided to invest in him.

Unknown Role (None): Lasting health is more important than a fleeting moment of pleasure or mental renewal, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Everyone's smart enough to understand this, I'm sure.

Unknown Role (None): I think this idea is going places!

Unknown Role (None): I'd advise you against asking for my opinion next time.

### Additional Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): ...There's no way we need that many technicians.

Unknown Role (None): What?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, nothing. I was just lamenting how many familiar faces from the Fontaine Research Institute are here.

### Additional Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): You shouldn't have turned down my offer.

Unknown Role (None): I don't regret my decision.

Unknown Role (None): I hope you'll be able to stick to your convictions until the end then.

Unknown Role (None): Is it too late to back out, then?

Unknown Role (None): Opportunities like that only come around once. That's something you should understand.

### Additional Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): ...We'll need additional investment to expand production.

Unknown Role (None): It's just that Mora's been a bit tight lately. Do you think you could...

Unknown Role (None): Nope, don't look at me. I've got nothing.

Unknown Role (None): Don't say that! We're in this together. How about this? When we make a profit, I'll double your share.

Unknown Role (None): ...Still no? Are you sure?

Unknown Role (None): I said I've got nothing.

### Additional Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Guess I only have myself to rely on in the end.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Who else?

Unknown Role (None): Humans are lonely creatures, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Why this, all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): I tried to rely on others, and it didn't work out.

Unknown Role (None): I suppose that's to be expected. Good thing I always have a Plan B, so I'm not completely out of options.

### Additional Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): What are we waiting for? Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

### Additional Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): I can't keep up... Let me think.

Unknown Role (None): You're going too fast, let us think about this a little...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, sorry! I didn't mean to make you come with me. Take your time, and come find me when you make a decision!

### Additional Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): Okay, let's go, then.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

### Additional Talk 32

Unknown Role (None): Let's talk about this later.

Unknown Role (None): Just think of it as killing time. Anyway, come find me when you make a decision, and I'll take you to meet Estienne, my guard partner!

### Additional Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Let's rest.

Unknown Role (None): "Cater, what story are you gonna tell me today? I've already heard a lot of stories with heroes as the main characters..."
"Today I'll tell you a story about a little girl, then."
"A little girl... Can a little girl also be the main character?"
"Of course she can. It's her own story, after all. In other stories, she might be a hero herself, or even an evil dragon. There are all kinds of roles she can play."

Unknown Role (None): Long, long ago, there was a little girl who lived in a giant's garden.
The giant took special care of the flowers in the garden, and wouldn't allow anyone to pluck even a single one of them. To keep intruders out, the giant built a towering wall around it.
Because of this, the little girl living in the giant's garden had never set foot outside of it even once. The giant always told her that the world outside was a dangerous place, and that the garden was the safest place she could live in.

Unknown Role (None): "And then what? Did the little girl listen to the giant? I bet she didn't. If she did, then the story would end there!"
"You're right. The little girl never was one for doing what she was told."
"Uh-huh...?"
"As for the rest of the story, well, let's save that for next time."

### Additional Talk 34

Unknown Role (None): Let's take a rest.

Unknown Role (None): "Cater, tell me more of the story about the little girl!"
"Last time, we left off with the little girl living in the giant's garden..."
"I bet she leaves the giant's garden! But how does she get out of there...?"

Unknown Role (None): One day, the little girl heard the sound of a woman's voice coming from beyond the towering wall.
Kind-hearted giant, I am in need of the little purple flowers from your garden. Would you please give me some?
The giant refused, of course, and furiously bellowed at the woman on the other side of the garden wall to leave at once.
But the woman did not leave, and from a short distance away, she lamented that she had journeyed from afar for the little purple flowers in the garden, which she needed to cure a sick friend's illness.
Hearing the woman's plight, the little girl felt sorry for her and her friend. The giant had so many flowers in his garden. Surely having one or two less wouldn't hurt?

Unknown Role (None): Thus, the little girl approached the garden wall and whispered to the woman that she was willing to bring the woman a few of the little purple flowers. Except, the little girl said, the giant wouldn't let her leave, and the garden's walls were so tall that she wasn't sure how she would be able to get the flowers to her from inside.
From the other side of the wall, the woman told the little girl that she was actually a witch that knew many magic spells, and if the little girl could bring her the flowers she needed from the giant's garden, she could use her magic to help the little girl leave that garden...

Unknown Role (None): "Did the little girl decide to help the witch? Hmm... I bet she did. Otherwise, the witch wouldn't be able to cure her friend's illness, right? But... But the giant said she couldn't leave the garden. If she left, wouldn't she get punished somehow?"
"It's getting late. Let's leave that part of the story for next time."

### Additional Talk 35

Unknown Role (None): Let's rest.

Unknown Role (None): "Where we last left off, the witch told the little girl that she would use her magic to help her leave the giant's garden if the little girl brought her the little purple flowers she needed."
"I'm really sleepy, but I want to know what happens next. What did the little girl do? Does the witch cure her friend in the end?"

Unknown Role (None): Although the giant had warned the little girl of the many dangers of the world beyond the garden wall, the little girl had never seen what the outside world was like, so she didn't know what "danger" even was.
She told the voice on the other side of the wall that she would help bring her some of the little purple flowers. So many identical flowers were growing in the garden, and each looked as beautiful as the next. She didn't know why the giant treasured each and every one of them so.
The little girl heard laughter from the other side of the wall. Later, with a bouquet of flowers in her hands, the little girl rode a gust of wind over the wall to the world outside.

Unknown Role (None): The tall witch took the little purple flowers from the little girl's hands. The little girl, thinking she had done a good deed, was very pleased with herself. But when she tried to return to the garden, she discovered that the wall, the garden, and the giant were no longer there.
"Good witch, I'd like to return to the giant's garden now. Could you please use your magic to take me back?" The little girl asked.
"But what can you give me in exchange now?" The witch replied.

Unknown Role (None): "Huh? Then the little girl couldn't go back? I'm glad the witch could save her friend, but... I don't like this story..."
"Everyone has stories that they don't like."
"Then I'll tell you a story next time, Cater... I have to sleep now..."

### Additional Talk 36

Unknown Role (None): Let's rest for a bit.

Unknown Role (None): "It's my turn to tell a story! I've heard enough stories to tell one of my own now."
"Alright, you can be the storyteller this time."
"Okay. My story will also begin in the giant's garden..."

Unknown Role (None): Long, long ago, in a garden full of purple flowers, there lived a prince, a princess, and a brave hero... Oh! And the ruler of the garden — a giant with a nasty temper.
What the witch wanted more than anything were some of the purple flowers, but the mean giant treasured them so much that he wouldn't let anyone pick even a single one.
"Kind-hearted Mr. Giant," the witch asked, "I am in need of the little purple flowers from your garden. You have so many already, could you please share just one with me?"
But the mean giant refused. "Every flower in my garden belongs to me," the giant shouted, "I won't share them with anyone!"

Unknown Role (None): "Kind-hearted Mr. Giant," the witch continued, "please hear my tale. I traveled here from a fountain in a far-off, distant land. An Oceanid there has fallen ill, and the scent of those purple flowers brings her comfort. If you could give me just one of them, perhaps her condition will improve..."
But the giant, who didn't have an ounce of compassion in his heart, callously refused the witch's request. What did an Oceanid in a faraway land have to do with him?

Unknown Role (None): "Then," the witch asked, "is there anything I can do for you? I know many magic spells, and I could use my magic to help you with someone in exchange. Will you agree to my request, kind-hearted Mr. Giant?"
The giant thought it over, then said that he had lost something very important to him. If the witch could use her magic to help him find it...

Unknown Role (None): "So, they made a deal?"
"Yep! In the end, the witch's friend recovered and the giant found what he had lost. Isn't that a better story? At least in this story, everyone gets a happy ending..."

### Additional Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): There's something else I want to ask about.

### Additional Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): Let me think about it first.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing!

### Additional Talk 39

Unknown Role (None): Then let's get going.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

### Additional Talk 40

Unknown Role (None): I need a little more time.

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

### Additional Talk 41

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, let's go!

### Additional Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): Let's wait a little bit.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Then... Then I'll wait for you two here! Don't worry, I'm very patient!

### Additional Talk 43

Unknown Role (None): Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, let's go!

### Additional Talk 44

Unknown Role (None): "Ah! Why you... You she-devil! I remember now, I remember..."

Unknown Role (None): No no! You must face the audience when delivering the line, with 30% regret, 60% disgust, and 40% appreciation for having survived a catastrophe by sheer dumb luck.

Unknown Role (None): You should try adding up those percentages and seeing just what the total is...

Unknown Role (None): Don't mind that, just face the... Right, that chair is where the audience should be. You must look in that direction when saying the line...

Unknown Role (None): You have to imagine someone sitting over there!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Fine, I'll try again.