# Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): This should be the place Katheryne marked for us, but there seems to be nothing here...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Wait, there seems to be someone...

Unknown Role (None): Help! You over there! Don't just watch! Save me!

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): (All those signed documents from before. Now they lie here quietly, and will not object to anything.)

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): We're here. This is the Mary-Ann Memorial Park. Let's see if there are any assets that can be recovered in this area.

Unknown Role (None): This is a park, but it doesn't look like a park at all.

Unknown Role (None): When the explosion happened, this place was hit by the first shock waves, and most of the buildings here were destroyed.

Unknown Role (None): But there might've been some paper assets that survived the blast... That's what I'm hoping, anyway.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Let me see... Oh, there might be something under the storage drums over there.

Unknown Role (None): Is this pile of storage drums... also Institute property?

Unknown Role (None): I guess so, but we'll need to remove them to see if there are more valuable assets here.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): What's up with these meka monsters? Why do they move sometimes and stop moving at others!?

Unknown Role (None): I fear that anyone who could've answered your question is now... well, indisposed.

Unknown Role (None): #Let's hurry over to the Institute. Traveler needs to participate in the final qualification review, after all.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): This is the last Survey Anchor. Let's return to the Institute.

Unknown Role (None): I'm curious. Did any of the adventurers who responded to the recruitment come and get this kind of Survey Anchor?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, and there were quite a few. This Survey Anchor retrieval test is part of the qualification review.

Unknown Role (None): After the initial phase of the qualification review, they will try to make contact with the Survey Anchors under the supervision of Institute researchers.

Unknown Role (None): They...

Unknown Role (None): They consumed a lot of our antiemetics.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? Why are there so many meka here? We dismantled so many of them last time, didn't we?

Unknown Role (None): It seems that the explosion just now caused that Arkhium to release another wave of energy, which awakened another batch of clockwork meka...

Unknown Role (None): #Please do dismantle them, Traveler, and quickly, please.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! This big guy's moving! Gah, Paimon knew it would from the start!

Unknown Role (None): Edwin, you scoundrel! What did you do to this thing!?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, only you can turn it off now...

Unknown Role (None): But not to worry. There are only two Pneumousia Cores powering it right now, so it's only functioning at one-third of its full power!

Unknown Role (None): #That's easy for you to say. Paimon can barely fly like this! Be careful, Traveler!

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Huh... Just what kinda place is this, it's all run-down and shabby...

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Wait, it seems like there's someone over there...

Unknown Role (None): Help! You over there! Don't just watch! Save me!

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Sure enough... Not doing research any more was the correct decision...

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Nacker, you've finally come...

Unknown Role (None): We came across a little hiccup on the way. Never mind that. Have you retrieved the Survey Anchor yet?

Unknown Role (None): I was just about to bring that up with you. I don't know if it was due to the explosion, but the supporting tools that were kept here are all damaged.

Unknown Role (None): You should know, if you don't use the proper tools to retrieve the Anchors, you will be subject to being struck by high-intensity Arkhium energy flows...

Unknown Role (None): Oh... intense energy flow from the Arkhium, got it...

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? I... What I just said was just... I—I didn't...

Unknown Role (None): Relax, sweetie. You were merely speaking the truth. It's not like you offended anyone.

Unknown Role (None): What Ms. Chalmet said was indeed the truth. I hope that I can say the same for what you shall write.

Unknown Role (None): Whenever the truth is placed right before me, I never pretend that it's not there. That would be a mistake.

Unknown Role (None): Is that so? Well, it takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.

Unknown Role (None): It's clear they're not having an argument with each other, but why does Paimon still feel like the vibe is even scarier than if they were...

Unknown Role (None): Hurry and think of something, almighty Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? Why Paimon? Um... Um... how about we just get down to business!?

Unknown Role (None): Let's... deal with the Survey Anchor first, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): You're right. Ms. Chalmet, let's go examine the Anchor.

Unknown Role (None): O—Okay then. That said, the area where it's located is still blocked. I'll go ahead and open those ports and unblock it...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, as I recall, you were an adventurer who came for the recruitment, yes? Well... when assisting our Institute in its work, you'll sometimes be required to carry out certain... precise operations.

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to see your practical capabilities first. Could you please go and help Ms. Chalmet operate the Energy Transfer Terminal to clear the area where the Survey Anchor is of obstructions?

Unknown Role (None): I guess I could...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks she's heard of this story somewhere before! It's something like... "Your test began the moment you set foot in this area"!

Unknown Role (None): So, the review has already begun?

Unknown Role (None): You could say that. If you pass the final review, then we'll do a detailed competency assessment for you.

Unknown Role (None): After all, everybody excels at different things, and the work they can take on also differs.

Unknown Role (None): And so their compensation will differ as well?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! How very blunt of you, but you're not wrong.

Unknown Role (None): #Ooh! Then we've got to show them our worth, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Just treat this as an early assessment. Ms. Chalmet is over there. She'll explain to you how to operate the Terminal.

Unknown Role (None): Please follow her instructions and unblock the area as soon as you can. I'll be watching you from the side.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Maybe my original documentation for the design of Fonta is in the ruins!

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, how did it feel for you to be that close to a Survey Anchor?

Unknown Role (None): If you feel any discomfort, then let me know immediately! I'll help you get the truth out there, even if Mr. Nacker tries to hide it.

## Talk 14

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405327 could not be retrieved

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): You... actually managed to retrieve the Survey Anchor without any instruments, like it was nothing.

Unknown Role (None): That's amazing. The last time, we needed at least three of us acting together to retrieve an Anchor.

Unknown Role (None): Haha! I'm most certain that you're exactly the talent we've been looking for. With your help, all of our work is going to go much more smoothly.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'll keep it for now. Let's leave this place and report back to the institute post-haste.

Unknown Role (None): Hang on, where's Ms. Chronie? Paimon doesn't see her anywhere...

Unknown Role (None): She was feeling nauseous, so she stayed up there to rest.

Unknown Role (None): But don't worry, she's already taken her medicine. She just needs a little time...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Ms. Chronie, what are you doing here...

Unknown Role (None): A bunch of meka monsters suddenly showed up outside! They're on my heels, about to storm in!

Unknown Role (None): Well, thank you for that!

Unknown Role (None): Leave it to me.

Unknown Role (None): #Look out, Traveler! Over there!

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): The Central Laboratory ruins exploded? ...Just what happened?

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405381 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Hello! Mr. Nacker has already told me that you're here to learn how to operate the Energy Transfer Terminal. Is that right?

Unknown Role (None): I've written the operating instructions down for you. Feel free to take a look at them.

Unknown Role (None): Um... good luck with your assessment.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Uh-oh! What do we do?

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Did the Institute expect this to happen...?

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): Alright, there seems to really not be anything of value here... It's time to move on.

Unknown Role (None): A researcher who once worked together with Edwin Eastinghouse is now kicking storage drums around in a junk heap...

Unknown Role (None): Meanwhile, the Fontaine Research Institute still complains about being short-handed, huh... The way these researchers go about things is truly unfathomable.

Unknown Role (None): Everybody's worth is reflected in different ways, and "kicking storage drums" is my way of doing so these days.

Unknown Role (None): But I've heard that prior to Edwin's big screw-up, you had quite some sway in the Institute. Some might even say that you were... second only to Edwin himself.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? You were that powerful!?

Unknown Role (None): That no longer means anything. Now I'm merely someone who was fortunate to survive this project, and one of the culprits who turned the Central Laboratory into what it is today.

Unknown Role (None): This is the only information I can offer you, Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I believe that was plenty. Let me write that down. Huh? Where are my pen and notebook? My whole bag disappeared...

Unknown Role (None): I put it right next to a strange-looking meka just now. Where did they go?

Unknown Role (None): You mean... the one behind you?

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): H—Help!

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): #Phew... luckily Traveler was here. These were probably the clockwork meka that the Institute used before to monitor energy flow, as they're equipped with Arkhium energy flow monitoring devices.

Unknown Role (None): Although they're now out of control, they still automatically converged here upon detecting the energy flow from Arkhium...

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Nacker, should the Fontaine Research Institute be held accountable for these out-of-control meka in the wilds?

Unknown Role (None): I don't object to that at all. They should be held accountable...

Unknown Role (None): Oh?

Unknown Role (None): If you truly have a way to have those buried in the ground rise up and speak again.

Unknown Role (None): Also, I sincerely suggest that you stay here and rest, Ms. Chronie. Mr. Choiseul and Raimondo are at the Institute's new site, and they aren't going anywhere.

Unknown Role (None): Once you're feeling better, then you can go and interview them.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You felt so sick that you could barely even stand. Don't push yourself too hard.

Unknown Role (None): Your health is essential.

Unknown Role (None): No... I can't. Interviewing Choiseul is the final step, not the beginning.

Unknown Role (None): That's why I'm following Mr. Nacker around... I... I want to experience everything firsthand and get tangible evidence.

Unknown Role (None): I have to question Choiseul with evidence in hand. That way, he won't be able to beat around the bush like last time.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, and lo and behold, I've now personally experienced this so-called "harmless" Arkhium energy flow, no?

Unknown Role (None): Once I get to the Fontaine Research Institute, I'm definitely going to uncover all... all of the hidden truths...

Unknown Role (None): ...*sigh* I truly admire your professionalism, Ms. Chronie, but are you sure you'll be able to make it the rest of the way there?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I'll be right behind you guys. I'm a reporter, after all.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): If I may, Mr. Nacker, could you explain what would happen if someone were to be directly hit by intense energy flowing from Arkhium?

Unknown Role (None): Coma, subcutaneous bleeding, vomiting, and so on. Would you like me to list them all one by one?

Unknown Role (None): If the Survey Anchors really are that dangerous, why would you place them in a room? You know, it feels like you're... placing a coffee maker.

Unknown Role (None): I've already repeatedly emphasized that as long as you follow operating procedures correctly, you should not be at any risk of direct contact with said energy flows!

Unknown Role (None): As for why they're locked up in a room... Well, it's to prevent certain idiots from taking any Anchors away without authorization, of course.

Unknown Role (None): They have no idea how they work and just figure that they might sell some shiny things for a profit.

Unknown Role (None): We've hung up signs, distributed flyers, and even specially organized a lecture to try to tell everyone that not only were they worthless, but they could also do you harm.

Unknown Role (None): However, the Anchors continue to be stolen, and thus we've had no choice but to lock them up in a room... This is the truth. Are you happy now?

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Raimondo, nothing could go wrong here, right?

Unknown Role (None): Everything is running according to the set orbit, Choiseul. Round and round it goes, without any errors.

Unknown Role (None): Error-free everything might be, but I'm just worried about getting dizzy...

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Choiseul, Mr. Raimondo.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Nacker! It's great to see you. Have you taken care of those Survey Anchors?

Unknown Role (None): I trust that you've done as you always have — complete your tasks to perfection.

Unknown Role (None): I have. Allow me to give you two a brief report...

Unknown Role (None): #With Traveler's assistance, the Anchor was successfully retrieved without any equipment.

Unknown Role (None): That's unbelievable! You were able to retrieve one without the use of any instruments? Goodness! Thank heavens.

Unknown Role (None): The entire Institute right now only has three complete sets of such equipment, and I was honestly worried as to how we might retrieve the Anchors as soon as possible.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't really do anything special...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... It felt just like any other commission that we've done!

Unknown Role (None): No, no, for you to have retrieved an Anchor at all is special enough as-is.

Unknown Role (None): It was nothing compared to other things I've been through.

Unknown Role (None): Is there any critical data in the Anchor, Mr. Choiseul?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, of course not...

Unknown Role (None): ...some insignificant data, Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): I agree with you. After all, there's no way for insignificant data to radiate with harmful Arkhium energy flows, is there?

Unknown Role (None): E—Energy flow? I mean, uh... Of course! It's necessary... and must exist... as a technological means of preserving the...

Unknown Role (None): What I'd really like to know is... Why the Fontaine Research Institute would place these Survey Anchors to monitor the Arkhium energy flow after the explosion?

Unknown Role (None): Certainly. Obviously, these Survey Anchors are... Uh... used for monitoring...

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie talks so fast! Like...

Unknown Role (None): A Dendro Slime on fire.

Unknown Role (None): A Whopperflower spitting fireballs.

Unknown Role (None): Allow me to be more specific. How exactly is the Fontaine Research Institute planning to deal with this explosion?

Unknown Role (None): Uh... yes, I was just about to answer that question. This was an excellent question to ask, as many people... are concerned about it...

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie, I am so delighted that you've come to visit again. I must stress on behalf of Mr. Choiseul that the institute has never changed its solution to the explosion.

Unknown Role (None): Once we have recovered all of the retrievable research assets at the old site, we will demolish the old Central Laboratory and do our best to restore the area's natural environment to its original state.

Unknown Role (None): By the Central Laboratory, you mean that building floating in the air? How are you going to demolish a building like that?

Unknown Role (None): Shoot it down with a cannon?

Unknown Role (None): Blow it up, just like before?

Unknown Role (None): Of course we shan't be using such crude and simple solutions. This demolition will utilize our newly-researched "Experimental Field Generator."

Unknown Role (None): This device can deactivate the Gravity-Altering Field that surrounds the Institute's ruins and land them on the ground safely...

Unknown Role (None): But wasn't this device also within said ruins? And wasn't it also a work of Edwin Eastinghouse that used... Arkhium as its energy source...?

Unknown Role (None): So, based on what you're saying, the Fontaine Research Institute is still unwilling to give up this "harmless" Arkhium project, yes?

Unknown Role (None): I think they're not giving it up so easily.

Unknown Role (None): Y—You've been keeping up with what she's saying?

Unknown Role (None): Nope, I just repeated her last sentence.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Have you been doing this to pretend that you understand what's going on?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, anyways, the Fontaine Research Institute is still trying to do dangerous stuff in dangerous ways, right?

Unknown Role (None): A great summary, Ms. Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): If we're discussing uncontrolled risks, well, even walking on a road may be dangerous. Also, you should note that the energy source we're using is the completely new and stable Tri-State Arkhium.

Unknown Role (None): How does that differ from normal Arkhium? Does the new word in front of it mean anything? This, to me, seems like a purely rhetorical maneuver.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure Mr. Choiseul would be happy to have an in-depth conversation with you about grammar, but I've left Mr. Nacker hanging for too long. And really that's just impolite.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Nacker, I trust that you've done everything that I've asked?

Unknown Role (None): #With Traveler's help, everything couldn't have gone any better.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hmm, is this an adventurer who came for recruitment?

Unknown Role (None): Nacker recounts to Raimondo everything that happened, emphasizing the amazing talent you displayed when retrieving the Survey Anchor. He also briefly touches on Chronie's ironclad professionalism as well as the severe vomiting reaction she had. From the joking look on Nacker's face, there seems to be no ill-intent in his jest about the committed reporter... or so you assume.

Unknown Role (None): #...That is rare. Extremely rare. I'm delighted that you're applying for work at the Institute, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): After hundreds of years of bad luck, we're finally catching a break... I'm confident that you'll be of great help to us.

Unknown Role (None): Here are the documents I signed...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, leave them over there. Don't worry about them.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Aren't you going to take a look at them? We spent ages on them, and Mr. Desnos also took them very seriously...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, these documents definitely have their uses. They certainly help us weed idiots out, at least.

Unknown Role (None): As for you, however... I believe that your good qualities go far beyond what they can summarize. So let's leave them alone for now.

Unknown Role (None): So, are you saying we passed the review?

Unknown Role (None): Without a doubt, yes.

Unknown Role (None): I will personally prepare the contract and notice that you'll need to sign for follow-up work. Until then... Mr. Nacker?

Unknown Role (None): Yes?

Unknown Role (None): While Ms. Chronie appears to be having a discussion about energy safety with Mr. Choiseul...

Unknown Role (None): #How about you take Traveler to retrieve the last two Survey Anchors?

Unknown Role (None): The energy flow control operations are nearing completion, all that's left is to compile the data. *sigh* Oh well, at least it's under control...

Unknown Role (None): ...Are you guys heading somewhere else? I'll come along too!

Unknown Role (None): This reporter lady sure has pretty good ears...

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Oh my Archon! Why did it explode again?

## Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Raimondo, the survey anchors have all been retrieved.

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we've really got the right person for the job this time. Put them over here. Someone will come and handle them.

Unknown Role (None): #Now... let us get down to business. Come over here please, Traveler. There are some documents you'll need to sign.

Unknown Role (None): Th—They're so thick! Why are there so many documents!?

Unknown Role (None): Because no matter how one looks at it, escorting a researcher into the ruins of the Fontaine Research Institute and then landing said ruins shall be no small matter.

Unknown Role (None): And since it is such an important matter, it is only natural for us to explain every detail to the one carrying out the work.

Unknown Role (None): Who am I escorting?

Unknown Role (None): Why that'd be Mr. Nacker, of course. Across the entire Institute, there's no one better suited than him to deal with the Central Laboratory ruins.

Unknown Role (None): I request that I accompany Mr. Nacker.

Unknown Role (None): What? Uh, I think...

Unknown Role (None): ...This is a terrific proposal.

Unknown Role (None): Choiseul, did you forget what we mentioned when we came up with the plan? We must keep the public informed about the rebuilding of the Institute with the utmost transparency.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... that's right! The new Fontaine Research Institute has nothing to hide. Edwin made some mistakes, but we're past that now.

Unknown Role (None): Please go report on it. Go to the ruins of the Institute and see the mistakes Edwin Eastinghouse made.

Unknown Role (None): Looking back again, the Institute now is just what we've been working toward, the cause we stand for! But allow me to emphasize once again that...

Unknown Role (None): And here we go again... Paimon's about to fall asleep...

Unknown Role (None): I truly admire how much you guys have to say.

Unknown Role (None): Not to mention how every sentence seems to magically make people fall asleep... Paimon's already feeling sleepy from just half a sentence...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe you should call me after you're done talking...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, this doesn't have anything to do with us — and this is a good time for a break, anyway.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, it's important business. So please, come this way...

Unknown Role (None): Under Raimondo's guidance, you sign many complicated documents. Thanks to your prior experience, you finish signing them before you know it this time...

Unknown Role (None): #...Alright, that should be all of them. Thank you, Traveler. You are now an Externally Contracted Assistant Researcher for the Fontaine Research Institute.

Unknown Role (None): What about Paimon? Does Paimon get any title?

Unknown Role (None): You're my important assistant, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Assistant... Ugh, that just doesn't sound cool...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Don't worry. Assistants play an absolutely critical role within the Institute.

Unknown Role (None): But let us get back to business, shall we? Things right now in the Institute are... rather complicated. The matters you'll be dealing with are also urgent, so I won't keep you for much longer.

Unknown Role (None): While you're on the way, Mr. Nacker will inform you of some things to note, as well as what you will actually need to do.

Unknown Role (None): The rest is up to you now. A lot rests on your shoulders, Mr. Nacker.

Unknown Role (None): #...Well then, please follow me, Traveler. We must get to the ruins.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing!

Unknown Role (None): Don't forget me!

Unknown Role (None): Yes, and you. How could I possibly forget you?

## Talk 27

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405336 could not be retrieved

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): #Come on, Traveler, Ms. Chronie, this way.

Unknown Role (None): ...So, you mean we're going to delve into this... this... uh, this patch of water?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. With the help of this "allogravity-condensed water," we can ascend the ruins of the Institute safely and efficiently.

Unknown Role (None): If you don't wish to do it that way, you may also go to the opposite bank and glide in from the highest mountain using a wind glider.

Unknown Role (None): Forget it. I... I'm not that good at using a wind glider, and I'm not really... used to heights, either.

Unknown Role (None): Very well. Now I'll go over a few things to keep in mind when it comes to allogravity-condensed water.

Unknown Role (None): Nacker details considerations when making use of said allogravity-condensed water.

Unknown Role (None): So in a nutshell, it's the same as when swimming or diving.

Unknown Role (None): I feel like this is more "flying or diving."

Unknown Role (None): I suppose you could call it "anti-gravity diving" if you had to.

Unknown Role (None): Diving in midair will be quite a novelty.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, please do enjoy experiencing it for yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Is everybody ready? Ms. Chronie, you can still back out now if you'd like, and simply wait here for us to return.

Unknown Role (None): Reporters never back down. I'll be right behind you guys! I'll... try to, anyway...

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, if you insist. Let's get going now.

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Why do you think Nacker stole the core?

Unknown Role (None): Do you still remember when I was flipping through the pictures Ms. Chronie took in the ruins?

Unknown Role (None): There's one of Nacker working in front of the suppression device. It's quite blurry... but I'm quite certain that his actions are definitely not part of any operational procedure.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't really mean anything, though. Maybe... maybe a thief came flying across from the nearby mountain and stole the core?

Unknown Role (None): Heh, that's most definitely impossible. The energy flow of the Arkhium in the ruins is the best anti-theft measure there is. No ordinary person can withstand it.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, the timing of the Experimental Field Generator's activation is simply too perfect. It cannot be a mere coincidence...

Unknown Role (None): I have a preliminary conjecture. Nacker — or should I say, the one who stole the core — likely removed the Arkhium Kinetic Core early on, activating the backup energy source.

Unknown Role (None): However, Pneumousia Cores are relatively inefficient energy sources, and they have to keep up a continuous output of energy to reach the activation threshold of this contraption here.

Unknown Role (None): Hence, this person intentionally activated that large Arkhium chunk, creating a modest, but rather noticeable explosion.

Unknown Role (None): This way, when the Institute sent someone to investigate, they would be certain to fix the Arkhium Inhibitor first.

Unknown Role (None): And by the time they realized that they'd have to go to the Experimental Field Generator to retrieve the backup energy supply, the Generator would have already finished charging.

Unknown Role (None): From a technical perspective, such a modus operandi is highly probable, and those within the Institute capable of doing this would only be Edwin, Mr. Nacker, and myself.

Unknown Role (None): I doubt Edwin had the opportunity to do anything to that effect... which leaves two remaining suspects. Myself, and Mr. Nacker.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe this was all your doing, then.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You said that Nacker lied, but you've also been lying all along!

Unknown Role (None): Maybe this was all just part of your plan, and you tricked us into escorting you here so you could grab whatever it was you wanted.

Unknown Role (None): Your accusation is not entirely baseless. After this, I will also apply for and submit myself to the Institute's credibility review.

Unknown Role (None): As far as I'm concerned, though, Mr. Nacker is the one more likely to have committed this act. If this really was his doing, then he should be the one with the most to gain from it.

Unknown Role (None): Even if I am listed alongside him as a suspect... his chances of being convicted are certainly greater than mine.

## Talk 30

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405341 could not be retrieved

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): How suspicious...

Unknown Role (None): What's suspicious? Show me too!

Unknown Role (None): Hi, Ms. Chronie!

Unknown Role (None): #Oh! Traveler, you gave me a fright. How are you able to walk around without making any noise?

Unknown Role (None): You were just too focused! Speaking of it, you followed us all the way here. Have you managed to find anything?

Unknown Role (None): Not really. Since Mr. Nacker said all that, I don't really want to get in trouble.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, all I could take pictures of were these dilapidated houses, broken rocks, and a motionless machine...

Unknown Role (None): I bet I would be able to take photos of a big scoop if I could fly in the air just like you can, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Why be a reporter if you can fly?

Unknown Role (None): I was born to do this. It's the reason I exist.

Unknown Role (None): I, too, am very sure of that, Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): What? You're also able to walk without making any noise? Is this a new technology the Institute's developed?

Unknown Role (None): #Unfortunately, we don't teach walking courses. I've already completed all the preparations, in any case. Traveler, please take Ms. Chronie back to the Institute.

Unknown Role (None): Once the Experimental Field Generator is activated, it will rapidly change the gravity in the surrounding area.

Unknown Role (None): I've been through professional training, and I know what to do in this situation.

Unknown Role (None): For your safety, it would be best if you stay away from here.

Unknown Role (None): And how are you going to get down?

Unknown Role (None): You don't need to worry about me. Mr. Edwin taught me how to use the Generator personally.

Unknown Role (None): No one in the Institute can control this big guy as freely as I can... Not even Raimondo.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Guess we'll have to leave it to a professional then. Be careful!

Unknown Role (None): Go now. We'll meet again on the surface.

## Talk 32

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405342 could not be retrieved

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes I really don't get why the Institute had to design the support clockwork meka to look like humans.

Unknown Role (None): Just from the perspective of supporting research, hands and feet are far worse than tracking and multifunctional clockwork meka apertures.

Unknown Role (None): What's this rock?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, this is the Arkhium that supplies energy to the Experimental Field Generator.

Unknown Role (None): What restrains it is the energy supply device created by Mr. Edwin. See this here? This circuit connects to the Generator.

Unknown Role (None): Of all the inert Arkhium we found, this one was the best in terms of purity and stability.

Unknown Role (None): And then boom it went.

Unknown Role (None): That came down to Mr. Edwin. I trust that this wasn't the cause, or at least, it shouldn't take all the blame.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa... I—It's not gonna blow up again, is it?

Unknown Role (None): When that happens, I'm gonna need you to take us to the skies, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't have super strength! But... if it really does blow up, then P—Paimon could give it a shot...

Unknown Role (None): When that happens, let's jump into the water below.

Unknown Role (None): Jumping into water from a high place such as this is gonna hurt when we, y'know, "splash"...

Unknown Role (None): Worst case scenario, P—Paimon will tug on your clothes and help to absorb the impact...?

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, don't worry. Now that Mr. Edwin's not around, we're completely safe.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'm about to use Raimondo's catalyst to transform this Arkhium into Tri-State Arkhium and activate that big fellow outside.

Unknown Role (None): Then, these ruins should be able to safely land on the ground.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, could you please help me take some photos in the area? I need to use them as evidence for my work record.

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you just say taking photos wasn't allowed?

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. These will be used for reference in the Institute and won't be distributed.

Unknown Role (None): Unless you secretly keep a few for yourself... which I trust you won't do.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right, and when you're taking photos, please look for Ms. Chronie while doing so. I've got no idea where she's run off to... or where she's hiding.

Unknown Role (None): I really don't want to start the Generator only to suddenly find a lady tossed into midair.

## Talk 34

Unknown Role (None): Readings are normal... Looks like everything's fine, and we shouldn't come across any hiccups...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, once you're done taking photos, please go find Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): I'll come to find you guys when I've finished making adjustments here.

## Talk 35

Unknown Role (None): My goodness, was this also predicted? Oh my...

## Talk 36

Unknown Role (None): What happened? How did it explode again...

## Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! You're back. How's the work coming along?

Unknown Role (None): Everything's going swimmingly.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine.

Unknown Role (None): There are still some finishing touches that "ought to be left to a professional," so Mr. Nacker is still up there.

Unknown Role (None): I feel like I haven't really contributed that much...

Unknown Role (None): #Don't say that. You're our safety rope! Without you, dear Traveler, how could we have dared let Mr. Nacker go up there by himself? It could be said that the trip was a brilliant success.

Unknown Role (None): There were other benefits as well. Ms. Chronie's managed to photograph some... thought-provoking images, that she would like to ask me about. And a few of those pictures should prove even more "interesting" for Mr. Nacker.

Unknown Role (None): Let's not talk about that for now. Come, let us take a photo together. Monsieur Choiseul will also need to present you with a certificate and an honorary title.

Unknown Role (None): Honorary title?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, ooh, and what about Paimon? Paimon... will also get a promotion from assistant, right!?

Unknown Role (None): #Uh, seeing as... you're Traveler's companion, then I guess you could join in on the photo. As for the title...

Unknown Role (None): So there's no honorary title for Paimon, then?

Unknown Role (None): Honorary titles must remain limited in quantity and stay relatively rare. Otherwise, how would we get sponsors and support through awarding them?

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Alright then...

Unknown Role (None): Then allow me to award Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): The honorary title of "Best Companion."

Unknown Role (None): The honorary title of "Best Travel Guide."

Unknown Role (None): A super awesome title!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, just what kind of nonsense titles are those! ...Hmph, we're already best buddies, Paimon doesn't need a title for that!

Unknown Role (None): #You better make Traveler's really awesome!

Unknown Role (None): Of course. This honorary title is of the highest standing. Besides, haven't you also been promoted to Assistant to the Honorary Senior Researcher? Come on, let's get that photo taken.

Unknown Role (None): An assistant's still an assistant, no matter how many words you put after it...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's take the photo. This is an occasion to remember.

Unknown Role (None): Monsieur Choiseul, you're...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, looks like he's having a nice conversation with Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): ...Hence, this operation is a stepping stone to rebuilding the Institute. We can do it, and it is our duty to do so, as it has always been!

Unknown Role (None): As for the former site of the Institute, we will keep it preserved forever and rebuild it as the Fontaine Research Institute Safety Education Center.

Unknown Role (None): ...I think I've just about had enough.

Unknown Role (None): #I'm certain that everybody has benefited from your speech, Monsieur Choiseul. But now's the time to take a photo together with Traveler, wouldn't you say?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, of course! We must take a photo and mark this occasion with our dear Honorary Senior Researcher of the Fontaine Research Institute!

Unknown Role (None): Please give us a second, Ms. Chronie. This shouldn't take too long.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, don't worry. It's not like the things you said just now weren't all cliches anyway.

Unknown Role (None): Weren't you guys going to take a photo together? I just so happen to have a Kamera with me. Please go and stand in position.

Unknown Role (None): I traveled a long way to get here, so please at least make it worth the trip, okay?

## Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): This... What's this large plate?

Unknown Role (None): That's the Experimental Field Generator that Mr. Edwin developed.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Didn't it already blow up? It looks perfectly fine now.

Unknown Role (None): The thing that exploded wasn't this machine but the Arkhium ore that powers its core driver, the Arkhium Kinetic Core.

Unknown Role (None): This thing... Will it suddenly start moving by itself?

Unknown Role (None): Relax. This big guy can't move now that it's lost its power supply.

Unknown Role (None): But didn't Raimondo say that we needed to use it to make the ruins descend? If it can't move...

Unknown Role (None): Only a part of it will be activated. The Tri-State Arkhium can only support its operation at half speed, but that should be enough to relieve the abnormal gravity state the Central Laboratory ruins are in.

Unknown Role (None): Er... Paimon doesn't understand that at all...

Unknown Role (None): What do you need us to do?

Unknown Role (None): Please follow me. The place where we will need to work is in the back.

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie, please stay here. Some areas in the back contain Insitute secrets, and you're not allowed to have any exposure to them.

Unknown Role (None): I can see that "back" of yours from here. What secrets could be hidden inside?

Unknown Role (None): I have no idea either. That's why you're definitely not allowed inside.

Unknown Role (None): What nonsense!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, please wait here. If you take photos randomly, you might capture something related to Institute secrets.

Unknown Role (None): For example... the, um... formula for the sugar-free berry-flavored Fonta. This new Fonta product is quite important to the Institute.

Unknown Role (None): If you leak any information of it to the outside world, you'll need to undergo a one-month confidential investigation and must report to the Maison Gestion at the Palais Mermonia three times every day and be questioned...

Unknown Role (None): Of course, you'll need to stop your journalistic work.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, don't worry. Even if I get taken away by the Palais Mermonia for questioning, it will only be because I've uncovered the secret you're hiding.

Unknown Role (None): I won't let myself be forced to stop working for a reason as absurd as leaking some Fonta formula.

Unknown Role (None): I admire your work ethic. I hope everything goes well with your photo-taking.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, let's go. There's still work for us to do.

## Talk 39

Unknown Role (None): The backup medicine is also nearly finished. I'll go back and get more from the Institute later...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, do we even have any medicine left...?

## Talk 40

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405349 could not be retrieved

## Talk 41

Unknown Role (None): Uh... was that an... explosion just now?

Unknown Role (None): What else could it have been...

Unknown Role (None): We're just taking a photo together. Is such a ceremonious greeting necessary?

Unknown Role (None): I... don't believe that was an explosion. All things considered, uh... it was probably a controllable...

Unknown Role (None): That was an explosion! Paimon was nearly blown away just now. If not, what else could it have been!?

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Choiseul! Could you please explain this to us. Was this something that you had anticipated?

Unknown Role (None): I... uh... I must say, you asked a... very good question, a very... excellent one... as... many people are wondering the same thing.

Unknown Role (None): ...The color of these bodies of water. Could it be that the condenser components are already in...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, Nacker hasn't come down yet!

Unknown Role (None): ...You're right, he hasn't returned yet.

Unknown Role (None): #Let's not delay, Traveler. We need to go now.

Unknown Role (None): Wait! I want to go too! The truth behind this explosion...

Unknown Role (None): Please do not act rashly, Miss Reporter. If you dip one of your toes into that water, you'll be saying goodbye to this world within a minute.

Unknown Role (None): Don't scare me!

Unknown Role (None): Would you! Please! Just! Stay! Here!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, according to your previous experience, the energy flow that remains in these bodies of water shouldn't affect you too much.

Unknown Role (None): Please get to the ruins as quickly as you can. I'll find my own way up, and I'll meet you there.

Unknown Role (None): Your own way?

Unknown Role (None): I have my ways. After the explosion, I was among one of the first up there to conduct disaster investigation and evaluation.

Unknown Role (None): Things at that time were much more complicated than they are now... Anyway, enough talk. Let's get moving. Hopefully, Mr. Nacker won't meet the same fate that Edwin did...

## Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): It's over, it's all over now...

## Talk 43

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405334 could not be retrieved

## Talk 44

Unknown Role (None): Excellent work, the lock has been opened! Your abilities to quickly grasp the mechanics and execute are both outstanding, and your value far exceeds the vast majority of those who participate in experiments. I will truthfully report your performance as such.

Unknown Role (None): So what's next... Whoa! Ms. Chronie, what's gotten into you?

Unknown Role (None): Um... Ugh! I suddenly... feel like I'm gonna throw up... Ugh!

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie, please, drink this medicine. Exposed Survey Anchors radiate with Arkhium energy traces, and the place we are in now has also been affected somewhat.

Unknown Role (None): However, this energy level won't leave permanent adverse effects on the body. Just take this medicine and you'll be fine.

Unknown Role (None): Blech! It tastes terrible. Forget it. I guess this is also a kind of first-hand experience...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, these two bottles are for the two of you. Please drink them quickly.

Unknown Role (None): I'm feeling fine. Let Paimon drink it.

Unknown Role (None): But Paimon isn't feeling any discomfort either... Plus, the medicine doesn't taste so good, right? Um, Paimon would rather not take it...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, but I'm not feeling any discomfort at all...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon neither!

Unknown Role (None): Really? That's really quite interesting, and is completely at odds with the results of the "Applications of Arkhium Risk Report: 3rd Edition." We all should have been affected by the same amount of Arkhium energy...

Unknown Role (None): Harrumph! We're constantly journeying over mountains and seas... We're way stronger than the people you've got working here!

Unknown Role (None): Correction: You can now assume that all of the Fontaine Research Institute's staff are now working out in the open, beneath the sun and stars. Your report might consider mentioning the difficult work conditions we are enduring, Ms. Chronie.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! I've been wronged without having been notified in advance! The Steambird won't just let this go!

Unknown Role (None): #Putting this all aside, you clearly have an extremely strong innate tolerance of the energy flow, Traveler. If so, you are certainly the best candidate to assist the Institute, without question.

Unknown Role (None): Please approach the storage room, and report any dizziness, nausea, itchiness, or any other discomfort you feel during the process.

Unknown Role (None): #Hold on there! Are you using Traveler as a guinea pig? Without fulfilling your obligation to inform him of the risks first?

Unknown Role (None): #It is clearly stated in "Institute (abbr.) Externally Contracted Employee Agreement, Appendix C.41," which he signed!

Unknown Role (None): Prior to being officially employed, the applicant shall be subject to a harmless Arkhium energy flow tolerance test, and the Institute has the right to terminate the contract based upon the results of said test.

Unknown Role (None): I hate reading text.

Unknown Role (None): Who the heck reads all that!?

Unknown Role (None): You chose not to exercise your right to read the text, but each document was clearly marked, "Please sign your name after carefully reading the document and making sure there are no mistakes."

Unknown Role (None): However, seeing as you seem completely unaffected by the energy flow... I believe you may be just the person we're looking for.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, let's get down to business. Take three steps toward the storage room, then hold still for thirty seconds.

Unknown Role (None): You follow Nacker's series of complicated instructions and slowly approach the storage room at a steady pace.
However, just like before, you don't feel any discomfort.

Unknown Role (None): We've gone this far, but Paimon still doesn't feel anything. Do you feel any discomfort?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! My head! It feels like it's gonna explode!

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? What's wrong? Traveler, are you alright!?

Unknown Role (None): Pfft...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, okay, that was good acting! You nearly fooled Paimon there, sheesh... But...

Unknown Role (None): I'm feeling the same as always.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that's a relief, then. Paimon was worrying about how she'd carry you out of here if you were to suddenly pass out.

Unknown Role (None): Although, we've come all this way, and we can't see Nacker or the others anymore, and it doesn't seem like we can hear them either. What do we do next?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knows! Maybe they'll chuck some sort of box in here and communicate with us through that!

Unknown Role (None): That would be quite handy.

Unknown Role (None): Do they even have technology that cool?

Unknown Role (None): We'll find out soon enough! Heh, Paimon can't wait to see what kind of cool gadgets they might use to communicate with us...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! Can you hear me!?

Unknown Role (None): Oh! So they rely on the technology of shouting really loud!

Unknown Role (None): I can hear you!

Unknown Role (None): (Shh...)

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing!? Stop joking around at a time like this!

Unknown Role (None): We can hear you!

Unknown Role (None): Do you guys feel any discomfort!?

Unknown Role (None): Everything's good!

Unknown Role (None): That's great! Please continue on to the Survey Anchor. You should be able to see it now!

Unknown Role (None): Once you retrieve it, it will temporarily fall into a dormant state and stop radiating energy, and then we'll be able to come in! *cough*... Ahem...

Unknown Role (None): Be careful! If you feel uncomfortable, then we'll get out of here.

## Talk 45

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405376 could not be retrieved

## Talk 46

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405333 could not be retrieved

## Talk 47

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405353 could not be retrieved

## Talk 48

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405354 could not be retrieved

## Talk 49

Unknown Role (None): It looks like the Arkhium overloaded, and that the cooling mechanism is also damaged. Nacker... What have you done here exactly?

Unknown Role (None): This was my fault. I didn't think that Nacker would still be unsatisfied, despite all the benefits I gave him...

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Benefits? Wait a second...

Unknown Role (None): Why are you looking at me like that? Did he say anything to you?

Unknown Role (None): You tell Raimondo of your encounters with Nacker, and his attitudes toward various matters...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... Sweet talk! Did he tell you guys, then, that it was people like him — Edwin's successors — who are reaping the benefits of this mess by stealing all kinds of information and selling it for a fortune?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You guys are telling completely different stories. Paimon doesn't know who to believe anymore. If only he were here, then we could find out the truth. Paimon doesn't see him at all, though...

Unknown Role (None): If he's not here, where could he have gone?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe he successfully escaped.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe he's already...

Unknown Role (None): I don't think he was killed at the very least... I'll explain why later. For now, though, we must stabilize this Arkhium as quickly as we can.

Unknown Role (None): The suppression system shut down, and the ore is presently in an excited state. That is what caused the explosion.

Unknown Role (None): What caused the explosion? But this big rock doesn't look blown up at all.

Unknown Role (None): I don't understand...

Unknown Role (None): Alright... I agree that this is indeed quite difficult to understand. I'll explain it in simpler terms for you... I guess I have no choice now.

Unknown Role (None): The Experimental Field Generator that Edwin created is extremely powerful and can manipulate gravity... This I believe you know already.

Unknown Role (None): After the explosion, all the Arkhium in the institute shattered into fragments. Among these fragments, many of them could have turned into an excited state and triggered an explosion at any time.

Unknown Role (None): With the use of Gravity Fields... they were all restrained and gathered... beneath our feet.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... huh? Then... this ruin is a...

Unknown Role (None): Super-huge, ready-to-explode piece of Arkhium!?

Unknown Role (None): S—So you guys did all this... not because you wanted to retrieve assets, but because you were scared this place would explode again!?

Unknown Role (None): ...That's just one of the objectives of this operation. But right now, our priority is to retrieve the condensing components that fell into the water and restart the suppression device.

Unknown Role (None): There is also Arkhium inside those components, and the intense energy flow has likely caused... unpredictable changes to the water bodies.

Unknown Role (None): Forgive me, but I'm really not capable of retrieving them and installing them back on the inhibitor.

Unknown Role (None): #Only you are capable of doing this, Traveler. Please, for the Court of Fontaine, and...

Unknown Role (None): Since it's urgent, I'll just get the job done first...

Unknown Role (None): But once this is all over, you'd better explain everything clearly!

Unknown Role (None): If all goes well, I will tell you everything I know.

Unknown Role (None): That explosion just before was a small one caused by a small part of Arkhium in the ruins that was affected by energy flow. I guess you could call it... a minor rehearsal of a third great explosion.

## Talk 50

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405356 could not be retrieved

## Talk 51

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405357 could not be retrieved

## Talk 52

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What was Nacker doing...?

## Talk 53

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405359 could not be retrieved

## Talk 54

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405360 could not be retrieved

## Talk 55

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405361 could not be retrieved

## Talk 56

Unknown Role (None): ...That Mr. Nacker really knows how to create trouble for others. Just like that boss of his, Edwin Eastinghouse!

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): We really can't catch a break here. Not only did the explosion break off the condensing components of the device, but it also destroyed the self-sustaining system of the inhibitor.

Unknown Role (None): I'm about to remove the two backup Pneumousia Cores in the Experimental Field Generator and use them to supply energy to the inhibitor.

Unknown Role (None): Luckily this big fella can't move. Otherwise, we wouldn't even have time to run...

Unknown Role (None): It's just not moving right now, you mean.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, knock on wood! Don't say things like that! What if it actually starts moving?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, its main source of energy is that big chunk of Arkhium behind it.

Unknown Role (None): Although the Arkhium has transformed into an activated state, the explosion damaged all of the energy supply lines, so it's lost all of its energy supply...

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh? The Arkhium Kinetic Core should've been right here. Where did...

Unknown Role (None): Um... Hold on, you said that the Pneumousia Cores were a backup energy source.

Unknown Role (None): A—And isn't the activation condition for backup energy sources... the complete loss of energy?

Unknown Role (None): Oh. Uh oh...

## Talk 57

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405366 could not be retrieved

## Talk 58

Unknown Role (None): It... it stopped...

Unknown Role (None): I knew you could do it! Quick, grab these two cores. Let's go hook up the power.

Unknown Role (None): Just like before, you go connect the energy source, and I'll adjust the device.

## Talk 59

Unknown Role (None): Raimondo, during our last meeting, did I really mention that we must keep the public informed about the rebuilding of the institute with the utmost transparency?

Unknown Role (None): I really don't remember that. Perhaps I should check for it in the meeting notes. Could you tell me what page it was exactly?

Unknown Role (None): If by "checking for it in the meeting notes," you mean you wish to see this point made in clear writing...

Unknown Role (None): Then I must say that it won't happen, as such a point cannot be summarized into a single sentence.

Unknown Role (None): This point was made based on the overall essence of that meeting, which was to first address morality and human relations, and the sum total of social norms...

Unknown Role (None): Lastly, this concept, when extracted from countless specific words and actions, is so broad and generic that anyone can see and comprehend its abstract concept.

Unknown Role (None): So what you're saying is, "I didn't say that?"

Unknown Role (None): Uh...

Unknown Role (None): Correct.

## Talk 60

Unknown Role (None): Finally, it's stabilized. The Arkhium has transformed into an inert state... We and the Fontaine Research Institute are safe, for now.

Unknown Role (None): But it seems there are ever more secrets.

Unknown Role (None): As for the things you'd like to know, I will be happy to answer. But... not right now.

Unknown Role (None): What I can tell you now, based on my hypothesis, is that... Mr. Nacker stole the Arkhium Kinetic Core and triggered this small explosion.

Unknown Role (None): But before explaining in too much detail, we should return to the Institute, and place the proper notation and partitions into this interlude.

Unknown Role (None): ...Or at the very least, we need to stop Miss Journalist from getting more deeply involved. The Arkhium Kinetic Core is connected to too many other matters, and we must handle it in complete confidentiality.

Unknown Role (None): So, I would like you to "cooperate" with my work.

Unknown Role (None): Cooperate with your work?

Unknown Role (None): You... you're not saying to play along with your lies, are you?

Unknown Role (None): The scarier something is, the more you should share it with others! Then, we can all work together to deal with it faster!

Unknown Role (None): I have my doubts about that, you two. Every matter has its own way of being dealt with, and in this instance, we must first call for silence.

Unknown Role (None): But I promise that I would never have you steer from your moral standards or demand that you... have the same standard of behavior as we do.

Unknown Role (None): All I ask is for you to remain quiet. You need not do anything else. You might be wondering why I would have you remain silent while telling you the truth.

Unknown Role (None): I'll just come out and say it now. Your coming here is the only good fortune that our Institute has had in nearly a hundred years.

Unknown Role (None): No matter what happens or what the cost is, we must maintain good relations with you. I'm sure Mr. Choiseul feels the same way.

Unknown Role (None): Is telling the truth also a "cost" as far as you're concerned?

Unknown Role (None): Is transparency something you'd consider a "cost" as well?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You're only just telling us the truth now, which you should have done ages ago. Just what sorta "cost" is that?

Unknown Role (None): #Dear sir, Paimon. Telling the truth honestly is, in truth, the greatest price one can pay.

Unknown Role (None): Let's go back. I ask sincerely for your understanding and to provide all... necessary cooperation.

## Talk 61

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405378 could not be retrieved

## Talk 62

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie, everything we do is in the best interests of the people of the Court of Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): ...So what you're saying is that the Fontaine Research Institute predicted the explosion just now? Are you kidding? Do you think I'm a Gestionnaire? You can't hoodwink me that easily!

Unknown Role (None): I think Monsieur Choiseul has expressed himself clearly enough. The situation is still under control. The status quo of the Court of Fontaine will not be adversely affected.

Unknown Role (None): Now, allow me to make a statement explaining the events that really occurred.

Unknown Role (None): That's enough, Mister! I don't believe you for a second!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, you should have seen everything, right? I'm begging you, tell me the truth!

## Talk 63

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405339 could not be retrieved

## Talk 64

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405343 could not be retrieved

## Talk 65

Unknown Role (None): What should we do, Raimondo? Do you think we can convince this journalist? Tri-State Arkhium... I always felt that that name would bring us trouble.

Unknown Role (None): Choiseul, do you think that the name is not up to current grammatical standards and that people will criticize us for being superficial?

Unknown Role (None): No! Tri-State Arkhium may be different from Arkhium in name, but it looks exactly the same no matter how one looks at it!

Unknown Role (None): This is not a problem, as its internal structure is indeed different. The difference between it and Arkhium is like good guys and bad guys. They're both people, but they're very different in society.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, Raimondo... People never bother to tell the good guys from the bad guys, much less the nature of a piece of rock.

Unknown Role (None): They'll just say, hey, this rock looks like Arkhium, and it works like Arkhium, so why isn't it called Arkhium?

Unknown Role (None): Relax, Choiseul. I've already prepared the explanation script.

Unknown Role (None): (Keep listening...)

Unknown Role (None): See? "...The energy source that drives the Experimental Field Generator is not Arkhium, but a new one called Tri-State Arkhium."

Unknown Role (None): "This type of ore is an inert variant of Arkhium that was created through a special transformation process. After entering the all-new 'silent excitement state,' it is much more stable than the original's excited state."

Unknown Role (None): This won't do! They'll still just say that we're doing some kind of rhetorical trick!

Unknown Role (None): "This rhetoric is also based on strict academic classification. All in all, you will witness its excellence after this display."

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* But this certainly won't be able to satisfy that group of reporters.

Unknown Role (None): They can never be satisfied. Mr. Choiseul, all we need to do is put on a display... That's all.

Unknown Role (None): (Stop listening...)

## Talk 66

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405345 could not be retrieved

## Talk 67

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405351 could not be retrieved

## Talk 68

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405352 could not be retrieved

## Talk 69

Unknown Role (None): It's getting bad... again...

## Talk 70

Unknown Role (None): This document needs to be filed, and this one rewritten... Ugh... There's just so much to do...

## Talk 71

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405382 could not be retrieved

## Talk 72

Unknown Role (None): ...The Central Laboratory exploded again unexpectedly. Was Monsieur Edwin... actually researching bombs?

## Talk 73

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Back up here already? Have you retrieved the survey anchor?

## Talk 74

Unknown Role (None): The Survey Anchor... hasn't been retrieved yet, I see. Have you come back up for a quick break?

Unknown Role (None): That's fine, but please retrieve it as soon as you can. We'd prefer to avoid further trouble, you see.

## Talk 75

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405377 could not be retrieved

## Talk 76

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405375 could not be retrieved

## Talk 77

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405364 could not be retrieved

## Talk 78

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405374 could not be retrieved

## Talk 79

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405373 could not be retrieved

## Talk 80

Unknown Role (None): ...This should be fine now.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Please take Ms. Chronie with you and go down quickly. I'll be activating this big guy in a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Then, this troublesome matter will be resolved once and for all.

## Talk 81

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405371 could not be retrieved

## Talk 82

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405368 could not be retrieved

## Talk 83

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405362 could not be retrieved

## Talk 84

Unknown Role (None): Please follow her instructions and unblock the area as soon as you can. I'll be watching you from the side.

## Talk 85

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7405363 could not be retrieved

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): (Let's think about this again first...)

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): ...How can I get up there? Also, will that medicine work?

Unknown Role (None): But he said that as long as I touch it... And those pictures. Darn it... I need to think of a way...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Drat... The energy flow is too strong here. I need to take more medicine...

Unknown Role (None): About the real reason for the explosion at the Fontaine Research Institute...

Unknown Role (None): ...You are quite inquisitive, but now's not the time for a long conversation. Please go and retrieve the condensing components first.

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): (Let's cooperate with Raimondo for now...)

Unknown Role (None): #No need to bother Traveler anymore, Ms. Chronie. Allow me to explain the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Don't even think of trying to get away with it, Mr. Raimondo. I saw the Arkhium with my own eyes. This explosion must have been caused by it.

Unknown Role (None): Did you not repeatedly emphasize before, that all the Arkhium had been properly processed and disposed of? Just what are you hiding?

Unknown Role (None): I haven't hidden anything. This explosion was always a "controllable hazard removal directional blast."

Unknown Role (None): C—Controllable hazard... wait, hazard removal... What?

Unknown Role (None): Mind you all don't bite your tongues on that.

Unknown Role (None): It basically means to use small, controlled blasts to quickly remove Arkhium fragments.

Unknown Role (None): With the goal of activating the Experimental Field Generator as quickly as possible.

Unknown Role (None): But I couldn't have imagined... that Mr. Nacker would steal the Arkhium Kinetic Core needed to start the Experimental Field Generator.

Unknown Role (None): Not only that, but he intentionally activated that large chunk of Arkhium, using it to draw our attention while he made his escape.

Unknown Role (None): ...So, is that the ploy you came up with just now? To dump all the blame onto a researcher, who could be dead right now for all you know!?

Unknown Role (None): I think what you really want to hide is that you are completely incapable of dealing with the Arkhium! The Arkhium is still a major threat to the Court of Fontaine!

Unknown Role (None): Ridiculous! A person's life isn't something you can throw away to help spread your own lies!

Unknown Role (None): I have already told you the truth, Ms. Chronie... Please listen to a final word of advice.

Unknown Role (None): It takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.

Unknown Role (None): ...Enough. I won't listen to another word you say, nor will I dwell on this.

Unknown Role (None): Your words, deeds, and all the facts concealed by the Institute will be reported on in the next issue of The Steambird. Good day, gentlemen.

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie strides away from the Fontaine Research Institute...

Unknown Role (None): #...Thank goodness, that's finally over with... Oh, and thank you too, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): I just did what I should.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, such humility. In this day and age, those who do what they should are already outstanding.

Unknown Role (None): You didn't make assumptions about whether something is good or bad based on your subjective thoughts. Instead, you... think carefully about what you do and say for the sake of the greater good! Truly an excellent person!

Unknown Role (None): But... is this really okay? Paimon still thinks that we should tell everyone the truth...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): #There's no need to bear such a heavy burden, dear Traveler. You only... cooperated, after listening to my repeated entreaties.

Unknown Role (None): I am a Senior Technician of the Fontaine Research Institute, and the responsibility for this matter falls squarely on me, and me alone.

Unknown Role (None): But Ms. Chronie said...

Unknown Role (None): She has already obtained the truth she wants for herself. I wish her well.

Unknown Role (None): But as for us... we still have much to be concerned about. For example, the whereabouts of Mr. Nacker, and the Arkhium Kinetic Core...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, but shouldn't we first give you a few awards as well, Monsieur Choiseul?

Unknown Role (None): Right, right! Let's take another group photo together. The one we took before had an... unseemly explosion in the background.

Unknown Role (None): This new photo must be decent enough to be worthy of your status as our Honorary Senior Researcher.

Unknown Role (None): Choiseul and Raimondo stand in the same position as before, and an Institute researcher takes a photo for everyone...

Unknown Role (None): Perfect! Look at us — a decent bunch of decent people!

Unknown Role (None): The ostentatious awards ceremony has finally ended...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hopes we won't ever have to attend such a... pompous ceremony ever again...

Unknown Role (None): The scene just isn't explosive enough.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stoppit! No more exploding! Any more explosions and Paimon'll have nightmares!

Unknown Role (None): This certificate and trophy are for you. I'll post a copy on the Institute bulletin board later.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I hope our researchers will follow your example. On this path, we must strive to take the lead, overcome all obstacles, and put in 120% of our...

Unknown Role (None): I actually have more questions for you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. I know what you want to ask. Even though your questions are all... um, extremely complicated, I'm willing to answer them.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I believe we'll have more opportunities to work together in the future, Honorary Senior Researcher.

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): I'll tell you the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

Unknown Role (None): #...I'm all ears, my dear Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): You tell Chronie everything that has happened, from beginning to end, without omitting anything.

Unknown Role (None): About the large Arkhium and the Experimental Field Generator.

Unknown Role (None): About Nacker, who is missing and could be alive or dead, and about Raimondo's accusations of him having stolen the Arkhium Kinetic Core.

Unknown Role (None): And of course, what Raimondo cares most about, the Central Laboratory ruins that could explode again at any time.

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm shocked. Mr. Choiseul, were you aware of this?

Unknown Role (None): I... Oh... Of course, I... Um, my goodness...

Unknown Role (None): So the Fontaine Research Institute doesn't even have the courage to face their own mistakes? Just to cover up the fact that you couldn't deal with the Arkhium problem, you did absolutely everything you could...

Unknown Role (None): #What I find most surprising is that you even tried to trick Traveler, who has been doing their utmost to help.

Unknown Role (None): #You even wanted to use Traveler's credibility to convince me that Nacker was behind all of these crimes.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? Chronie, did you really understand?

Unknown Role (None): I completely understand everything, dear Paimon. Thank you for dropping such subtle hints for me.

Unknown Role (None): H—Hints? Did... did we drop any hints?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I know that what the Institute really wants to hide — the fact that the Central Laboratory ruins can explode again at any time.

Unknown Role (None): Or to put it another way, Arkhium is still a threat to the entire Court of Fontaine!

Unknown Role (None): Ridiculous! A person's life isn't something you can throw away to help spread your own lies!

Unknown Role (None): I have already told you the truth, Ms. Chronie... Please listen to a final word of advice.

Unknown Role (None): It takes only the slightest bit of effort to fixate on something, but it always takes more brain power to avert your gaze from it.

Unknown Role (None): ...Enough. I won't listen to another word you say, nor will I dwell on this.

Unknown Role (None): Your words, deeds, and all the facts concealed by the Institute will be reported on in the next issue of The Steambird. Good day, gentlemen.

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Chronie strides away from the Fontaine Research Institute...

Unknown Role (None): #...Thank goodness, that's finally over with... Oh, and thank you too, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't do what you asked me to. I thought you would...

Unknown Role (None): You thought I would throw a tantrum at you and scold you for not doing what I said?

Unknown Role (None): #My dear Traveler, since the very beginning, your job has only been to escort the researcher to the ruins for an expedition. What I asked you to do was above and beyond the call of duty.

Unknown Role (None): It would have been great if you kept your silence, as that would've saved us a lot of trouble in the future, yes.

Unknown Role (None): But it's not necessarily bad that you told her the truth.

Unknown Role (None): I believe that now that Ms. Chronie has gotten what she wants, she will not bother us again for the time being.

Unknown Role (None): She will tell the public everything.

Unknown Role (None): I believe she will do that. I hope the people of Fontaine will like the truth she publicizes.

Unknown Role (None): But as for us... we still have much to be concerned about. For example, the whereabouts of Mr. Nacker, and the Arkhium Kinetic Core...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, but shouldn't we first give you a few awards as well. Monsieur Choiseul, would you do the honors?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Of course! That's right. I've already prepared everything. There's a certificate, trophy... and other forms of remuneration, too.

Unknown Role (None): But before that, let's take a group photo together. The one we took before had an... unseemly explosion in the background.

Unknown Role (None): This new photo must be decent enough to be worthy of your status as our Honorary Senior Researcher.

Unknown Role (None): Choiseul and Raimondo stand in the same position as before, and an Institute researcher takes a photo for everyone...

Unknown Role (None): Perfect! Look at us — a decent bunch of decent people!

Unknown Role (None): The ostentatious awards ceremony has finally ended...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hopes we won't ever have to attend such a... pompous ceremony ever again...

Unknown Role (None): The scene just isn't explosive enough.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stoppit! No more exploding! Any more explosions and Paimon'll have nightmares!

Unknown Role (None): This certificate and trophy are for you. I'll post a copy of the cert on the Institute bulletin board later.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I hope our researchers will follow your example. On this path, we must strive to take the lead, overcome all obstacles, and put in 120% of our...

Unknown Role (None): I actually have more questions for you.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. I know what you want to ask. Even though your questions are all... um, extremely complicated, I'm willing to answer them.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I believe we'll have more opportunities to work together in the future, Honorary Senior Researcher.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): The kinetic core that disappeared must have been taken away by someone... If there's anyone who had the opportunity to commit this crime, it would probably be...

Unknown Role (None): After the explosion... Well, the previous one, researchers of Edwin's stripe don't seem to have been very well-received...

Unknown Role (None): The explosion that happened when we were taking the photo was quite a shock... What could have caused it?

Unknown Role (None): Will it really be okay to let someone unsuitable for the role be the leader...?

Unknown Role (None): ...The Arkhium has been activated from its inert state and is releasing a great amount of energy.

Unknown Role (None): It's clear that Mr. Nacker is responsible for everything. He stole the kinetic core... which affected the activation of the Arkhium fragments.

Unknown Role (None): There are many unrecovered activated fragments around the ruins of the Central Laboratory. The entire place is a huge, dangerous bomb!

Unknown Role (None): It seems apparent that Nacker's the scapegoat of the current management system. He's a senior researcher, and yet he's been reduced to doing random tasks...

Unknown Role (None): It's obvious! The second explosion must have been caused by Mr. Choiseul and Mr. Raimondo's chaotic operations!

Unknown Role (None): That shouldn't be the case...

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Sure enough... Not doing research any more was the correct decision...

Unknown Role (None): About Punched Tape...

Unknown Role (None): Punched Tape? Now? The Central Laboratory blew up again! Sorry, but before that's cleared up, I don't have any time to worry about that stuff...