# The Red and the Black


## Talk 1

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411501 could not be retrieved

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon! Traveler, good evening.

Unknown Role (None): Talochard! Y—Your clothes... You haven't resigned already, have you?

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet. I just took off my uniform because it makes me feel much lighter. So? Do I look good in these?

Unknown Role (None): Not bad at all.

Unknown Role (None): You look much better. Even your voice sounds gentler.

Unknown Role (None): This must be the right life for me. Since I can't do anything well, it's best not to do anything at all.

Unknown Role (None): Stop thinking like that... It just so happened to be a really tricky case.

Unknown Role (None): It isn't just this case. Have you heard of Fontaine's aquabus?

Unknown Role (None): That's how we got to Fontaine!

Unknown Role (None): Then you must have taken the Clementine Line, right? Aeval is the tour guide there, and Elphane is in charge of the Navia Line.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, I used to be a tour guide too. I was the guide on the third line, the Callas Line. It used to travel to the Fontaine Research Institute, but service was suspended due to the incident.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! You used to be a tour guide! That's awesome!

Unknown Role (None): It's not awesome at all. Tour guides aren't exactly the elite. Being assigned as a tour guide is what happens when you're bad at being an agent.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... So you returned to the Marechaussee Phantom because the line stopped operating?

Unknown Role (None): Not quite... I was laid off due to complaints from tourists. Some praised me in person, but wrote complaints as soon as they got home. They said my voice grates, like a crow...

Unknown Role (None): I couldn't accept it... Oh, I don't mean the complaints. I couldn't accept that they told me I was doing well to my face when they clearly had a problem with me.

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you in on a secret — Editor Jenck was the first to complain that I sounded like a crow. He's such a hypocrite.

Unknown Role (None): No wonder you were arguing with him back then... Paimon sorta gets it now...

Unknown Role (None): Let's not dwell on annoying stuff like that, now's the time to focus on enjoying some delicious food!

Unknown Role (None): Hotel Debord was recommended by the official tourist guide. I may not like it, but I think you might.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Talochard.

Unknown Role (None): But shouldn't we wait for Curve? He's not here yet.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, he doesn't eat this kind of thing anyway. He just wants to record Hotel Debord's data into his lie-learning module.

Unknown Role (None): His lie-learning module... Curve is really special...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I'm very happy to have met him. However, his core is aging rapidly, so he will go into hibernation mode soon... *sigh* His body parts can be replaced, but not his core...

Unknown Role (None): Hibernate!? Are you trying to say...

Unknown Role (None): He will stop moving... forever... Ugh, I'm really just completely useless, aren't I? I can't solve my cases as an agent, I get complaints as a tour guide, and let's not even talk about my attempts at making breakfast. Now, I can't even manage evidence properly...

Unknown Role (None): Did you sneak out to try and get Curve repaired?

Unknown Role (None): No one but Dr. Mosso can repair Curve. I just wanted him to see more about how humans lie and help him overcome the Mosso Protocols.

Unknown Role (None): Overcome the Mosso Protocols? Why?

Unknown Role (None): That would be amazing! Curve could even become a genuine human!

Unknown Role (None): Feels like Paimon just heard something incredible!

Unknown Role (None): Dr. Mosso's true goal was to create a machine that would gradually become human by understanding lies and humanity. That's Curve's ultimate form!

Unknown Role (None): Legends say that a Fontainian scientist called Alain Guillotin created an amazing thinking machine hundreds of years ago, and Dr. Mosso seemed to want to surpass that.

Unknown Role (None): (A thinking machine made by Alain Guillotin? Could that be... Seymour?)

Unknown Role (None): But can understanding lies make someone human?

Unknown Role (None): Dr. Mosso believed that humans have various reasons for lying, with various feelings underlying those reasons. It is those emotions that make them human.

Unknown Role (None): So he created a no-lying protocol. If Curve learns to lie like humans one day...

Unknown Role (None): Then it means that he's no longer bound by his machine programming, and has acquired human emotions.

Unknown Role (None): We're out here investigating cases because I want him to see how humans lie. I want him to learn...

Unknown Role (None): Then you definitely can't give up. Shouldn't we fight harder to give Curve more time?

Unknown Role (None): But how? Dr. Mosso is gone now...

Unknown Role (None): But his research base is still out there.

Unknown Role (None): Right, there must be a maintenance manual or something.

Unknown Role (None): I went through everything already, and didn't find anything about the base.

Unknown Role (None): How about the newspaper? Would they have any leads?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't the Fatuus say something like that too?

Unknown Role (None): That guy was an amateur. If the Marechaussee Phantom doesn't know, then the newspaper certainly won't...

Unknown Role (None): You're just looking for excuses, Talochard. You're actually just afraid of failure, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): I...

Unknown Role (None): No one fails forever. If you've hit rock bottom, your only way is up.

Unknown Role (None): I've hit rock bottom?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You even took off your uniform.

Unknown Role (None): So I won't fail anymore?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, you absolutely will not fail again!

Unknown Role (None): In my humble analysis, Ms. Paimon is lying.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, waitasec! Curve! Couldn't you have just shown up a little bit later!?

Unknown Role (None): ...But such lies have a chance to mold reality.

Unknown Role (None): What are you talking about, Curve? Lies molding reality?

Unknown Role (None): Thirty years ago, Dr. Mosso and I performed our first public test in Hotel Debord.

Unknown Role (None): At that time, there were only four tables, eight chairs, and a waiter... who was also the owner.

Unknown Role (None): He said to me, "Restaurant Debord will certainly become a renowned luxury hotel." It was just like Ms. Paimon's statement, a lie based on sincerity.

Unknown Role (None): But today, as you can all see, Debord has exquisite carpeting, expensive decorations, two dining areas, and an endless stream of guests.

Unknown Role (None): I think that if the lie about Debord became true, then the statement that "Agent Talochard will not fail again" has the possibility of becoming true.

Unknown Role (None): Shutting down the lie-learning module.

Unknown Role (None): Um, was Curve being a little odd just now? What was he talking about?

Unknown Role (None): It's the lie-learning module. It resides in Curve's core, and once it's enabled, it makes Curve spew a bunch of illogical nonsense...

Unknown Role (None): I'm starting to doubt Curve's reliability.

Unknown Role (None): I think Curve has a point.

Unknown Role (None): Well... Paimon thinks that some humans say things that don't make sense. Does that mean Curve is improving?

Unknown Role (None): It does.

Unknown Role (None): Talochard, are you gonna give up just when Curve is showing signs of improvement?

Unknown Role (None): Um, well... can you please say that thing again...?

Unknown Role (None): Say what?

Unknown Role (None): You've hit rock bottom!

Unknown Role (None): Oh! That's right! So you can't fail again!

Unknown Role (None): You absolutely will not fail again!

Unknown Role (None): Oh! That's right! Because you've already hit rock bottom!

Unknown Role (None): I get it! Then I'll try again, one more time! If Curve is still learning, then I have to help him!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Talochard really is like a child sometimes... She gets moody so quickly, but also perks up just as quickly...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Is... Is Paimon not mature enough?

Unknown Role (None): You're even shorter than Talochard.

Unknown Role (None): Relax, Paimon, you're pretty mature.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, just stop with the chit-chat! We should take action at once. Since the newspaper might know something, let's keep our eyes on the prize and keep investigating the theft!

Unknown Role (None): Since there are four of us, why don't we each roleplay as a suspect and recreate the crime scene? We might even find a breakthrough.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Talochard's brain is working fast! Paimon likes that idea. Let's go to The Steambird now.

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Morning! Morning!

Unknown Role (None): Good morning.

Unknown Role (None): Morning! Hey, Talochard, how come there's no desk in here?

Unknown Role (None): There just isn't. We don't need desks for our work, anyway. And this bench is awesome. Look! It has comfy cushions.

Unknown Role (None): Sit down, quick. Come try the delicious breakfast I made for you!

Unknown Role (None): Woah! Thanks, Talochard. But what is this? It smells a little... odd?

Unknown Role (None): That's my special Poissonchant Pie. It's even tastier than the usual recipe.

Unknown Role (None): It does smell odd, but that's why it's special.

Unknown Role (None): #You've piqued Paimon's interest... What about you, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Curve, what do you think?

Unknown Role (None): An analysis of the composition indicates eating this could be a difficult trial.

Unknown Role (None): Forget it. I'll let you try it, Paimon. You're tougher than me.

Unknown Role (None): Not eating? Then Paimon will finish your portion too. Waste not, want not! Hehe.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon starts to chow down, and scarfs down a full portion-and-a-half of the odd-smelling pie in the blink of an eye.
Half an hour later... she comes back from outside, clutching her belly.

Unknown Role (None): Awesome. We're real tough cookies.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's dig in!

Unknown Role (None): You and Paimon wolf down a half-portion of the odd-smelling pie.
Half an hour later... you both come back from outside, clutching your bellies.

Unknown Role (None): Just where did you disappear to? If you're still hungry, there's more. I made lots.

Unknown Role (None): #Th—Thanks, Talochard. No need though, Paimon just went for a quick rest. And there's still some pie left... Uh, Traveler, why don't we box it up for... later?

Unknown Role (None): Uhm, your expressions... Wasn't it tasty? I thought I did a good job...

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps you're tough enough.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knows why they call it Poissonchant Pie now. The "poisson" are in Paimon's guts, chanting: "We wanna swim back out!"

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Oh, that sounds absolutely awful... I'm so sorry!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, don't worry about it. Paimon's better already. Anyway, the problem is Paimon's preferences, not your cooking!

Unknown Role (None): Back to business. Did you get any info about the knife?

Unknown Role (None): Oh right! Paimon forgot we're supposed to be working now.

Unknown Role (None): Okay. So, about that. We did find something that might be useful. This is a knife from the "Elegant Tableware Confrerie."

Unknown Role (None): The people who said Rocher owes them money?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. They masquerade as a legitimate business, claiming their tableware is favored by Fontaine's upper classes and can be sold for hefty sums.

Unknown Role (None): People like Rocher often fall for it. They pay a fee to join and get a pile of lousy tableware in return. Then they try to sell it for enough to make back their initial "investment" and then some.

Unknown Role (None): But the tableware itself is unsellable junk. So the victims have no choice but to find other fools to pass the baton to. I hear they call it expanding their downline network.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds pretty familiar...

Unknown Role (None): See? Humans are creatures full of lies.

Unknown Role (None): But it seems like Rocher didn't expand his downline network...

Unknown Role (None): In terms of ethical human relations, Mr. Rocher's morals exceed the level of the average person. He didn't continue to bring in more victims.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... So maybe his wife isn't the worst judge of character...

Unknown Role (None): But his financial acumen is way, way below the average! In the end, his poor wife had to deal with the fallout and took the losses.

Unknown Role (None): Ah... That's true... But weren't they exposed by the paper? Can't you guys track down the money and help them recover their losses?

Unknown Role (None): Our colleagues got involved some time ago and made multiple arrests. But the ringleader is a crafty one, and immediately claimed that the perpetrators of the scam were temporary employees.

Unknown Role (None): Most importantly, he kept all their accounts completely separate. As a result, recovering the losses has proven extremely difficult.

Unknown Role (None): Is there nothing you can do about it?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, we can push things forward today. I got the location of their possible hideout, and I'll be investigating it later.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! You found their lair!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! The Marechaussee Phantom is more capable than you think! Considering the facts of this case, I now have reasons to believe that Sir Arthur was stolen by the Elegant Tableware Confrerie!

Unknown Role (None): Although it does sound very likely, it's best if you don't act so certain of it...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! We'll know once we get there! Let's go.

## Talk 4

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411504 could not be retrieved

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): We're here.

Unknown Role (None): Let's see... Sure are a lot of them in there... What should we do? Charge in, beat them up, and make them confess?

Unknown Role (None): Don't be so violent, Paimon. They're already frightened and on edge. They might destroy the evidence if we give them another scare!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... That's true. Then let's sneak in, find the evidence, and then beat them up?

Unknown Role (None): Do we have to beat them up?

Unknown Role (None): Well... It's such a small place, so a fight is inevitable anyway... Fine, then is it possible to distract them?

Unknown Role (None): I don't like sneaking around.

Unknown Role (None): Neither does Paimon. So, is it possible to distract them?

Unknown Role (None): There must be something here that we can use...

Unknown Role (None): Curve, hide and wait here for us. You're too big not to get spotted. Just come over once we're done.

Unknown Role (None): As you wish.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's hurry up and figure out how to lure them away.

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Self-diagnostic in progress...

Unknown Role (None): Moisture has seeped into the motherboard. Motherboard temperature: Below warning line. Core functionality: 19%.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): (This pot... has chicken legs in it. Is someone cooking?)

Unknown Role (None): (How about adding in some "seasoning" to put them to sleep after their meal? Or we can do something else to drive them away...)

Unknown Role (None): #(N—Nice idea! Check your bag for any useful "seasoning," Traveler!)

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Paimon has a feeling it'll be super effective!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! How could you put that in there!? It's an insult to my culinary talents!

Unknown Role (None): Don't be mad, Talochard. Your cooking might end up making a very significant contribution here. Paimon's certain they won't be able to overcome the trial of toughness it poses.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Then... Fine. Let's hide and watch what happens.

Unknown Role (None): Once "Chowtime!" is shouted, the entire Elegant Tableware Confrerie starts gulping down the food with the extra "seasoning."
It doesn't take long before, one by one, subtle changes begin to appear on their faces, and then they start running toward the exit with their hands clutching their stomachs.

Unknown Role (None): See, Talochard? They're experiencing the power of Poissonchant Pie, just like I said!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... I'm incredible! I'll go get Curve. Now we can search for evidence to our heart's content!

## Talk 9

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411520 could not be retrieved

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Who cooked this gar— *blaaargh*... Who cooked today!? Kill— *blech*... Find him and kill him!

Unknown Role (None): Boss! Boss— *urrrrrk*... Boss I'll immediately— *blaaaargh*... I'll go find the cook!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! This Agent right here is today's chef! So who's going to kill me?

Unknown Role (None): M—Marechaussee Phantom? Agents... How did— *huuuuurk*... How did you get in here?

Unknown Role (None): I don't think you've got time to worry about that right now! We've obtained evidence of your crimes!

Unknown Role (None): Evidence? But Officer, all of them were temporary workers, and didn't you arrest them already?

Unknown Role (None): We're working on another case right now! All of you are suspects in a plot to get revenge against The Steambird by stealing Sir Arthur!

Unknown Role (None): The paper? I—Impossible. I've never held any grudges toward them... in fact, I even want to thank them for pointing out the flaws in our business model...

Unknown Role (None): You're good with words, but what will you do once we show you... THIS?

Unknown Role (None): See? Director 42 admitted it in their diary! Busted!

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Oh, dangit! That's not it!

Unknown Role (None): What are you going to show? Do you have any evidence?

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): Okay! This should solve the problem.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): These Bulle Fruit... Do these people really like them? In that case, we could try distracting them by throwing some from a distance...

Unknown Role (None): Sure, give it a try.

Unknown Role (None): All of you hide and start chucking Bulle Fruit really far away.

Unknown Role (None): Wow! Sweet! Bulle Fruit! Wait... Who's throwing them?

Unknown Role (None): Alert! Alert! Intruder alert!

Unknown Role (None): This plan's way too dumb!

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't sound like it'll work.

Unknown Role (None): Let's come up with a plan B.

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Y—You fool! Didn't I tell you to keep a low profile for now!?

Unknown Role (None): But... Boss! Are we supposed to just lie down and take it when they're bullying us like this!?

Unknown Role (None): Th—The Marechaussee Phantom! Officer, with all due respect, th—this fool is just a temporary employee! He hasn't even passed his probation period! Since he's suspected of breaking the law and committing a crime, I have no choice but to fire him in the spirit of justice!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! How much longer are you planning on using that same old trick!?

Unknown Role (None): F—Fire me!? Why!? Boss... D—Didn't you just say earlier that I'm the only one here who has always been loyal to you!?

Unknown Role (None): Who are you? What are you talking about? You're fired! We have nothing to do with each other from now on!

Unknown Role (None): Take him away, honored Agents. He's all yours.

Unknown Role (None): Boss! You... you betrayed me...

Unknown Role (None): Argh! You dirty double-timing dog! I'll take you down with me!

Unknown Role (None): See? Director 42 admitted it in their diary! Busted!

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411511 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Ouch... You blithering idiot! How dare you go against me!?

Unknown Role (None): You filthy traitorous mutt! You can't stop me!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright! That's enough. Just play nicely now, would you?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Redhead! Hurry up and fess up! Where's Sir Arthur?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Cut it out, shorty! I'm not on your side either! Unless you're willing to do me a favor...

Unknown Role (None): Help me convict this traitorous backstabbing thief of a felony and make the rest of his life a living hell! Then I'll try my best to cooperate with you.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! The Marechaussee Phantom never negotiates with criminals! But with the evidence we already have, the quality of the rest of his life won't be too different from what you are hoping for...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Don't do that!

Unknown Role (None): So? Are you going to come clean now?

Unknown Role (None): Alright! Fine! I'll tell you everything! I didn't actually take Sir Arthur.

Unknown Role (None): I know it's strange, but someone got to it before me. So I just stuck the knife there as a warning.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? It wasn't there? You're lying, right?

Unknown Role (None): Hurry, you got this, Curve! It's your time to shine!

Unknown Role (None): No anomalies detected in Mr. Intrepid Valberry's data.

Unknown Role (None): What!? It really wasn't this redhead!? I...

Unknown Role (None): So, did you see anything at the scene?

Unknown Role (None): I saw a really smelly drunk lying on the ground, just like that debtor Rocher. All I wanted was to stay well away from him.

Unknown Role (None): Then it's Rocher, right? Is there no one else?

Unknown Role (None): Even if there's nobody, you're gonna have to give us someone! You cut short the trail we were following, and you're going to have to take responsibility for it!

Unknown Role (None): Now you're just making things difficult for me!

Unknown Role (None): You can do it, Mr. Intrepid Valberry! You even fought back against your own boss!

Unknown Role (None): Fine, you're right. Let me think it over for a moment...

Unknown Role (None): Um... Director 42... Can I say something?

Unknown Role (None): What!?

Unknown Role (None): Do you have any leads?

Unknown Role (None): ...N—No, I don't...

Unknown Role (None): Then just wait a minute. Can't you see that I'm racking my brains right now?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! I've got it... I just remembered something...

Unknown Role (None): I went to the Fleuve Cendre in search of a locksmith, because I needed their help to break into the paper's office at night and wreak havoc.

Unknown Role (None): But wouldn't you know, I ran into someone there who was also trying to find a way to sneak into the paper.

Unknown Role (None): Who was it? What was their name?

Unknown Role (None): I don't know, but he was dressed like a member of the Fatui.

Unknown Role (None): The Fatui? Them again?

Unknown Role (None): Justice may be absent, but the Fatui never are.

Unknown Role (None): And what did he do after that?

Unknown Role (None): How would I know? I'm not some sewer stalker!

Unknown Role (None): This time it's certain. He's the one who stole Sir Arthur!

Unknown Role (None): Oh... But every "certainty" of yours has been wrong so far...

Unknown Role (None): It's certainly different this time! Don't you remember?

Unknown Role (None): There were four pairs of footprints at the scene, so there were four suspects at most! The Fatuus is the fourth suspect!

Unknown Role (None): What if it isn't him?

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Don't look down on me! I'll bet my uniform on it, alright? If I'm wrong again... I'll quit and stay home!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, alright? Let's not be too hasty...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, redhead! Can you find that guy?

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you just try your luck in the Fleuve Cendre? I've seen him there on more than one occasion.

Unknown Role (None): Someone dressed as a Fatuus in the Fleuve Cendre. If he really is there, he won't be difficult to spot...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's do that. We'll take these criminals back first and then head over to Fleuve Cendre.

Unknown Role (None): Don't forget your promise! You'd better convict that two-timing traitor! Pin him to the wall!

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, neither of you is going anywhere. Huh!? Wait! Where is he? Where did their boss go? He was just here a moment ago!

Unknown Role (None): Um... Well... He snuck off in that direction while you were distracted...

Unknown Role (None): What!? Why didn't you say something sooner!?

Unknown Role (None): Well... I wanted to... but you kinda stopped me, didn't you?

Unknown Role (None): That sneaky, conniving...! Darn it... He knew his life would be a living hell, so he fled? Hey! How about you let me go and get him for you?

Unknown Role (None): Let you go? What do you think, Curve?

Unknown Role (None): Based on my analysis of Mr. Valberry's data, he's telling the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Then get going, redhead! Don't disappoint us!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Don't worry, I give you my word as a man.

Unknown Role (None): Really? Are we really just gonna let him go? Just like that?

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong with that? If someone deceives another, shouldn't we support the victim in getting their revenge?

Unknown Role (None): I know what it's like to feel angry after being tricked... Oh, Curve, you should be taking note on this.

Unknown Role (None): As you wish. I have recorded the behavioral and physiological data of everyone involved in my lie-learning module.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's stop wasting time here. Our primary objective is to take the others back to the Marechaussee Phantom and then get to the Fleuve Cendre.

Unknown Role (None): You escort the criminals back to the Marechaussee Phantom.
And without a moment's rest, you immediately rush to the Fleuve Cendre, the haunting grounds of the other suspect...

## Talk 19

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411513 could not be retrieved

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): You're here.

Unknown Role (None): Huh?

Unknown Role (None): So, did you bring the goods?

Unknown Role (None): Who are you?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That's not the code! Who are you!? Shoot, I gotta get outta here!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Were we exchanging passphrases just now!?

Unknown Role (None): Forget that! Hurry! Don't let him get away!

Unknown Role (None): What are you talking about?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That's not the code! Who are you!? Shoot, I gotta get outta here!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Were we exchanging passphrases just now!?

Unknown Role (None): Forget that! Hurry! Don't let him get away!

Unknown Role (None): What goods?

Unknown Role (None): Haha! What's the story, chum?

Unknown Role (None): An underdog story?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? That's not the code! Who are you!? Shoot, I gotta get outta here!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Were we exchanging passphrases just now!?

Unknown Role (None): Forget that! Hurry! Don't let him get away!

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Anyone know how to answer?

Unknown Role (None): I'm a nobody! No story here!

Unknown Role (None): A nobody? Paimon's sure you're somebody...

Unknown Role (None): (Shh... He just doesn't want to reveal his name!)

Unknown Role (None): So, why did you leave that letter outside The Steambird?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What letter? That envelope? We did find an envelope at the scene...

Unknown Role (None): You weren't the ones who left it? Then who are you? And how do you know the code? Shoot... I better scram!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Were we exchanging passphrases just now!?

Unknown Role (None): We've been made! Anyway, just hurry! Don't let him get away!

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411515 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411516 could not be retrieved

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): We finally caught you! But why run like that!? That was exhausting!

Unknown Role (None): Stop! Stop chasing after me! I haven't done anything wrong!

Unknown Role (None): Why run if you're innocent?

Unknown Role (None): Th—That won't hold up in court! Why don't you tell me what crimes I've committed, huh?

Unknown Role (None): You stole Sir Arthur!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Hey! I didn't steal that!

Unknown Role (None): Quite certain someone stole it now, aren't we?

Unknown Role (None): Ah... Crud...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! Don't even think about trying to weasel your way out of this! We even know you've been looking for a way to sneak into the paper's office!

Unknown Role (None): Take a look at my uniform, then take a look at your own. Are you trying to cause an international crisis? Do you want to say bye-bye to your life?

Unknown Role (None): No way it's that serious!

Unknown Role (None): N—No! After I complete this mission, I'll be able to retire early... Don't be like this...

Unknown Role (None): Then why don't you try making this a bit easier for me, hmm? If you make things difficult for me, then it's only fair that I do the same.

Unknown Role (None): Picture your retired life for a moment. When you sit down to eat, you'll look across and see me. Every date you go on, I'll be your chaperone. And for every travel photo you'll take, I'll be there too, smiling...

Unknown Role (None): No! Stop! That's enough, don't terrify me like that... I'll come clean, alright? It's not like it's a secret anyway...

Unknown Role (None): I'm Baulard, a peripheral intelligence officer. What "peripheral" means is that I'm not very important.

Unknown Role (None): I was tasked with locating a research base belonging to a scientist known as Mosso Lombroso.

Unknown Role (None): Mosso Lombroso? Isn't that Dr. Mosso?

Unknown Role (None): You've heard of him too? He passed away some thirty years ago, and his research base is said to contain valuable information. But no one knows its location.

Unknown Role (None): What does that have to do with The Steambird?

Unknown Role (None): Because Dr. Mosso's death is linked to The Steambird, I'm sure the paper knows something.

Unknown Role (None): It's linked to the paper!?

Unknown Role (None): Correct. That's why I contacted one of their editors, Jenck, hoping to get the inside scoop.

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that the editor who was arguing with Talochard? Would he reveal the paper's inside info?

Unknown Role (None): I sent him a small gift. Do you recall that the paper recently exposed the Elegant Tableware Confrerie scammers? I provided the details of their crimes.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! So you did that! You're really amazing, huh!?

Unknown Role (None): Thank you. Though I may only be peripheral personnel, but I'm one of the better ones.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, the exclusive report gave Jenck's reputation quite a boost. But when I contacted him again, he said he had nothing to repay me with... Utterly despicable!

Unknown Role (None): That's when you decided to sneak in?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. But I noticed something odd when I got there that night: The signature steambird at the door was gone.

Unknown Role (None): It vanished before you arrived!? Ugh, not again...

Unknown Role (None): That's right, and there was an envelope on its pedestal. Acting on my instincts as an intelligence officer, I opened the envelope... To my surprise, it was full of threats.

Unknown Role (None): What!? The envelope at the scene! How could you sneak a peek at someone else's letter? Let us look, too!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Luckily, I've kept it with me. Please, help yourselves...

Unknown Role (None): Are you done? The one who signed it "Crow or Blackbird?" is the criminal you're looking for.

Unknown Role (None): But... Is this for real? Is the paper really linked to Dr. Mosso's death?

Unknown Role (None): There's no mistake. The inheritance mentioned here is probably Dr. Mosso's research base. The paper definitely knows something.

Unknown Role (None): Later on, I put out some feelers in my circles, hoping this "Crow or Blackbird?" would be willing to meet with me. If she's in the same line of work, that is.

Unknown Role (None): Best case scenario, we can work together, and even if that fails, I didn't want her to raise any alarms, as it would only disturb my work.

Unknown Role (None): But as it turns out, we're the only ones who showed up.

Unknown Role (None): Talochard, it seems you made a mistake again... Huh!? Talochard... What's wrong?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Curve... Tell me now! Tell me this guy's lying!

Unknown Role (None): Biological indicators detected to be normal: Mr. Baulard is telling the truth.

Unknown Role (None): Darn it... You... you peripheral! Why aren't you the culprit!? You've lost me my uniform!

Unknown Role (None): Calm down, Talochard... We weren't serious.

Unknown Role (None): Don't pay it any mind.

Unknown Role (None): But I mind! I was serious! I care about whether I'm useful! I said I would figure it out from among the four suspects, yet none of them was the culprit! I guess I'm just completely useless.

Unknown Role (None): Editor-in-Chief Euphrasie was right to ask for your help. I should just take off this uniform and leave.

Unknown Role (None): Relevant information detected: Agent Talochard, you can be useful. You can write for The Steambird's fantasy column, just like Editor Jenck suggested...

Unknown Role (None): That's not comforting in the least.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Wouldn't it be better to just name Mr. Baulard the criminal? At least that might make Talochard feel better.

Unknown Role (None): Ahem...

Unknown Role (None): Ms. Paimon, are you suggesting that I lie? Can lies be a source of comfort?

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't count as a lie... Paimon means that when you're comforting someone... sincerity is what counts!

Unknown Role (None): #For example, when Paimon is worried about gaining weight from eating too many Slimes, Traveler might say that Paimon would still be cute even if she gets fat, or something like that.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I would sincerely comfort Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): No, I would feel sorry for the Slimes.

Unknown Role (None): What!? Are you really that concerned about Slimes!?

Unknown Role (None): No, I would just call out Paimon for being a glutton.

Unknown Role (None): Hey! You're supposed to take Paimon's side!

Unknown Role (None): That's enough. Curve can only analyze biological data. He can't understand all of that... Forget it. You can go, Baulard.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Talochard? You...

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon, Traveler, I know you two are both amazing and tenacious.

Unknown Role (None): But I'm just a stupid piece of deadwood that is always rolling downhill and finding new lows. I break at the slightest touch. I'm sorry, but from here on out, I'll just leave everything up to you.

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to buy both of you dinner one last time tonight. We'll go to a nice fancy place like the Hotel Debord, so you won't have to eat the trash I make.

Unknown Role (None): But Paimon hates farewell dinners... Curve, talk some sense into her!

Unknown Role (None): Agent Talochard, I suggest you reconsider writing for The Steambird's fantasy column...

Unknown Role (None): Alright, that's enough! I really need to think things through. Anyway... I'll see all of you at Hotel Debord tonight! Don't forget to come!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon knows Talochard is a straightforward person, but it still feels so sudden. Was today really that bad?

Unknown Role (None): It probably wasn't just about today.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hopes she gets better by tonight. Let's get some rest too. Paimon's quite tired after so much investigating.

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): (An overwhelming amount of tableware is scattered all over the table in a messy yet charming pile that's ripe for the taking.)

Unknown Role (None): A table knife! A table knife just like the one left outside The Steambird!

Unknown Role (None): It must be them...

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): (An archaic clockwork locket. It looks quite old.)

Unknown Role (None): What's this? Looks like it opens.

Unknown Role (None): There's a photo in there. Who is she?

Unknown Role (None): Database responding... Database responding... Database responding...

Unknown Role (None): Failed to retrieve information.

Unknown Role (None): Retrieval failed? Curve, your database wouldn't respond without having relevant information, right? Did water get inside you?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Let's put this away for now. I'll let Curve take a look later...

## Talk 26

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7411518 could not be retrieved

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): You're the smallest here, Paimon, so you be Kevin. I'll be dirty Rocher.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Baulard is here for Dr. Mosso, so let Curve be him. Then all that's left is the redhead...

Unknown Role (None): Leave it to me.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, everyone's got their roles, so let's reenact the night of Sir Arthur's disappearance. What did all of these guys do?

Unknown Role (None): The first thing to reenact is the order of their arrival.

Unknown Role (None): #Incredible! Traveler is absolutely correct. I am the first to arrive...

Unknown Role (None): I'm Rocher, a middle-aged man who was kicked out by his wife. I've been loitering around here because I'm trying to get a job at the paper.

Unknown Role (None): On the night of the incident, I drank a little, and I remember Sir Arthur sitting on its precious pedestal before I got completely drunk. Later on, I fell asleep by the road, and then...

Unknown Role (None): I'm Baulard, the second suspect to arrive at the scene. I immediately noticed that Sir Arthur wasn't where it should be...

Unknown Role (None): So, the real thief stole Sir Arthur between the time of my arrival and Mr. Rocher falling asleep, and that criminal left a letter full of threats for the paper...

Unknown Role (None): Acting on my intelligence officer's instincts, I read the letter left by the thief and took it with me from the scene. After that...

Unknown Role (None): I'm up next! I'm Intrepid Valberry! Director 42 of a criminal gang!

Unknown Role (None): I wanted revenge on the paper, so I planned to run Sir Arthur straight through!

Unknown Role (None): But Sir Arthur was gone when I got there. I was furious! But there was nothing I could do. I just stabbed the knife into the pedestal to scare them and left...

Unknown Role (None): It's finally Paimon's turn! I'm Kevin, a problem child! I'm here to get Sir Arthur to spread the word that my dad's a big fat weasel.

Unknown Role (None): But Sir Arthur was gone, and there was a knife in its favorite pedestal! I tried to look for it, but all I found was a smelly old man...

Unknown Role (None): I somehow woke him, and that terrified me. I took the knife to defend myself and ran as fast as I could! I didn't even notice when a button got torn off my clothes...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, I'm that smelly old man. The commotion Kevin made woke me up, and I vaguely caught sight of him running off with something.

Unknown Role (None): After that, I looked toward the paper's office and saw that Sir Arthur was missing. I was afraid of becoming a suspect, so I hurried back to my usual haunt at the docks.

Unknown Role (None): Is this everything that happened? Paimon thinks our reenactment went perfectly, but did we miss anything?

Unknown Role (None): The threatening letter...

Unknown Role (None): That's right! We forgot about that letter... Since the thief's motive is tied to the incident from thirty years ago, the paper should have some idea about the thief's identity, right?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, but the paper is still in the dark on all of this. We should deliver this letter to them immediately. How could we have overlooked something so crucial...

Unknown Role (None): Because all of you were too busy trying to console me. I'm so sorry for being a burden...

Unknown Role (None): You shouldn't think like that, Talochard. Haven't you read through Dr. Mosso's case files? Those should be really exclusive information.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Now that you mention those, I forgot to tell you about the contents... Hmm... Let's go over there to discuss it.

Unknown Role (None): Dr. Mosso's death is closely linked to the paper, so it feels weird to talk about it right outside their front door.

Unknown Role (None): This spot is perfect. You wanted to know why Dr. Mosso was tried, right? It actually stemmed from public opinion.

Unknown Role (None): Public opinion!?

Unknown Role (None): Well, not long after the existence of Dr. Mosso's lie detector was made public, The Steambird published several articles on it and quickly drew the public's attention.

Unknown Role (None): Relevant information retrieved: "Mosso Exclusive: Behind the Lies," "Mosso Protocols: Protocols to Watch," "Lie Detector? A Game of Authority"...

Unknown Role (None): The paper used special features like these to incite widespread fear and worry among the general public... Soon, public opinion began to turn against Dr. Mosso.

Unknown Role (None): What were they worried about?

Unknown Role (None): For example, how to guarantee that the lie detector's output is credible. What would happen if a suspect in a trial isn't lying, but Curve says he is?

Unknown Role (None): Would mistrials and injustice result? But if Curve's reliability can be guaranteed, then those concerns would evaporate.

Unknown Role (None): Relevant information retrieved: Content from "Lie Detector? A Game of Authority":

Unknown Role (None): "...When using protocols to restrict authority, the central question is not the lie detector's reliability but its ability to remain independent from outside authorities..."

Unknown Role (None): As the article points out, Curve is just a machine. So, what would happen if the people put their trust in Curve, yet someone could control Curve and use it to falsify results?

Unknown Role (None): The Mosso Protocols are there to prevent that, right?

Unknown Role (None): Relevant information retrieved: Content from "Mosso Protocols: Protocols to Watch":

Unknown Role (None): "...It must be noted that as the Mosso Protocols are man-made, there is a possibility of them being modified. This may prove to be a well-concealed trap..."

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Are they accusing Dr. Mosso of secretly tampering or leaving backdoors?

Unknown Role (None): This is just the beginning. All kinds of other characters piled on after The Steambird triggered the first outpouring of public opposition...

Unknown Role (None): Relevant information retrieved: "Fish Can't Live in Clear Water: Reject A Goldfish Bowl World" published by the Seven Nations Gazette, "Shocking Misjudgment of the Lie Detector" published by Short Anthologies...

Unknown Role (None): "Shocking Misjudgment of the Lie Detector"? Did Curve make a mistake?

Unknown Role (None): That was just a lie, of course! Curve was never involved in any case, much less in misjudging one... But that's how public opinion works, and so it was all downhill from there for Dr. Mosso.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, some even came forward and made accusations against the doctor. They called the lie detector a total scam, and all the results were completely manufactured.

Unknown Role (None): They believed the doctor was deceiving the public in an attempt to gain the power to pass judgment over others, and so they demanded the doctor be severely punished and the lie detector be destroyed.

Unknown Role (None): A—aren't those accusations a little too serious? Would anyone even believe stuff like that?

Unknown Role (None): Many did.

Unknown Role (None): They were all just ordinary people, so how could they differentiate the truth from lies? When we don't have access to sufficient information, we believe what others want us to believe.

Unknown Role (None): And it just so happened that at such a critical juncture, The Steambird did something huge: They provided evidence that exposed Dr. Mosso as having falsified results. Their evidence was key to Dr. Mosso's conviction.

Unknown Role (None): Evidence!? Did Dr. Mosso really... deceive everyone?

Unknown Role (None): The doctor refused to admit it of course, and so he died defending himself in a duel. Only then did things start to calm down.

Unknown Role (None): The paper's reputation skyrocketed, and a useless "fake" like Curve was soon forgotten. It was just left with the Marechaussee Phantom as evidence...

Unknown Role (None): So is Curve the real deal or not?

Unknown Role (None): Well, I think Curve is the real deal... and Dr. Mosso was wrongly accused...

Unknown Role (None): Then was the evidence presented by the paper falsified? Or did they make a mistake?

Unknown Role (None): But the person who wrote the threatening letter seems to think that the paper deliberately fabricated those lies in search of fame, profit, or something else.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... Then could she be someone very close to Dr. Mosso, back for revenge?

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon would definitely avenge Traveler if Traveler was wronged like that! Ugh! Paimon can't bear to think about it...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Don't jinx me, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): But Dr. Mosso passed away thirty years ago, so someone very close to him... I wonder if Euphrasie knows anything...

Unknown Role (None): ...Should we go see her then?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, she wasn't in charge of the paper at the time, and I don't think Euphrasie is a bad person...

Unknown Role (None): Fine, looks like we'll have to ask her about it tomorrow. Today was a total information overload, Paimon's head needs some time to recover...

Unknown Role (None): Alright! Then let's head home, get some rest, and meet outside the paper tomorrow morning.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon! Traveler, good evening.

Unknown Role (None): Talochard! Y—Your clothes... You haven't resigned already, have you?

Unknown Role (None): Not just yet. I just took off my uniform because it makes me feel much lighter. So? Do I look good in these?

Unknown Role (None): Not bad at all.

Unknown Role (None): You look much better. Even your voice sounds gentler.

Unknown Role (None): This must be the right life for me. Since I can't do anything well, it's best not to do anything at all.

Unknown Role (None): Stop thinking like that... It just so happened to be a really tricky case.

Unknown Role (None): It isn't just this case. Have you heard of Fontaine's aquabus?

Unknown Role (None): That's how we got to Fontaine!

Unknown Role (None): Then you must have taken the Clementine Line, right? Aeval is the tour guide there, and Elphane is in charge of the Navia Line.

Unknown Role (None): Actually, I used to be a tour guide too. I was the guide on the third line, the Callas Line. It used to travel to the Fontaine Research Institute, but service was suspended due to the incident.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! You used to be a tour guide! That's awesome!

Unknown Role (None): It's not awesome at all. Tour guides aren't exactly the elite. Being assigned as a tour guide is what happens when you're bad at being an agent.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... So you returned to the Marechaussee Phantom because the line stopped operating?

Unknown Role (None): Not quite... I was laid off due to complaints from tourists. Some praised me in person, but wrote complaints as soon as they got home. They said my voice grates, like a crow...

Unknown Role (None): I couldn't accept it... Oh, I don't mean the complaints. I couldn't accept that they told me I was doing well to my face when they clearly had a problem with me.

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you in on a secret — Editor Jenck was the first to complain that I sounded like a crow. He's such a hypocrite.

Unknown Role (None): No wonder you were arguing with him back then... Paimon sorta gets it now...

Unknown Role (None): Let's not dwell on annoying stuff like that, now's the time to focus on enjoying some delicious food!

Unknown Role (None): Hotel Debord was recommended by the official tourist guide. I may not like it, but I think you might.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Talochard.

Unknown Role (None): But shouldn't we wait for Curve? He's not here yet.

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, he doesn't eat this kind of thing anyway. He just wants to record Hotel Debord's data into his lie-learning module.

Unknown Role (None): His lie-learning module... Curve is really special...

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I'm very happy to have met him. However, his core is aging rapidly, so he will go into hibernation mode soon... *sigh* His body parts can be replaced, but not his core...

Unknown Role (None): Hibernate!? Are you trying to say...

Unknown Role (None): He will stop moving... forever... Ugh, I'm really just completely useless, aren't I? I can't solve my cases as an agent, I get complaints as a tour guide, and let's not even talk about my attempts at making breakfast. Now, I can't even manage evidence properly...

Unknown Role (None): Did you sneak out to try and get Curve repaired?

Unknown Role (None): No one but Dr. Mosso can repair Curve. I just wanted him to see more about how humans lie and help him overcome the Mosso Protocols.

Unknown Role (None): Overcome the Mosso Protocols? Why?

Unknown Role (None): That would be amazing! Curve could even become a genuine human!

Unknown Role (None): Feels like Paimon just heard something incredible!

Unknown Role (None): Dr. Mosso's true goal was to create a machine that would gradually become human by understanding lies and humanity. That's Curve's ultimate form!

Unknown Role (None): Legends say that a Fontainian scientist called Alain Guillotin created an amazing thinking machine hundreds of years ago, and Dr. Mosso seemed to want to surpass that.

Unknown Role (None): But can understanding lies make someone human?

Unknown Role (None): Dr. Mosso believed that humans have various reasons for lying, with various feelings underlying those reasons. It is those emotions that make them human.

Unknown Role (None): So he created a no-lying protocol. If Curve learns to lie like humans one day...

Unknown Role (None): Then it means that he's no longer bound by his machine programming, and has acquired human emotions.

Unknown Role (None): We're out here investigating cases because I want him to see how humans lie. I want him to learn...

Unknown Role (None): Then you definitely can't give up. Shouldn't we fight harder to give Curve more time?

Unknown Role (None): But how? Dr. Mosso is gone now...

Unknown Role (None): But his research base is still out there.

Unknown Role (None): Right, there must be a maintenance manual or something.

Unknown Role (None): I went through everything already, and didn't find anything about the base.

Unknown Role (None): How about the newspaper? Would they have any leads?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't the Fatuus say something like that too?

Unknown Role (None): That guy was an amateur. If the Marechaussee Phantom doesn't know, then the newspaper certainly won't...

Unknown Role (None): You're just looking for excuses, Talochard. You're actually just afraid of failure, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): I...

Unknown Role (None): No one fails forever. If you've hit rock bottom, your only way is up.

Unknown Role (None): I've hit rock bottom?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! You even took off your uniform.

Unknown Role (None): So I won't fail anymore?

Unknown Role (None): That's right, you absolutely will not fail again!

Unknown Role (None): In my humble analysis, Ms. Paimon is lying.

Unknown Role (None): Hey, waitasec! Curve! Couldn't you have just shown up a little bit later!?

Unknown Role (None): ...But such lies have a chance to mold reality.

Unknown Role (None): What are you talking about, Curve? Lies molding reality?

Unknown Role (None): Thirty years ago, Dr. Mosso and I performed our first public test in Hotel Debord.

Unknown Role (None): At that time, there were only four tables, eight chairs, and a waiter... who was also the owner.

Unknown Role (None): He said to me, "Restaurant Debord will certainly become a renowned luxury hotel." It was just like Ms. Paimon's statement, a lie based on sincerity.

Unknown Role (None): But today, as you can all see, Debord has exquisite carpeting, expensive decorations, two dining areas, and an endless stream of guests.

Unknown Role (None): I think that if the lie about Debord became true, then the statement that "Agent Talochard will not fail again" has the possibility of becoming true.

Unknown Role (None): Shutting down the lie-learning module.

Unknown Role (None): Um, was Curve being a little odd just now? What was he talking about?

Unknown Role (None): It's the lie-learning module. It resides in Curve's core, and once it's enabled, it makes Curve spew a bunch of illogical nonsense...

Unknown Role (None): I'm starting to doubt Curve's reliability.

Unknown Role (None): I think Curve has a point.

Unknown Role (None): Well... Paimon thinks that some humans say things that don't make sense. Does that mean Curve is improving?

Unknown Role (None): It does.

Unknown Role (None): Talochard, are you gonna give up just when Curve is showing signs of improvement?

Unknown Role (None): Um, well... can you please say that thing again...?

Unknown Role (None): Say what?

Unknown Role (None): You've hit rock bottom!

Unknown Role (None): Oh! That's right! So you can't fail again!

Unknown Role (None): You absolutely will not fail again!

Unknown Role (None): Oh! That's right! Because you've already hit rock bottom!

Unknown Role (None): I get it! Then I'll try again, one more time! If Curve is still learning, then I have to help him!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Talochard really is like a child sometimes... She gets moody so quickly, but also perks up just as quickly...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Is... Is Paimon not mature enough?

Unknown Role (None): You're even shorter than Talochard.

Unknown Role (None): Relax, Paimon, you're pretty mature.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, just stop with the chit-chat! We should take action at once. Since the newspaper might know something, let's keep our eyes on the prize and keep investigating the theft!

Unknown Role (None): Since there are four of us, why don't we each roleplay as a suspect and recreate the crime scene? We might even find a breakthrough.

Unknown Role (None): Wow, Talochard's brain is working fast! Paimon likes that idea. Let's go to The Steambird now.

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): What are you going to show? Do you have any evidence?