# The Gardes' Inventor

Unknown Role (None): Hello, friends.

Unknown Role (None): Um, what business do the Gardes have with us?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe. Why don't you take a guess?

Unknown Role (None): Is this about us flying around the city and scaling its walls?

Unknown Role (None): Is this about me practicing swordplay in the city?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you've done that too, have you? Hang on, let me add it to the list of charges.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you're trying to trick us!

Unknown Role (None): No, I'm just joking. Introductions are in order, I suppose. I'm Chenee, and this is my senior, Frejus.

Unknown Role (None): My senior's come up with a new invention that needs testing. Would the two of you be interested in helping?

Unknown Role (None): A new invention? What sort of thing is it?

Unknown Role (None): A remote-controlled cannon.

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, earlier turret models require an operator nearby, in which case, an enemy just needs to aim at the cannon to get rid of both. But if such weapons can be controlled remotely...

Unknown Role (None): That way, we can minimize casualties.

Unknown Role (None): You invented it so easily, too! I mean, that's why they call you "the Garde who rejected the Fontaine Research Institute's invitation three times"!

Unknown Role (None): Three times rejected? The Institute?

Unknown Role (None): Well...

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Let me tell you, they had their eye on him, alright — they would've paid out the nose to have him do high-end research for 'em.

Unknown Role (None): But he's stayed all this time because he loves his work! Ah, such moving sentiment!

Unknown Role (None): Even so, he could not bear to let his talents go to waste, and so he creates new inventions from time to time to help with our work!

Unknown Role (None): Sounds awesome!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, you flatter me, Chenee. Do you still remember what I said before? The smarter you are, the more important it is to be humble.

Unknown Role (None): Yessir!

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I'd like the two of you to help us verify the feasibility of this remote-controlled cannon. We've already prepped the "field" and the "targets," and rest assured that you will be well paid.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, in that case, you've come to the right adventurers!

Unknown Role (None): The two of us have seen all sorts of stuff during our travels. We can help you figure out if your invention's good to go or not!

Unknown Role (None): Nice! In that case, good luck, all!

Unknown Role (None): Well... This way, if you would.