# Thinking Outside Every Box...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... the route taken by the attacking force, and their coordination with their supporting flank teams when targeting an enemy stronghold... These aspects must be studied further.

Unknown Role (None): #But what about Traveler's unorthodox tactics? They don't seem to make sense at a glance, and yet...

Unknown Role (None): See something you like?

Unknown Role (None): Any textbook examples for your recruits?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed! As you can see, once the main force has been deployed, it is difficult for them to disengage for a short period of time. This window is when covering the enemy's flanks and cutting off their reinforcements becomes crucial.

Unknown Role (None): But with limited troops, it becomes difficult to decide how many to allocate to the support unit.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... If we had the numbers, we could downsize the main force. But if we couldn't spare many, we might not even be able to cut the enemy off... Nobody knows for sure how much manpower we'd have each time.

Unknown Role (None): It's customary for the Special Patrol to form a support unit of about one quarter the strength of the main attacking force, and deploy them to patrol areas where we might expect enemy reinforcements to show up...

Unknown Role (None): Normally, this arrangement would suffice, although there have been exceptions... One time, while the support unit was leisurely patrolling their target area with no enemies in sight, the main force was running thin and had to fight for their lives...

Unknown Role (None): But as for you, Proto-Boss — you planned your attack routes for the main force exceptionally well, coordinating their movements with those of the support unit.

Unknown Role (None): That way, both units could rely on each other for support when it mattered, making the most of our manpower.

Unknown Role (None): When the main assault met heavy resistance, the support unit could act like reinforcements. Likewise, when enemy reinforcements suddenly arrived in force, both teams could move in tandem to intercept. Like an offensive-defensive unit!

Unknown Role (None): That's just how I roll.

Unknown Role (None): Really? I just did whatever...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, thanks to your unorthodox strategy, you've demolished the same third Assault Scenario that had Drillmaster Enghiene stumped...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Fine, I admit defeat! You'll be getting your limited-edition ammunition once we get back!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe! The pleasure's all mine, Drillmaster!

Unknown Role (None): The very same limited-edition bullets used by Captain Chevreuse, renowned for their precision and velocity over long distances... Hehehe...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! Back to the topic at hand, I've always known you had an interest in firearms, Proto-Boss! I talked through some of the necessary application requirements with my colleagues, and you're a perfect fit!

Unknown Role (None): When you're free, we'll find an opportunity to get the relevant paperwork done, check up on your key data, and get you a custom-made musket of your own!