# Outside the Canvas, Inside the Lens: Dew-Kissed Chapter

Unknown Role (None): S—So cold... I definitely shouldn't have just gone out into the wind willy-nilly...

Unknown Role (None): #...Huh? Traveler! Paimon! It's yo—AH-CHOO!

Unknown Role (None): Asagiri? What're you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): Are you okay? How'd you make it out this far all by yourself...

Unknown Role (None): I'm... well... fine! I'm much better now! See, I'm not even coughing anymore.

Unknown Role (None): Haha... ha...

Unknown Role (None): You sure about that?

Unknown Role (None): Let me write back and check.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! No need! I admit it, I sneaked out on my own! Happy?

Unknown Role (None): I... I didn't have a choice. How could I possibly paint beautiful pictures if I just sat in Inazuma all the time?

Unknown Role (None): Even if I have you running around taking pictures for me, picture references can't compare to seeing things with your own eyes.

Unknown Role (None): So, I asked an author I worked with before to contact a merchant ship for me, and quietly hitched a ride with them so I could travel.

Unknown Role (None): And you even brought all your painting tools with you...

Unknown Role (None): But of course! The canvas is my very soul! How could I ever abandon any of them?

Unknown Role (None): Plus, my paintings are selling exceptionally well in Fontaine. A few Fontainian authors have even asked me to do the covers for their novels!

Unknown Role (None): Though... Apparently putting illustrations throughout novels isn't a thing for them! Truly strange...

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, right... Since you happen to be here, Traveler... Would you mind helping me collect some reference materials?

Unknown Role (None): Leave it to me.

Unknown Role (None): Excellent! With you helping out, I know the job's as good as done.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, but don't go running off.

Unknown Role (None): I know! Not like I can deal with those clockwork meka anyway.

Unknown Role (None): When it comes to dealing with all kinds of weird monsters, you're the creme de la creme.

Unknown Role (None): Okay, let me have a look. As it happens, I've received a few more commissions from some authors...