# Missing title (305186271)

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm? Is that you, Traveler, Paimon? Ah, wonderful, excellent timing! I was just about to head to the Adventurers' Guild to post a commission!

Unknown Role (None): #Well, well, well! A commission, coming right to us? Guess we're eating good tonight, Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem... Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh, that's right. As famed adventurers, we've got some standards when it comes to our fees...

Unknown Role (None): Don't you worry about that! As long as you manage the various experimental modules as you did before, you'll be well compensated — I guarantee it!

Unknown Role (None): B—Before? Wait, have we met?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Have you forgotten me again? It's me, Hosseini, a researcher from Sumeru. We've worked together a bunch of times already, you know...?

Unknown Role (None): S—Sorry, we just, uh...

Unknown Role (None): I hope you recall the Energy Amplifier, at least?

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you're Amplifier Man, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing comes to mind there either...

Unknown Role (None): What about "Amplifier Man," then? Surely that rings a bell!

Unknown Role (None): ...Oh, right! It's you! You're the one from The Chasm!

Unknown Role (None): You're a lot more cheerful than when we saw you last... No wonder we didn't recognize you.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, is that so? I guess I'm just that happy, then — I haven't been this lucky in a long while.

Unknown Role (None): Huh. What happened? C'mon, tell us!

Unknown Role (None): Well, it's a long story. After we parted last time, I returned straight to the Akademiya and proposed the idea of an artificial Energy Amplifier based on the data we collected.

Unknown Role (None): At first, my mentor seemed very excited by the proposal. Gave it the "highest praise" right on the spot, in fact. And then...

Unknown Role (None): Then...?

Unknown Role (None): He booted me out of Sumeru to make me run errands for him in Fontaine.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, what? Why? Didn't he praise you?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, he did praise me! For having the gall to submit a fantasy novel as a project proposal, I mean.

Unknown Role (None): Err, no matter how you spin it, that's definitely not praise...

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. I, too, found myself trapped in a pit of despair for some time. However, I had the good fortune of encountering some fine partners and investors here — they took up my project immediately.

Unknown Role (None): With their assistance, I've successfully integrated my previous research with Fontainian techniques to create an artificial Energy Amplifier — the "Hosseini Amplifier."

Unknown Role (None): As long as it passes the tests as my calculations predict it should, forget the trials of the God of Wisdom — I may yet even become a Sage.

Unknown Role (None): Haven't even graduated yet, have we?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! No need to fuss over meaningless confounding variables like that. That's just a tiny twist on the road to success.

Unknown Role (None): The most important thing now is to experimentally verify the actual performance of my Amplifier. That's why I need volunteers to test it within Domains.

Unknown Role (None): #Well, then, Traveler, would you like to volunteer to test my Hosseini Amplifier?

Unknown Role (None): Simply put, you need me to use it while I beat up baddies.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, precisely. I have nothing but faith in your capabilities, but the current Amplifier design isn't quite up to mark, so do be careful.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. Leave it to me!

Unknown Role (None): #Now, Traveler, I have nothing but faith in your capabilities, but the current Amplifier design isn't quite up to mark, so do be careful.