# Finches Are Still the Cutest!

Unknown Role (None): Passing Travelers, I, Basima the Fifth, Amurta researcher, rising mercantile star of the Grand Bazaar and Romaritime Harbor alike, beseech thee not to leave too hastily...

Unknown Role (None): Please. Relax thy body, clear thy mind, and listen closely, for I have a matter of utmost importance to share with you—

Unknown Role (None): Finches are the cutest!

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): ?

Unknown Role (None): Well, sure they are... But Miss Basima, you say you're a researcher... and a merchant, right? You should know saying something like that without any qualifications can lead to serious arguments!

Unknown Role (None): Researchers are super cautious with their words, and merchants generally don't exaggerate too much, either... At least, that was Paimon's impression...

Unknown Role (None): If you go around saying, "My theory is the best" or "My product is the greatest," isn't that just asking for anyone who doesn't buy it to do their best to discredit you?

Unknown Role (None): Hang on, Paimon's getting a sense of déjà vu. It feels like we've had this conversation before...

Unknown Role (None): Well, then I've got something to add to that!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's the cutest!

Unknown Role (None): Period!

Unknown Role (None): #Wha— Traveler, that was really unexpected!

Unknown Role (None): Even if it's not a joke, you shouldn't be so loud...

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha! Now that's the spirit!

Unknown Role (None): Of course I know that! There are no absolute "bests" in this world. Any academic theory can be overturned, and all products can be surpassed by new ones.

Unknown Role (None): But no matter how the objective world changes, everyone has... people and things that they prize most highly — that they will hold most dear no matter what others say.

Unknown Role (None): Those who are afraid of disapproval and who lose confidence in themselves will never become their best selves, and they'll never find someone who truly sees them!

Unknown Role (None): Once you've tried my tabletop game "Bing-Bang Finchball", I'm sure you wouldn't hesitate to shout out "Finches are the cutest!"

Unknown Role (None): Bing-bang... Finchball? You mean those things on the table beside you? Seems kinda familiar, somehow...

Unknown Role (None): That's right, once you've played, you'll see for yourself just how adorable finches are!

Unknown Role (None): I'm currently promoting this tabletop game. Those who get high enough scores can even win rewards!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, y'know what, Paimon finds Finches adorable too, so rewards aren't her top priority. The game just needs to be fun!

Unknown Role (None): #What do you think, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): I'd like to give it a go, too!

Unknown Role (None): Let's see just how cute finches really are!

Unknown Role (None): It seems we're on the same page — in which case, I hope you enjoy your experience to the fullest!