# Operation Downpour Simulation

Unknown Role (None): #Just as we set our strategy and picked our script, the Proto-Boss, Traveler, makes a grand entrance!

Unknown Role (None): Seriously? You believe in that old saying?

Unknown Role (None): "Sensing the heat of impending battle, the Proto-Boss will appear like a bullet from the dark — to commandeer their troops with ruthless efficiency..."

Unknown Role (None): Seems like I showed up right on cue.

Unknown Role (None): More like lightning than a bullet, no?

Unknown Role (None): I see! You mean to say that the velocity of our musket rounds can still be improved... I feel the same way.

Unknown Role (None): #Put a sock in it, Turenna! We got Traveler to come all this way, so let's get down to business!

Unknown Role (None): Fair enough. Musket talk comes later, then. Now, Proto-Boss, I'm sure you're in top form, ready to lead your troops at any time, right?

Unknown Role (None): Is this about a new tabletop wargame?

Unknown Role (None): Right you are! The rules and layout have been updated according to scenarios faced by the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.

Unknown Role (None): Umm, I don't quite get it...

Unknown Role (None): Simply put, after we returned from that cooperative wargame in Liyue, we adapted it to suit the Special Patrol's current needs.

Unknown Role (None): Which is to say that this current iteration is more challenging. We've prepared a number of special scenarios, including some contributions from the Patrol's elites.

Unknown Role (None): Some scenarios are seriously brain-boggling... So why don't you lead us by example, Proto-Boss?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, you'll be handsomely compensated for your help. Go play, get paid — two birds with one stone!

Unknown Role (None): Time to strut my stuff, then!

Unknown Role (None): Getting paid to play? That's the dream.

Unknown Role (None): #Just you watch, Turenna. No matter how good Traveler is, I'm sure the third Assault Scenario will be a real toughie...

Unknown Role (None): #Nonsense! There's no way he'll get stuck on that. Maybe you're just getting rusty, Drillmaster.

Unknown Role (None): T—Turenna! The cheek of you!

Unknown Role (None): Let's bet on it, Drillmaster! I wager... Some of Captain Chevreuse's limited-edition ammunition!