# The Arrival of a...!

Unknown Role (None): Great day, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Someone as famous as you... I bet people are always handing you their business cards.

Unknown Role (None): #Uh... You know us? Traveler, this kid's pretty sophisticated.

Unknown Role (None): Holding another in contempt merely on account of their lack of years is a mistake only the most ignorant would make. I suspect the two of you are not quite so shallow as that.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't intend to flatter myself, but my elder brother and I are famous local film directors. Everyone calls me Mr. Petit Lumiere.

Unknown Role (None): Hello.

Unknown Role (None): Do you plan on giving us your business card as well?

Unknown Role (None): Correct! I am quite keen on learning more about your adventuring experiences. In my industry, extraordinary stories are always in demand.

Unknown Role (None): As you appear not to be well acquainted with me, allow me to introduce myself.

Unknown Role (None): My elder brother and I have been working together to produce films for quite some time, and have already had quite a few blockbuster successes. Perhaps you've seen "Employees Leaving the Factory"...?

Unknown Role (None): Nope.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, that's okay. How about "The Arrival of an Aquabus"?

Unknown Role (None): Haven't seen it either.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, I see...

Unknown Role (None): ...That is nothing too remarkable. The road to fame and stardom upon which we two brothers tread is yet long, and we will certainly make even more popular films in the future.

Unknown Role (None): Film production, constructing and planning narratives, the performances of actors, the cooperation between cameraman and director, and post-production and processing... All of it is a truly fascinating process.

Unknown Role (None): And among all these, I believe that the process of filming itself is the most technically demanding.

Unknown Role (None): What you choose to focus on while filming decides the information that will be conveyed to the audience, the atmosphere they will feel...

Unknown Role (None): Of course, the narration is very important, but you cannot expect a story to rely on narration alone.

Unknown Role (None): Four shots! I've always believed that you only need four shots to construct the smallest divisible unit of a story.

Unknown Role (None): Within just these four shots, a genius can work miracles.

Unknown Role (None): Would the two of you like to try? Seize this opportunity to revel in the glamor and charm of filmmaking!

Unknown Role (None): So, what should we do?

Unknown Role (None): It is simple! I will provide you with a few simple themes that have already been formulated into short scenes.

Unknown Role (None): The important thing is to try out different ways of handling both the narration and the Kamera, and combining them to film a few short scenes. Are the two of you interested?

Unknown Role (None): Our interest has been piqued.

Unknown Role (None): Marvelous! Then, once the two of you are ready, you may go to the filming locations I have already prepared. I will give you feedback on your finished products.