# Semi-Automatic Forging

Unknown Role (None): Hmm. There's still room for improvement here. The hammering force still isn't quite right. The materials used are all the same, so is this due to the difference in forging methods? One where the harder material is made into the outer layer, and one where it becomes the inner layer instead...

Unknown Role (None): If that's the case, should the corresponding force be pre-set, or should I make an adaptive mechanism that sets the force based on forging method instead?

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Y'know, this machine really is fascinating up close, the way it just clangs on the metal by itself — at this rate, it feels like you wouldn't need a blacksmith at all!

Unknown Role (None): Haha. This machine isn't smart enough to "not need a blacksmith" yet. When you need to make something, there are still countless little details that need to be tuned, and the tempering and polishing needs to be done manually as well.

Unknown Role (None): However, one day, I will turn it into a fully automated forge.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, do you have a commission for me?

Unknown Role (None): That hinges on how well the Auto-Smith can perform...

Unknown Role (None): Then, I gotta show you what I've got!

Unknown Role (None): Huh, so you're the blacksmith too, and not just the boss?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I wear both hats, wield both hammers, however you want to put it. Surprised, huh?

Unknown Role (None): People who find out about me for the first time all end up making the expressions you're making right now. "Where are the solid chunks of muscle on her arms? She's even leaner than the average person."

Unknown Role (None): "Yeah, that's right. Can someone like that really work as a blacksmith..." Hmm, those aren't Paimon's thoughts. Paimon just continued your hypothetical conversation without even realizing it...

Unknown Role (None): Haha, no offense taken. Truth be told, letting someone as feeble in body as I serve as a blacksmith is the main point of this machine.

Unknown Role (None): Humans can use tools, and exquisitely-designed tools can make the impossible, possible.

Unknown Role (None): Some say that all automated forgings are hollow and soulless. But if you ask me, the machine is just as much of a tool as a regular smith's hammer. Really, I would love to see those smiths knock metal into shape with their bare hands...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I digress. I'll forge a razor-sharp sword for you right away... Hmm. But it seems like I've run out of materials.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* It appears we've used up too much of our materials during the previous rounds of experiments. What should I do...

Unknown Role (None): Ohh, Paimon knows! For the next phase, Paimon must pull on a mysterious lever. Once Paimon has done that, the forge will rattle and chime before transforming into a mobile mechanism that will leave to seek materials on its own!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Automated material-gathering machines... Feels like that would be a high-demand design as well. But how shall they differentiate between different forms of matter? Could they perhaps use the external reflectivity of surfaces to judge the properties of an object?

Unknown Role (None): Miss Estelle...?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, apologies, I got distracted. As it stands, the Auto-Smith is just a hammering mechanism. It cannot transform nor roam on its own. All the materials it uses must still be delivered by human beings...

Unknown Role (None): Aww...

Unknown Role (None): But if you're interested, you can also give me any spare materials you have collected. When one is testing and tuning their Auto-Smith, there is always a scarcity of resources.

Unknown Role (None): In return... Let me offer you some designs from this workshop!

Unknown Role (None): I smell trade secrets...

Unknown Role (None): Are you sure that's okay?

Unknown Role (None): How should I put it? To me, what matters isn't the "product" that is forged, but the "tool" used for forging.

Unknown Role (None): Letting the Auto-Smith work with different materials to procure more data sets will help the machine create better products down the line. The designs, contrarily, are of lesser importance.

Unknown Role (None): So, we are interested in more than just forging materials. Feel free to bring over anything that you think might be useful.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you aren't trying to scam us with some strange and useless designs, are you? What if the next time we're back, we'll just find an empty shop, with no sign of you, the Auto-Smith, or the materials we handed over to you...

Unknown Role (None): No, that would never happen! This counts as a long-term partnership. In such relationships, nothing is more important than trust. I will make sure that the designs will be of the highest quality.

Unknown Role (None): Besides, even if I could run, it won't be easy for the Auto-Smith to sprout legs and follow...

Unknown Role (None): That's a fair point...

Unknown Role (None): Well, that settles it then!

Unknown Role (None): I'm looking forward to working with you!

Unknown Role (None): I hope this partnership will benefit both of us. Yes, I'm looking forward to seeing what kinds of materials you will bring to the forge.