# The Peaks and Troughs of Life

Unknown Role (None): Blast! Core output is still too inconsistent. My project is done for if it goes on like this...

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): AAAAH! Y—You scared me! It could have turned messy had I pushed this button!

Unknown Role (None): Judging by your look... You're not from the Adventurers' Guild.

Unknown Role (None): Did you publish a commission with the Guild?

Unknown Role (None): No, I don't have the money for that... And I'm no good at dealing with adventurers.

Unknown Role (None): Did you hire adventurers for protection?

Unknown Role (None): I can't afford them. They ask far too much for their services...

Unknown Role (None): I'm just "collaborating" on a project with the Adventurers' Guild...

Unknown Role (None): Oops, I forgot to introduce myself. I am Macadell, a researcher with the Fontaine Research Institute.

Unknown Role (None): The project I worked on was the "Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device."

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to the combined efforts of my fellow team members, we built the first prototype.

Unknown Role (None): Then... Well, like everyone knows, a huge explosion occurred at the Institute.

Unknown Role (None): The project leader and most of the members of the project team perished in the blast.

Unknown Role (None): Apart from me, there's basically nobody else who can continue the work and push the research forward...

Unknown Role (None): But... given the turmoil within the Institute, I must demonstrate its value as soon as possible in order to keep the project alive.

Unknown Role (None): So, after consulting with all parties, the Adventurers' Guild and I reached an accord.

Unknown Role (None): I wanted to use the prototype Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device as the core to create a Pressurized Impactor.

Unknown Role (None): I wanted to use the operational performance of the Pressurized Impactors to prove the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device's reliability.

Unknown Role (None): And I did successfully build the machine, and began operating it.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like everything went fine.

Unknown Role (None): Hahaha, yes, indeed... Until the Pressurized Impactor started running.

Unknown Role (None): That doesn't sound like a problem.

Unknown Role (None): Yes, other than the machine itself, everything worked perfectly.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I'd get a headache every time I talk about this.

Unknown Role (None): I have no idea if the problem is with the prototype's design, or flaws in the Pressurized Impactor's method of energy transfer...

Unknown Role (None): The power going from the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device to the Pressurized Impactor always fluctuated wildly.

Unknown Role (None): And that made the Impactor's output unpredictable as well!

Unknown Role (None): When the output is high, this machine can easily crush rocks. But when output is low, even drilling a hole in mud is challenging.

Unknown Role (None): Given the situation with the Institute, it was basically impossible for me to go back and rebuild the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device...

Unknown Role (None): I can only install an extra surveillance device on the prototype to monitor the strength of its energy output in real-time.

Unknown Role (None): I just have to activate the Pressurized Impactor when the output is at its highest peak to maximize the potential!

Unknown Role (None): That's way too convoluted!

Unknown Role (None): But that's the best and cheapest solution I could think of... What else can I do?

Unknown Role (None): That's not going to work...

Unknown Role (None): Please don't say that! It's the best solution I've got. I swear, it's really useful!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* The Adventurers' Guild is probably thinking the same thing. That's why they haven't sent anyone yet...

Unknown Role (None): What are we going to do? If we don't have the test data, I can't report back to the Institute...

Unknown Role (None): Traveler, if you don't mind, could you help me out?

Unknown Role (None): I assure you, my device is totally reliable! I even made a bunch of plug-ins for it that can enhance its various functionalities!

Unknown Role (None): What if I can't get the timing right?

Unknown Role (None): It's okay, the worst scenario is... that it doesn't have enough output. It won't blow up or anything.

Unknown Role (None): All you have to do is wait for the next energy peak, then turn the machine on to get the maximum output.

Unknown Role (None): It won't blow up on me, will it?

Unknown Role (None): That's absolutely not possible. I added a lot of safety and monitoring devices, so the worst case scenario that it doesn't have enough output. An explosion is impossible.

Unknown Role (None): And even if you miss an energy peak, that's all right too.

Unknown Role (None): Just wait for the next energy peak, then turn the machine on to get the maximum output.

Unknown Role (None): Relax, Traveler. This machine is totally safe, and... after the test is over, I'll even pay you!

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll leave it to you! My future, the future of this machine... And my future place in this project! It's all in your hands!