# Treasures Under the Sea

Unknown Role (None): C'mon, little one, I really don't know how to dive. Look! I don't even have a divesuit.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*... No matter how much you jump and dance, I still can't follow you down there...

Unknown Role (None): Ulman! You came to Fontaine too?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like your "Seelie magnetism" is as strong as ever.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon! Fancy meeting you here again, of all places. Quite the coincidence.

Unknown Role (None): You haven't changed a bit! Still popular with the Seelie. And... it looks like you're getting better and better at communicating with them!

Unknown Role (None): Translate what the Seelie is saying for me, please.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Please don't make fun of me. I don't have a clue what it's trying to say.

Unknown Role (None): I just came here to do some business and decided to take a stroll by the water. Suddenly a Seelie started following me out of nowhere... again.

Unknown Role (None): I'm used to this sort of thing by now, so I followed it. Up hill and down dale, I even had to row a boat for a bit.

Unknown Role (None): Normally, they start bouncing around to tell me "something's buried here!"

Unknown Role (None): But... It keeps diving into the water, deeper and deeper...

Unknown Role (None): But I haven't got a clue how to dive! I've heard other people saying that the waters here not only have powerful currents, but also all kinds of other dangers... All I can do is sit here on my little boat, waiting for it to return.

Unknown Role (None): But that little guy is still leading me to place after place... I really want it to know that I really don't know how to dive...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so you're enjoying the unique Fontaine experience?

Unknown Role (None): Totally and completely. A friendly, passionate, kind nation that you never ever feel like leaving. Ha. Ha. Ha.

Unknown Role (None): I would have thought you were used to monsters by now.

Unknown Role (None): I am indeed! But at least when I run into them on land, I can turn tail and run. Underwater, I haven't a hope of swimming away!

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you're about to ask us for help again, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, yes! Oh, thank the Archons, you haven't yet been influenced by the local customs here too much, you still speak so directly and clearly!

Unknown Role (None): The dramatic, flowery way some Fontainians talk, I just can't take it anymore!

Unknown Role (None): Every twenty words, there's two respectful terms of address, three metaphors, and six adjectives...

Unknown Role (None): I always get straight to the point.

Unknown Role (None): I, being naught but a humble Traveler, have not yet achieved such incredible feats of rhetorical mastery.

Unknown Role (None): Gah! ...I feel like even I'm starting to get influenced... Come on! Take this notebook, I've marked the spots where the little guy has taken me.

Unknown Role (None): Just like before, find the Ancient Iron Coins, bring them to me, and I'll buy them off of you at an excellent price.

Unknown Role (None): Always a pleasure working with you and Paimon.