# Spread Out Less Than an Arcminute!

Unknown Role (None): Take your positions, form ranks, muskets up, take aim, and fire! Repel the enemy advance!

Unknown Role (None): Come take part in the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol's special event, and experience the joy of being a musket sharpshooter!

Unknown Role (None): Musket?

Unknown Role (None): Sharpshooter?

Unknown Role (None): Not a concept we're too familiar with...

Unknown Role (None): Looking at the stall this Garde set up, Paimon can't help but wonder what the event she mentioned could possibly have to do with the Fontinalia Film Festival...?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, it's the Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces! What in the blazes are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): If you two help me promote my booth, I'll be able to hit my quota for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Who in the what now?

Unknown Role (None): I'm confused.

Unknown Role (None): #Uhhh, that blah blah blah Forces thing isn't another weird nickname for Paimon and Traveler, is it?

Unknown Role (None): That's right! It's a title for you two that's becoming popular among some members of the Gardes.

Unknown Role (None): You might not remember, but we've actually met before... But considering how ordinary-looking I am, and the fact that I'm just a mediocre sharpshooter, I'm not surprised that I didn't leave much of an impression.

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's just pretend that this is our first meeting! I'm Turenna, a Special Security and Surveillance Patrol Trainee, and I'm in charge of handling all sorts of odd jobs for the Patrol.

Unknown Role (None): Given how popular the Film Festival is, the Special Patrol is hoping to ride on its coattails by running a publicity campaign, with the aim of spotting hidden talent among the citizenry.

Unknown Role (None): So, ta-da! Behold the shooting simulator on the table in front of you, known as the "Thousand-Pace Interdiction Arcminute Sharpshooting Zone"!

Unknown Role (None): This thing... looks like a little model of the Court of Fontaine?

Unknown Role (None): Aha, but not just the Court of Fontaine! This sand table allows you to change the area, so you can switch to wilderness scenery if you want. Much less spectacular than the Court of Fontaine though...

Unknown Role (None): Combined with a special pair of optical goggles that the Fontaine Research Institute developed for us, it lets you simulate taking out enemies from on high, just like a real Special Patrol sharpshooter!

Unknown Role (None): Basically, it's a game where you simulate using a musket to aim and fire at targets, right?

Unknown Role (None): But the name is so hard to wrap your head around. What are "Interdiction" and "Arcminute" supposed to mean...

Unknown Role (None): *cough* I came up with the event name based on a famous line that Captain Chevreuse once exhorted us with, which aptly expresses our lofty aspirations!

Unknown Role (None): "An outstanding musket sharpshooter always strives for pinpoint accuracy. At a distance of a thousand paces, your shot grouping should be less than an arcminute!"

Unknown Role (None): In reality though, based on the current processing precision of mass-produced muskets and the eyesight of our sharpshooters, achieving a dispersion of less than a single arcminute when firing from any further than a hundred paces away — let alone a thousand — is wishful thinking, to put it mildly...

Unknown Role (None): But if we're talking about Captain Chevreuse, I wouldn't put it past her!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, slow down a second, you're making Paimon dizzy...

Unknown Role (None): Don't get too hung up on technical terms.

Unknown Role (None): All we need to do is have fun.

Unknown Role (None): Super Zenith Boss-Level Force is right! Sometimes it's not worth overthinking things, just give it a go!

Unknown Role (None): When I first joined the Patrol, Captain Chevreuse told me that too!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, please take these goggles, and when you're ready you can start playing with the simulator on the table!

Unknown Role (None): Well, after talking so much, why don't we try it out?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon was curious what it felt like to fire a musket anyway... Looks like it might be fun!