# Imaginary Maze of True Heroes

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, I have a feeling...

Unknown Role (None): After everything, I've finally made it to the place where the story of those two legends began. Seeing how much I've given to be here...

Unknown Role (None): Surely fate will smile upon me too! It won't be long now before I'll meet them once more!

Unknown Role (None): What's that person rambling on about? Judging from how she's dressed, she doesn't seem to be from Mondstadt... D'you think she's from Inazuma?

Unknown Role (None): Aha, you're here, and even sooner than expected! Time for a cheer to celebrate our reunion, "Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor"!

Unknown Role (None): It's been too long, old friend!

Unknown Role (None): S—Souka, is that you!? Paimon never would have expected to see you here in Mondstadt. What a pleasant surprise!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, uh... Who are you again?

Unknown Role (None): You look so familiar... Is it really you, Souka?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, you might have forgotten, but Souka's a writer we met during the Fungi tournament. She's been helping us and Haniyyah take care of our Fungi buddies...

Unknown Role (None): But weren't you previously helping Haniyyah prepare for the next tournament? How come you're in Mondstadt all by yourself?

Unknown Role (None): And all those books in front of you... You're not here to recommend novels to passers-by, are you?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, well, I suppose the main reason is...

Unknown Role (None): I'm being hunted down by Yae Publishing House's editors.

Unknown Role (None): Hunted down!?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, they're not literally going to kill me! They're just constantly pressing me to submit my work by whatever means necessary... I guess if you think about it, they're doing it for my own good!

Unknown Role (None): As a once-popular light novelist, I had to keep producing new content non-stop, both to satisfy our readers' voracious appetites and to maintain my popularity.

Unknown Role (None): But the speed at which our readers get through it all seems to know no limits! If I didn't keep up, it wouldn't be long before I found myself completely snowed under by new requests...

Unknown Role (None): But I couldn't bring myself to rush through the story of my Fungi buddies just to get it finished. After all, it takes time to come up with a good idea and then gradually refine it.

Unknown Role (None): If possible, I'd like to finish writing up the whole story, then go through the revision process before finally publishing it in its entirety. The last thing I want is to agree to serialize, and then have to rush to meet the deadlines for each issue.

Unknown Role (None): So for now, I've decided to start working on a new main piece with a simpler, more manageable story instead. This way, at least the readers won't forget me!

Unknown Role (None): That sounds exhausting...

Unknown Role (None): Guess you've got no choice...

Unknown Role (None): Who'd have thought it... And to think, Paimon used to reckon light novelists had it easy!

Unknown Role (None): A bit of sightseeing here, a bit of "field research" there, then... Poof! They write their novel in a fit of inspiration, the Mora starts rolling in, and it's time to start living the good life.

Unknown Role (None): In reality, only the most naturally gifted writers work like that. For the rest of us, simply planning out and finding the inspiration for the next daily chapter is already enough to drive you to the edge of exhaustion.

Unknown Role (None): Most people can only write so much before they start getting writer's block. And in all honesty, I'm no different... Why else would I have come all this way to Mondstadt with nothing more to go on than an old folk legend?

Unknown Role (None): So this folk legend's the key?

Unknown Role (None): I'm guessing it involves this book on the table?

Unknown Role (None): Spot on! And my plan is to use pictures and a broadcasting device to turn my novel into an audio-visual, three-dimensional reading experience!

Unknown Role (None): The title of this all-new, avant-garde work of mine is "Labyrinth of Legend: A Hero's Journey."

Unknown Role (None): A hero of extraordinary ability unknowingly enters a treacherous labyrinth devised by an evil sorcerer, where they must navigate their way past a whole series of complex mechanisms and deadly traps before finally unearthing the secrets that lie deep within...

Unknown Role (None): But I haven't figured out how it's all going to go yet...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you've certainly got Paimon's attention!

Unknown Role (None): I'll have to think carefully about the core contradictions and rhythm of the story.

Unknown Role (None): With serial novels, the key is to keep the reader on the edge of their seat, so the various puzzles that the hero encounters in the labyrinth will need to be the main story driver.

Unknown Role (None): I just so happened to hear talk of a Domain in Mondstadt filled with all kinds of mysterious mechanisms, so I rushed over here as soon as I could, found it, and started my investigations...

Unknown Role (None): You're always so spontaneous, Souka! So... Did you find any inspiration for your puzzles in there?

Unknown Role (None): There was certainly no shortage of inspiration, but I haven't managed to think of any ingenious solutions to the puzzles yet, without which the plot still feels pretty weak...

Unknown Role (None): All it took was a regular trap to give me a complete battering, and now the clothes Ms. Haniyyah bought me are all ruined! Still, I came out with just enough intel to draft a few important sections.

Unknown Role (None): When it comes down to it, I'm no hero, nor do I have any special abilities, so it's no wonder that I can't come up with specific solutions to the puzzles.

Unknown Role (None): But for you two, the famous "Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor," that won't be a problem at all!

Unknown Role (None): Well, this isn't a surprise, but it's not like we have godlike superpowers or anything, so what made you think of us?

Unknown Role (None): Well, there's no way I could hire a whole team of talented individuals to come gather material for me. As such, I need an intermediary who's closely connected to all sorts of powerful individuals to help me explore the Domain.

Unknown Role (None): #And you, Traveler, are the most experienced, well-connected, and popular person in all of Teyvat... that I can think of!

Unknown Role (None): Simply follow the script I've provided and immerse yourself in a world of text, film, and your own imagination. And once you're in the zone...

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm sure you'll be able to think of suitable heroes and work out how they'd overcome the perils of the labyrinth, based on whatever the situation before you calls for!

Unknown Role (None): Uhh, you mean me?

Unknown Role (None): I do seem like the right person, don't I...

Unknown Role (None): Imagining what happens based on text and images in a novel... We've never tried anything like this before. it's almost like we're becoming authors too!

Unknown Role (None): If all the different people we know came to face this Domain, full of all kinds of mechanisms, there'd certainly be a high chance of lots of wacky stuff happening... Stuff that ordinary people wouldn't even think of!

Unknown Role (None): And that's why you'd be perfect! This way, we can work together to finish designing my new book. On my end, I'll be sure to write a bestselling light novel!

Unknown Role (None): And when that happens, I'll credit you as the co-writer, and we'll split the proceeds!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, you can always trust old friends to be generous.

Unknown Role (None): Alright then, let's give it all we've got!