# Blade Dance's Unexpected End!

Unknown Role (None): Unauthorized combat, unauthorized combat! Seize them immediately!

Unknown Role (None): Upon discovering such a dangerous Domain, you should have reported it straight back to the Maison Gardiennage, not started an unauthorized investigation, let alone used violence... You really are a bloodthirsty one, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): B—B—B—But please! Not only are we not in the Court of Fontaine, but we're beating up monsters! Can we really be arrested for that?

Unknown Role (None): Are you a registered member of the Adventurers' Guild?

Unknown Role (None): N—No, I'm not... I didn't have what it takes to pass their physical tests...

Unknown Role (None): Then presumably you informed the Maison Gardiennage in advance that you planned on using weapons within the borders of Fontaine?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You have to declare in advance that you're planning to use weapons?

Unknown Role (None): Of course you do! If any old Pierre, Paul, or Jacques could start a fight in Fontaine whenever they wanted, where would that leave the Maison Gardiennage?

Unknown Role (None): Waving weapons around like toys without a permit, you're lucky that the Gardemeks didn't treat you like an intruder!

Unknown Role (None): Take a good look at yourself! You're practically a fake Fontainian. Do you seriously think us arresting you would be some grave miscarriage of justice?

Unknown Role (None): I've completely misjudged this whole thing! As a writer, I selected my source material poorly, and should have known better than to overlook the basic setting of the story... A complete dereliction of duty!

Unknown Role (None): We often investigate Domains on a whim...

Unknown Role (None): ...and we've never had to declare anything before?

Unknown Role (None): But it's been ages since we became adventurers, so there shouldn't be a problem, right?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? It's you two! You're both A-listers!

Unknown Role (None): Ahem, my name is Enghiene and I am a veteran member of the Gardes with years of experience out in the wilds. A short time ago, while patrolling nearby, I caught sight of this reckless fellow...

Unknown Role (None): He explained the ins and outs of why he's been loitering around here, and showed me this strange Domain. He also informed me that the two of you were taking part in this "Blade Dance" of his.

Unknown Role (None): Eek!

Unknown Role (None): We had a "smashing" time in there.

Unknown Role (None): Are we under arrest too?

Unknown Role (None): Of course not! On the contrary, in light of the outstanding pluck and valor that the two of you have shown, I'd say you deserve a handsome reward!

Unknown Role (None): Despite the recklessness of his "undeclared use of dangerous weaponry," all we're really talking about here is bringing this rascal in and giving him a verbal warning.

Unknown Role (None): Not like he committed any major crimes, so of course he won't be punished too severely.

Unknown Role (None): Even if it's just a fine, I'm afraid that I have but little Mora to give you...

Unknown Role (None): Don't panic, don't panic!

Unknown Role (None): Though Costentin tends to exaggerate, he's certainly not a bad person... He's just mesmerized by the art and elegance of combat and wants to write a novel, that's all.

Unknown Role (None): Do you hear that? The celebrities are interceding on your behalf... Don't let me catch you making the same mistake again, you reckless — albeit thoroughly decent — fellow!

Unknown Role (None): Next time, I guarantee you I'll do all the necessary preparation before I start another on-site investigation!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, I'll do things by the book and take him back to the Maison Gardiennage for a good tongue-lashing.

Unknown Role (None): Another member of the Gardes will be over later to get this Domain properly cleaned up...

Unknown Role (None): But with you two here, it doesn't really pose a danger anyway.

Unknown Role (None): If you so desire, please feel free to carry on beating up the monsters inside... You'd be doing my colleague a huge favor!

Unknown Role (None): So... We're now a pair of knights in shining armor who've been doubly rewarded — not only by a sword novelist, but by the Maison Gardiennage too! All in all, not a bad little detour, eh?