# Pre-Packaged Solution

Unknown Role (None): These results are far, far better than expected!

Unknown Role (None): Even a whole company couldn't take out as many monsters as you! Based on the current situation, there's no way those monsters can escape the ruins.

Unknown Role (None): How do you feel? Was it hard work?

Unknown Role (None): My vision's a little blurry...

Unknown Role (None): Urgh, yeah. Those muzzle flashes aren't super bright, but Paimon still got dizzy from staring at them for too long...

Unknown Role (None): No problem! A paper I once read mentioned that you can suppress the flash by installing a device at the end of the barrel. It helps lower visual fatigue when firing for long periods.

Unknown Role (None): My ears are still ringing...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon feels like there's a flock of seagulls screaming inside her head!

Unknown Role (None): I have a solution for that! An abandoned engineering project I read mentioned using a multi-chambered muzzle device to slow down the gases responsible for the noise and make the cannon quieter. Unfortunately, the materials required are quite expensive...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, the crisis has been averted, and we've collected enough data to ensure the next version of my cannon will be even better!

Unknown Role (None): I can't thank you enough for your help, Proto-Boss — and, of course, for that of your little assistant!

Unknown Role (None): And lest we forget the vital role you played, Miss Marine... The reward money has already been earmarked for our Proto-Boss, but once I've sold the cannon, I'll split the proceeds with you — fifty-fifty!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? You want to split the money with me!?

Unknown Role (None): I don't care much for Mora, but I wouldn't say no to some fermented Tidalga... and it needs to be wheat-based alcohol, none of that fruity nonsense.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hasn't tried fermented Tidalga before, but it sounds like it's worth a try...

Unknown Role (None): You can't have alcohol, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): You shouldn't eat just anything, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Sure — we can just swap the alcohol with Fonta! That'll do the trick!

Unknown Role (None): I've never heard of this dish before... Where would I go to find it?

Unknown Role (None): This sounds like a perfect opportunity to invent an "Automated Tidalga Pickler."

Unknown Role (None): After all, your Automatic Breakfast Oven works wonders. You clearly have a knack for culinary devices.

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, the market for this sort of food preparation device is huge. It's not like trying to sell cannons, where you need to display their exceptional performance against powerful opponents.

Unknown Role (None): And you don't have to run off to dangerous areas and battle monsters and the like every time you want to test a toaster.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm, you make a good point. Maybe I should try switching my focus...

Unknown Role (None): That said, if I did decide to become an inventor of machines with culinary applications — let's call them kitchen "appliances" — wouldn't all my previous work go to waste? And besides... I'd no longer have any connection to the Gardes!

Unknown Role (None): You...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I guess you're right... Giving up on all your previous work isn't really your style.

Unknown Role (None): Come to think of it, apart from installing Gardemeks' target identification module on our cannon, we could also have some actual Gardemeks serve as "bodyguard meks" within its unit.

Unknown Role (None): With that specialized protection detail in place, we shouldn't have to worry about monsters getting into our gun's blind spots.

Unknown Role (None): That way, you can combine all these machines together and sell them as a "Pre-Packaged Solution"...

Unknown Role (None): Oh! That's not a bad idea! Solving all our customers' problems with one complete package... That's definitely something worth looking into!

Unknown Role (None): It's like they just need to start chatting and the ideas come flowing out...

Unknown Role (None): I bet if we locked them in a room together and kept them there for a few weeks, they'd come up with all sorts of new inventions!