# Special Lighting and the Stars of Tomorrow!

Unknown Role (None): Aha, mwahahahahaha... My two radiant guests, you're finally here!

Unknown Role (None): #You must be the legendary adventurers of Teyvat and rising superstars, Traveler and Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): That's us alright!

Unknown Role (None): We're certainly well known among the Adventurers' Guild, but superstars of Teyvat... perhaps just slightly over the top? After all, there are still many people out there that haven't heard of us...

Unknown Role (None): Do you need our help?

Unknown Role (None): Not just prone to exaggeration, but also a user of strange adjectives...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon feels like everyone we've met who comes straight out with such flattery... ends up asking us to do something for them!

Unknown Role (None): Out with it then, what do you want?

Unknown Role (None): Oh no-no-no-no, I don't want anything from you! I simply wanted to put forward a win-win proposal...

Unknown Role (None): Join forces with me, Fontaine's most talented "experimental" film director Melies, to become the next big star of the big screen!

Unknown Role (None): Once you've made it, money... connections... it's all yours!

Unknown Role (None): Wherever you go in Teyvat, no one will dare to stand in your way, and you'll find yourself walking down an endless red carpet, rolled out just for you!

Unknown Role (None): I'd rather not attract even more unwanted attention...

Unknown Role (None): But I like it when people stand in my way...

Unknown Role (None): But we don't even have much experience acting on Kamera! If it were true that we could get famous just by collaborating with you...

Unknown Role (None): ...Then why aren't you already a super famous director, huh? And where are all the other stars that you've worked with?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, you saw right through me...

Unknown Role (None): If only someone would set up a special training school for actors! I need someone who not only knows how to fight, but also how to control their expressions and inject emotion into their lines. In short, I need someone who can do it all!

Unknown Role (None): But such genius simply doesn't exist! So far, I've only finished planning the regular acting parts of my Avant-garde production. I haven't even started on the action scenes, let alone finished my first film...

Unknown Role (None): I'm worried that I'll have to resort to employing stunt doubles, so that's why you two are such perfect candidates!

Unknown Role (None): Does "stunt doubles" mean what I think it does?

Unknown Role (None): You want us to shoot the fighting scenes?

Unknown Role (None): You've hit the nail on the head! It's the perfect solution to having actors who can't fight...

Unknown Role (None): We are pretty good at fighting, but won't people be able to tell that we're not the same people just by looking at our faces?

Unknown Role (None): In theory, yes. But the action scenes are absolutely central to my experimental production.

Unknown Role (None): If you do a good enough job, I'll make the regular acting scenes into silhouette shots. There weren't even many lines to begin with...

Unknown Role (None): I'll make the other actors cake themselves in makeup, and adjust their silhouettes so they fit your profiles. With a bit of lighting magic, no one will even know the difference!

Unknown Role (None): In a way, the regular actors would actually be your doubles! Anyway, they aren't as well-known as you two. I'll even pay you royalties!

Unknown Role (None): So basically, if we help you, we'll be handed the starring roles on a plate... just like that?

Unknown Role (None): You'll also receive a large payment, and it'll do wonders for your reputation!

Unknown Role (None): #Then it really does sound like it'll pay off! What say you, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Why pass up such a juicy opportunity?

Unknown Role (None): Time to put our acting skills to the test...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you so much for lending a hand! What a dream come true!

Unknown Role (None): Then without further ado, please head over to my experimental studio right away.

Unknown Role (None): There will be four fighting scenes in the film, each with a completely different ambiance. Each scene will also have its very own "Special Lighting."

Unknown Role (None): When the "Special Lighting" comes on, the action will intensify in line with the corresponding place in the script...

Unknown Role (None): With your experience, I'm sure you'll get the hang of it in no time! Once all the remaining scenes are filmed, we'll finally be able to wrap this thing up.