# Rescue the Poor Contract Employee!

Unknown Role (None): Fontinalia Film Festival... Great job! You really outdid yourself this time!

Unknown Role (None): As things stand, finishing the project before the deadline is nothing but a pipe dream...

Unknown Role (None): *sob* *wailing* I'm not just in for a scolding... the boss is literally going to kill me!

Unknown Role (None): Why's that young lady over there crying?

Unknown Role (None): D'you think she needs a doctor? I wonder if there are any professional therapists in Fontaine?

Unknown Role (None): *sobbing* When did you get here...

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your concern, but right now what I need is a doctor that can resurrect my dying career!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's pretty sure that isn't something a doctor can fix!

Unknown Role (None): It's only a job! Worst case scenario, you can always get another one!

Unknown Role (None): Gah! Getting a new job's worse than dying... Everything you've learned goes out the window, and you have to start over from scratch!

Unknown Role (None): Work is pretty important... Maybe we should help?

Unknown Role (None): With how high she's made the stakes seem, we can't stand by and do nothing.

Unknown Role (None): Just talking about it like this won't solve anything, though! Why don't you tell us more about your problem?

Unknown Role (None): That might be a bit hard, considering it's a technical issue. Now, just how can I explain it...

Unknown Role (None): Well, first things first — my name's Helene and I'm an engineer working for the Fontinalia Film Festival's equipment supplier. I'm mainly responsible for developing audiovisual equipment.

Unknown Role (None): To achieve a certain effect when filming, our client requested us to develop a kind of "stabilization platform" that can carry Film Kameras while moving at high speed...

Unknown Role (None): These "stabilization platforms" also needed to be able to carry puppets that look like actors or model animals, playing the part of groups in the background.

Unknown Role (None): That way, they'd be able to keep the Kameras fixed on actors while moving at high speeds, or save them from having to splash out the cash to hire hordes of extras.

Unknown Role (None): On top of that, they insisted that each platform had to be less than a third of the cost of a Kamera, and that its lifespan had to be at least thirty years.

Unknown Role (None): How is anyone that picky!? Even for a master craftsman, producing something cheap but durable that works well is nigh-on impossible!

Unknown Role (None): But I managed it.

Unknown Role (None): After all, the customer is always right! We've had even fussier clients before, and I've nearly run myself into the ground trying to satisfy them.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...Then what's got you in such a huff?

Unknown Role (None): The problem is I don't have anyone to test it! I've created the product, but unless I can get it tested, the project can't be considered complete!

Unknown Role (None): All the testers who have a basic grasp of mechanics or are physically fit enough have already been employed by the Fontinalia Film Festival for more important work...

Unknown Role (None): If the client receives a product that hasn't undergone proper testing, and it turns out there's something wrong with it, I'll have to cough up ten times the original payment amount in compensation!

Unknown Role (None): All I can do is hang around trying to sell our products while I look for some outside assistance...

Unknown Role (None): Even if it means I end up losing money on this contract in the end, so be it. After all, it was my boss that signed the agreement with the client. But I'll be the one on the hook if we have to compensate them ten times the value of the contract!

Unknown Role (None): We've come this far, might as well tell us what testing involves...

Unknown Role (None): That's right! As long as it's nothing too complex, perhaps we can handle some of the simpler stuff.

Unknown Role (None): It might not sound difficult, but it's harder than you think...

Unknown Role (None): To confirm how the stabilization platforms perform when running at extremely high speeds, I set them to "avoid anyone who gets too close" mode.

Unknown Role (None): The tester has to run after stabilization platforms within a specified area, and chase as many platforms as possible into the target area as quickly as possible.

Unknown Role (None): For someone with poor stamina like me, chasing a stabilization platform more than a few steps is enough to make them collapse from exhaustion...

Unknown Role (None): What's so hard about that!?

Unknown Role (None): It's just a bit of running around!

Unknown Role (None): Now that you've described it, Paimon's positive this'll be a piece of cake!

Unknown Role (None): It's just a few machines! Just you wait, we'll be hot on their tails in no time! We might even end up overtaking them if you're lucky. Testing limits and that sorta thing is a walk in the park!

Unknown Role (None): For real? What, genuinely? You're actually serious!?

Unknown Role (None): Then I—I—I'll pay you! Please!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, the commission... We won't say no to that! But under the circumstances, if we accept too much of your money, our consciences wouldn't forgive us!

Unknown Role (None): Just pay us however much you'd usually pay your testers.

Unknown Role (None): Miracle workers, that's what you are! Not just doctors, but miracle workers — here to resurrect my dying career!

Unknown Role (None): The testing site is in an empty Domain near the city. Well, I'll leave it to you two then! You have my undying gratitude!

Unknown Role (None): After this many years in the business, finally a bit of luck! The boss won't be killing me tomorrow after all!

Unknown Role (None): Umm... After you've finished this job, maybe you should consider switching bosses...