# The Case of the Crafting Bench


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): Let's go find Pampa next. It's not far from here.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): Now that we've gathered all the testimonies, shouldn't we go back to the Stadium and look for Sumac?

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you, Traveler, Paimon. I feel much better now.

Unknown Role (None): Phew! Paimon's glad you're okay. You scared the stuffing out of us!

Unknown Role (None): It could have been a tricky misunderstanding to clear up.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! Now that Paimon thinks about it... If that had been some kinda poison, we might be taken for murderers!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's fine. Not to brag or anything, but I've been in superb health since I was little. Why, I can count the number of times I've fallen sick on one hand. This is no biggie.

Unknown Role (None): A will of stone can shatter any obstacle!

Unknown Role (None): You're right! That's the resolve warriors should have.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon! There are obstacles that even willpower won't let you barge through! Should you really be pushing yourself if you've been poisoned!?

Unknown Role (None): Poison isn't exactly a common cold.

Unknown Role (None): True enough — Though I'd say the formula for the potion was fine. It certainly isn't a poison, at any rate.

Unknown Role (None): You mean you got it from a trusted source?

Unknown Role (None): No, I bought it from a merchant named Soncoyoc. He only comes out after sunset, and it just happened to be night when I ran into him! How lucky!

Unknown Role (None): Lucky!? That sounds super suspicious! You totally got scammed — we've gotta find that liar, and set his pants on fire!

Unknown Role (None): There's no need for that, really! I trust my eye for people, he's no charlatan — could it really be that the Crafting Bench is having an off-day?

Unknown Role (None): There's a good chance of that — that being the Crafting Bench, I mean. You haven't been the only victims thus far.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Hampeq! Thanks for your help earlier.

Unknown Role (None): No sweat. Treating those who are injured is one of my duties. Regarding the Crafting Bench, have you ever heard about the "Locusts"?

Unknown Role (None): First time for me.

Unknown Role (None): Oh yeah, sure, they're the whos in the where doing the whatsits, yeah?

Unknown Role (None): Don't act like you're in the know when you obviously don't have a clue!

Unknown Role (None): It's fine if you've never heard of them. We logistics people have never really cared about being praised or being recognized like the true warriors. As far as we're concerned, ours is still honorable work.

Unknown Role (None): In the past, the Hawkwings — the faction I belong to — has always been in charge of the Stadium's various facilities. Rule-abiding sorts, we are, always doing our best to do our part.

Unknown Role (None): But we've not had many new members join in recent years... We've got experience on our side, but even the best can't be everywhere at once when there's so much to do. Can't say we've made no mistakes, either.

Unknown Role (None): Eventually, after taking the opinions of various parties into account, the Speaker's Chamber ruled that we should regularly hold a tournament in which all factions could participate. The winners would earn the right to carry about our noble work.

Unknown Role (None): We were, unfortunately, beaten, and have temporarily lost that honor. Our successors were the Locusts. They run the show quite differently...

Unknown Role (None): If they'd gone and given the work their all, I'd have no gripes. But — and I'm putting this as generously as possible — I've never seen a bunch of louts as hellbent on profit as they are...

Unknown Role (None): And in the latest tournament, we Hawkwings encountered an unusually high number of accidents, hamstringing our performance.

Unknown Role (None): And many were linked using alchemical potions, just like what happened to Sumac.

Unknown Role (None): I've been thinking that they've done... something... to the Crafting Bench. Before, they were just targeting us Hawkwings, but now others have gotten involved... They've gone way over the line!

Unknown Role (None): Umm, you say that, but...

Unknown Role (None): We've only just heard of these factions... It does sound like you've got some serious beef, but...

Unknown Role (None): An utterly despicable pack of scoundrels!

Unknown Role (None): You say that, but those are just guesses right now, aren't they?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah. Without evidence, even the Speaker's Chamber has its hands tied.

Unknown Role (None): It's all my fault! If only I'd been more vigilant... The reason we missed out on collecting hard evidence before is because I never imagined they'd stoop to such low-down, no-good dirty tricks.

Unknown Role (None): I know this sounds crass, but thanks to Sumac's injury, we now have a chance to investigate this affair.

Unknown Role (None): You're an outsider, a third party to this whole conflict. With you as our witnesses, we'll be able to expose The Locusts' perfidy — not just for our sakes, but everyone's.

Unknown Role (None): I get where Mr. Hampeq's coming from. If the factions in charge of public amenities are up to no good, we're all in trouble.

Unknown Role (None): But my testimony alone won't cut it, will it? If we go back now and check out that Crafting Bench out...

Unknown Role (None): It's already too late. The Locusts are a tricksy bunch. It won't be that easy to unmask them. To be honest, the fact that an outsider to our conflict was injured was... a happy accident.

Unknown Role (None): Whatever the case, there's no doubt that any trace of tampering will have been scrubbed clean by the time we investigate the Crafting Bench.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You seem intimately familiar with how the Locusts operate.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. They're our rivals, the ones who stole our glory from us...

Unknown Role (None): ...Anyway, since there's no tournament on today, I'm going to collect testimony from some previous victims. Would you two mind coming along?

Unknown Role (None): Oh boy! Is that drudgery I smell...?

Unknown Role (None): You'll be rewarded generously. This I guarantee.

Unknown Role (None): A fair sum makes drudgery quite tolerable.

Unknown Role (None): And a fair sum you shall have.

Unknown Role (None): Guess we just can't refuse requests for help, can we?

Unknown Role (None): You rest here first, Sumac. We'll meet up with you again once we have the evidence we need.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. *sigh* Sorry for dragging you two into this.

Unknown Role (None): Don't say that! If you had to blame someone... then, uh, blame the Locusts! Yeah, so we're doing this for the good of everyone!

Unknown Role (None): That's right. What we do, we do for the benefit of all, and it is a good thing indeed. Anyway, no time to lose. Let's go down to the outdoor training grounds and collect some testimony.

## Talk 4

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503440 could not be retrieved

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Sour Sauce Ceviche again...?

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong with Sour Sauce Ceviche?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing, really, it's fine. But no matter how good it is, you can't just keep eating the same thing day after day, can you? Though on the other hand, Ripple's been getting a bit pudgy lately, hasn't he? Odd, neither his training nor his caloric intake have changed...

Unknown Role (None): I shan't disturb you any longer.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, it's fine!

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Wait, we're back near the Stadium of the Sacred Flame again? Gah, he's so quick! We only lost sight for a second, and now he's gone...

Unknown Role (None): #Good thing he left footprints, though! Let's follow his tracks, Traveler!

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Hey, Ogun, it's been a while. You still remember the Crafting Bench incident? Just wanted to hear what you have to say about that...

Unknown Role (None): Seriously? You're still hung up about that? What's the point?

Unknown Role (None): Don't you worry, I've got my ways.

Unknown Role (None): Is your way relying on outsiders to interfere?

Unknown Role (None): And here we see dissent in its natural habitat, slaying a cause so the foe need not.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry. I know we're not making the best account of ourselves...

Unknown Role (None): Could you consider me "elite reinforcements" instead?

Unknown Role (None): Outsider you are, and outsider you remain. However...

Unknown Role (None): Pass my training. Prove yourself worthy of my trust. Ask again after that, and you'll get your answers.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, aren't we here to get testimonies? How did this turn into a test of strength?

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, can't help you there. We Hawkwings have traditionally prized strength above all else, and Ogun's an archconservative even by our conservative standards...

Unknown Role (None): Better to just take his challenge rather than waste your breath. I have faith in your abilities.

Unknown Role (None): Okay then...

Unknown Role (None): Done thinking it over? Ready to accept my challenge?

Unknown Role (None): Bring it on.

Unknown Role (None): I'll need a moment to prepare.

Unknown Role (None): See to it, and then come to me.

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Well, how was that? Strong enough for you?

Unknown Role (None): A diamond in the rough, but a diamond nonetheless. What do you want to know?

Unknown Role (None): As agreed, Ogun tells of his previous ordeal, sparing no detail. Hampeq in turn records the testimony as given.

Unknown Role (None): Pah. But what's the use of taking all this testimony? It's a waste of time.

Unknown Role (None): He is no warrior who gives up before battle is joined. I will give it my all, regardless of what you say.

Unknown Role (None): Suit yourself, then.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Amazing. Simply amazing!

Unknown Role (None): Did you get all that? There'll be a test later.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, were you really trying to teach him? We're here to collect testimonies, you know!

Unknown Role (None): We can get down to business now, right?

Unknown Role (None): 'Course we can, I'm a man of my word. I'll tell you all I know.

Unknown Role (None): Pampa vividly recounts the mishap he encountered before, which Hampeq records in a more concise form.

Unknown Role (None): Thank you for your testimony. With this, we're one solid step closer to reclaiming the honor that is rightfully ours.

Unknown Role (None): Really? He sure did a great job telling the story, but as for how useful it'll be...

Unknown Role (None): Hey now, that's where you're a mistaken lil' miss. Form is about decorum, and decorum is crucial, you hear? Crucial! But in case you've never heard, stay a while, and listen...

Unknown Role (None): Err... Can we just go now?

Unknown Role (None): Then it's time we went to find Anela. She should be with the People of the Springs at this time. But before that...

Unknown Role (None): You follow Hampeq to a secluded spot.

Unknown Role (None): What's with all the mystery?

Unknown Role (None): Well, this friend is... special. Sorry for the wait, Tozan. About that thing we agreed on earlier...

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'm here now, aren't I? Sure was a pain in the neck to squirrel these things out under the noses of my factionmates, though.

Unknown Role (None): My thanks. I'm afraid we'll have need of you in the future, too.

Unknown Role (None): Aw, come on! This is for everyone's benefit, isn't it?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, indeed it is. You're a good fellow, worthy of respect. Until you showed up, I'd never have thought that a Locust would go against their own faction's interests...

Unknown Role (None): Ah, to be honest, it breaks my heart to know that some of us have sunk to such contemptible conduct.

Unknown Role (None): And yet, as a Locust, it'd be difficult for me to change the status quo, so some external help is quite welcome indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so you're helping the Hawkwings on the sly, then? W—Wouldn't that make you a traitor?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Why put it in such harsh terms? Are our goals not aligned — to expose evildoers and see them punished?

Unknown Role (None): Well then. The hour grows late, so I'll be taking my leave. If you need anything else, just contact me. Good luck to you.

Unknown Role (None): Tozan leaves without a sound...

Unknown Role (None): So, what he gave you was...

Unknown Role (None): Intel on The Locusts, of course. It will buttress our testimony all the more. Honestly, I'm glad to know that reasonable people like Tozan still exist in that swarm of locusts.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's keep gathering evidence. We can't let his goodwill go to waste. We'll find Anela over with the People of the Springs.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Found you at last, Anela. Would you reconsider the matter I wrote to you about?

Unknown Role (None): Stickier than a tick, you are, chasing me all the way here. Well? What's in it for me?

Unknown Role (None): ...I mean, you are a member of the Hawkwings...

Unknown Role (None): I "was." I may be a good swimmer, but that doesn't mean I'll stay onboard your sinking ship.

Unknown Role (None): Couldn't you at least provide some testimony?

Unknown Role (None): And drop myself in the pot of trouble you're brewing?

Unknown Role (None): Eh, this feels like a waste of time. We should just go back and look for Sumac.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? Well, well, who are these two little cuties? Help you hired, Hampeq?

Unknown Role (None): Y—You could say that.

Unknown Role (None): #Good. I've changed my mind. Youngsters with potential are just my jam. How about this, little lad? If you pass my test, I'll consider giving you a statement after all.

Unknown Role (None): Color me shocked and surprised — a test.

Unknown Role (None): Guess they really are part of the same faction, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Gotta admit, I'm not feeling it right now...

Unknown Role (None): And would a little... extra reward from yours truly sweeten the pot?

Unknown Role (None): Please let us give it a go!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, very good! Shall we begin?

Unknown Role (None): Bring it on.

Unknown Role (None): Let me make some preparations.

Unknown Role (None): No rush, take your time.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): #You're quite the budding talent, for sure. Y'know what? Forget Hampeq — why don't you join up with me instead, lad?

Unknown Role (None): Sounds good. Let's talk terms and compensation.

Unknown Role (None): Hey!

Unknown Role (None): No thanks. I've still got a ton of commissions on my docket...

Unknown Role (None): Let's get back on topic, shall we? We're here to get her testimony, y'know.

Unknown Role (None): That how it is? Shame. But I did agree, so...

Unknown Role (None): Anela lazily relates her unpleasant encounter, while Hampeq pens it down faithfully in its entirety.

Unknown Role (None): That should be all our testimonies squared away... Are you really not coming back, Anela? Should we succeed this time...

Unknown Role (None): You can invite me after the fact. You should know I can't stand men who are clingy despite being total failures — or do you?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, you kids are a different story — my door's always open to you. And if you'd rather take this to a hot spring...

Unknown Role (None): Err, w—we're busy right now! Byeee!

## Talk 12

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503439 could not be retrieved

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): So you're here just to gloat and revel in the humiliation of a defeated opponent? That's not a hobby I'd flaunt.

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): We're back, Sumac. Sorry to keep you waiting!

Unknown Role (None): Hey there! You were gone a pretty long time, to be honest. Did the testimony gathering not go so well?

Unknown Role (None): Well... The Hawkwings have some really weird rules. We had to pass tests before they'd talk to us! And the reasons they gave were all over the place...

Unknown Role (None): If we got a certificate for every test we passed, Paimon would totally be a Master already!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, we're definitely due for a title upgrade.

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I see. Shame I wasn't there to see everything go down, then! Bet I'd have become a skilled fighter in my own right by now.

Unknown Role (None): You're passionate about martial training, aren't you? Still, Paimon's not sure the Hawkwings' methods would be for you.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, Hampeq, it seems like you aren't exactly everyone's favorite fellow. Weren't you all companions once?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Sorry, did something happen?

Unknown Role (None): Well, they're... kinda detached? Like they don't care about what you're doing? Or maybe they don't approve?

Unknown Role (None): It's so strange. Isn't exposing wrongdoing and punishing perpetrators the right thing to do? So why would they act like that...?

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid that the Hawkwings' being scattered like so many grains of sand is a disgrace I must bear responsibility for as one of its members.

Unknown Role (None): Still, I hope that this is our chance to reunite — I'll do anything to regain our honor.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, don't they say that the truth oft winds up in the custody of the few? I won't throw in the towel just because I'm in the minority.

Unknown Role (None): I've heard that one before.

Unknown Role (None): You could always be in the minority because you're mistaken, you know.

Unknown Role (None): Well, the truth will be revealed soon, won't it? The Speaker's Chamber will judge based on the evidence both parties provide, so please, I'd like to ask you to be present as witnesses.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Are you sure my testimony would be valid? Maybe I just had an accident that was totally unrelated to the Locusts.

Unknown Role (None): Also, couldn't you just get Sumac to take the stand? What would we be there for?

Unknown Role (None): No, all of your testimony is absolutely necessary. Don't worry, I won't ask you to act against your convictions or involve you in anything unjust. Just tell the truth — that'll do.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Well, you did help me when I was injured earlier, Mr. Hampeq, so I owe you that much.

Unknown Role (None): #Is it really necessary? Oh well... We might as well help get to the bottom of this, huh, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Thank you all! In that case, let us meet at the outside training grounds in two days.

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Huh, that's quite the crowd! Paimon's getting a bit nervous...

Unknown Role (None): #Hey there, Traveler, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Sumac! There you are. How are you feeling?

Unknown Role (None): Great, thanks to you! Actually, I ended up going to other Crafting Benches to try that potion...

Unknown Role (None): ...Wow, you've got guts.

Unknown Role (None): And it seems like the formula's fine — so yeah, told you I've got a good eye. The problem must've been with the Crafting Bench, then.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, look, we should be starting soon. See that person in the middle? That's Mr. Tenehua, the judge sent by the Speaker's Chamber.

Unknown Role (None): The people facing Mr. Hampeq should be Locust members... Only two of them? That's fewer people than we have!

Unknown Role (None): (Huh, he looks familiar...)

Unknown Role (None): (Ohh, right, so he really was a Locust. But wait, why's he standing on that side...?)

Unknown Role (None): Side? I don't remember joining the Hawkwings.

Unknown Role (None): That's true... Well, be that as it may, you could still say that we're on the side of truth, right?

Unknown Role (None): Ahem. It's about time, so let us get started. I'm sure that all present are well aware of this dispute, so I shall cut to the chase.

Unknown Role (None): State your case, Hampeq.

Unknown Role (None): My thanks for the chance to speak. Everyone knows that the Locusts have replaced us Hawkwings for some time now. Yet, such grudges will not simply vanish.

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure it also goes without saying that we are still capable competitors. If we emerged victorious in another tournament, we would reclaim the glory that was once ours.

Unknown Role (None): But it just so happened that, on the eve of the event, our various contestants met with mishap after mishap... And each victim shared something in common: Their accident happened after using a Locust-managed Crafting Bench.

Unknown Role (None): I don't imagine it's a stretch to conclude that the Locusts were the sole beneficiaries of the resultant injuries. As such, we can see that they had both the motive and the ability to put such a plan into practice...

Unknown Role (None): Just one minute there, bro, I'm going to ask you to slow your roll. Motives and capabilities are one thing, but doing it is a whole different ball game.

Unknown Role (None): Also, let's be real, you're not the only ones who have beef with us. You know how it is. "When you've got 99 problems, what's a couple mo'?"

Unknown Role (None): You think we've got the time to go around exacting revenge, one by one... And besides, I haven't heard of too many people getting injured after using Crafting Benches lately. You sure it's not just your persecution complex acting up?

Unknown Role (None): There haven't been many cases "lately," but they happened, didn't they? And the fact that such targeted attacks stopped happening just as I started investigating is quite unnatural, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, there was a recent victim — someone completely uninvolved in this conflict, in fact.

Unknown Role (None): Sumac, that young lady over there, suddenly felt unwell after ingesting a potion crafted using one of your Crafting Benches just a few days ago. She had to be carried back to the Stadium for treatment.

Unknown Role (None): #The outlander travelers Traveler and Paimon can corroborate her testimony, and the two of them were also present when I collected testimonies from the Hawkwing victims.

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Hampeq speaks the truth. I did verify if the formula was suitable afterward. I can only conclude that the Crafting Bench itself was faulty somehow...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, and speaking of what happened that day, we didn't use that Crafting Bench in the first place because it seemed weird.

Unknown Role (None): #Here also are the victim testimonies, good judge, that I gathered together with Traveler and Paimon. If you would, you two?

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Let me out of here and fight us again if you dare! You hear me!?

## Talk 17

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503441 could not be retrieved

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): As for today's training... Yes, that should do it.

Unknown Role (None): About what happened before...

Unknown Role (None): Though the process had a few twists and turns, the outcome was as I expected.

Unknown Role (None): ...Are you waiting for more commentary? But I've already said all I wish to.

Unknown Role (None): I'll leave you to it, then.

Unknown Role (None): Very well.

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Tlalepa! Tlalepa! Bad news!

Unknown Role (None): *yawn* Seriously? What're you yelling about? Disturbed my beauty sleep, you did.

Unknown Role (None): Someone's exposed us! I was able to smooth it over for the time being, but...

Unknown Role (None): (Wait a minute, we've got two Tozans here!)

Unknown Role (None): (Twins. As I thought.)

Unknown Role (None): (Wow, they do look exactly the same!)

Unknown Role (None): Seriously, bro? Did you invite those two "guests" over as well? And are they here to get pranked, or are you pranking me?

Unknown Role (None): It's you two...

Unknown Role (None): To think you two set up shop right under the noses of everyone who goes to the Stadium and didn't get discovered! Is this what they call "hiding in plain sight"?

Unknown Role (None): You two... Uh, pieces of evidence! We already know your secret. Come with us to the Speaker's Chamber, and let us hear the truth!

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'll have to request that you keep our little secret. Big Bro, you're the one who brought this on us, so you're going to owe me.

Unknown Role (None): Sure.

Unknown Role (None): What? Keep your secret? We're on the side of truth here! We're not that easy to bribe...

Unknown Role (None): Don't get ahead of yourself — Who said anything about a bribe? There's only one way you can be sure a secret's kept.

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): You lock the two of them in the cages for now...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. You two were small time!

Unknown Role (None): I'm honestly more curious...

Unknown Role (None): ...What made you think two-on-one would be fair odds — for you, I mean?

Unknown Role (None): You... You little brat! You're not what you seem at all! ...Two fists against four is unfair, but you alone count for eight at least!

Unknown Role (None): Pfft. Don't be silly. Paimon counts four fists on your team, and four on ours. Fair's fair, and you lost square!

Unknown Role (None): Alright. You win this round. But what about it? Sure, I pulled a trick or two... Does that mean Hampeq's a saint?

Unknown Role (None): You all saw how dumbstruck he was. Everyone did. The Hawkwings' credibility's completely bust. Nothing you do will change that.

Unknown Role (None): I've already won! Reveal my secrets to the Chamber all you want. You won't save the Hawkwings...

Unknown Role (None): That's not for me to decide.

Unknown Role (None): I've no interest in your grievances.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. We're on the side of the truth, nothing more, nothing less! Judging your dispute is up to the Speaker's Chamber.

Unknown Role (None): We should be fine leaving them here for a bit, right? We've gotta hoof it back to the Stadium and tell Tenehua...

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): A—achoo!

Unknown Role (None): ...

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Well, are you ready?

Unknown Role (None): Bring it on.

Unknown Role (None): I was waiting for you to say that.

Unknown Role (None): Hold on...

Unknown Role (None): No worries.

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): Has the mood changed? I feel like I'm getting nervous, too...

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Yo, you've got time to come here?

Unknown Role (None): Do we know you?

Unknown Role (None): We've met, we've talked, so we're friends! Besides, weren't we on the same side during that thing? Don't say you've forgotten already!

Unknown Role (None): I'm on my own side.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Fine, you're right, you're right. I heard even Mr. Tenehua really admires you. Being your friend is a great honor!

Unknown Role (None): I should get going.

Unknown Role (None): Don't let me keep you!

## Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Haha, I didn't think I'd get beaten as soon as I arrived at the Stadium. This story's going to be a riot for my friends back home.

Unknown Role (None): Being the butt of a joke amongst friends is worth it sometimes.

Unknown Role (None): I think so too! My friends call it a kind of "unhealthy masochism," though... But I don't think my health has been negatively affected, so I'm probably fine.

Unknown Role (None): Must be saddening to have your friends laugh at you.

Unknown Role (None): You think so? I don't think they mean any harm. It was a pretty funny scene at any rate — I wouldn't mind if you laughed too.

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): Ready?

Unknown Role (None): Let's begin.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Will do.

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): Much obliged, then.

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): Pampa, we're here about...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I've been waiting. Heard you all just fine, and reckoned I'd be next — just didn't expect to sit through one of Ogun's old-grumbler lectures first.

Unknown Role (None): Nice! That saves us the trouble of explaining. You can start anytime — we'll write it all down!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, no need to be hasty... "Pass my training. Prove yourself worthy of trust. Ask again after that, and you'll get your answers."

Unknown Role (None): This again? Why!?

Unknown Role (None): Don't you think you learn a lot just by watching others overcome obstacles? And if you don't think so, I sure do.

Unknown Role (None): As such, I too would like a chance to learn from you, in return for my testimony. Can't let Ogun monopolize all the fun like that, now can we?

Unknown Role (None): ...Is that how this works?

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Why wouldn't it be? And if you're willing, let's start now!

Unknown Role (None): The sooner the better.

Unknown Role (None): One moment. Let me prep.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. Making a mistake because you're in bad form would suck.

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): I'll leave submitting the victims' testimonies to you.

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): You ready? It is better to be patient at times like this... You can take your time, I'm in no hurry!

Unknown Role (None): Let's begin.

Unknown Role (None): Wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I'm super patient!

## Talk 32

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I'm counting on you two.

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you. Did you make a trip out here just to have some fun with me?

Unknown Role (None): About what happened before...

Unknown Role (None): You've reconsidered my invitation? Or are you thinking of something else?

Unknown Role (None): If you're asking about Hampeq, all I can say is that he brought it on himself. Sure, his opponents were in the wrong, but is he really completely blameless?

Unknown Role (None): Oh my! I hope it doesn't sound like I'm kicking him while he's down. Well, for the sake of my reputation, let's keep that between us for now.

Unknown Role (None): I've got other things to take care of, so I'll be going now.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, really? Such a pity. You be careful out there~

## Talk 34

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503436 could not be retrieved

## Talk 35

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503437 could not be retrieved

## Talk 36

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7503438 could not be retrieved

## Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): #Ready for the test, lad?

Unknown Role (None): Bring it on.

Unknown Role (None): Hold on...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, sure, no problem.

## Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): Pass the Hawkwings victim testimonies to me once you're ready.

## Talk 39

Unknown Role (None): Well, it certainly appears that this is no groundless accusation after all. Any objections, Itzcuin?

Unknown Role (None): Alright, so, let's just say that the Crafting Bench we're responsible for has malfunctioned. That, at most, amounts to... what, negligent management?

Unknown Role (None): I mean, not like we hogged all the glory for ages like the Hawkwings, so we're a bit lacking in experience. Some mistakes are bound to happen. Gotta give us newbies a chance, right?

Unknown Role (None): As for our forerunners, we've got nothing but respect for 'em — But accusing us of sabotaging them? Now that's just too much!

Unknown Role (None): How about this? We'll actively discuss compensation with those who suffered losses due to our oversight. Will that do?

Unknown Role (None): Don't think I'm blind to the strawman you're propping up! You clearly deliberately targeted us Hawkwings. There's no way this was unintentional or the result of some kinda negligence!

Unknown Role (None): And do you have proof of malicious intent? Don't think you can get that from the victim testimonies.

Unknown Role (None): Of course I do! In fact, I've got intel from within your little gang!

Unknown Role (None): See the Loach Pearls on this invoice? The timing of the Locusts' mass purchase of them coincides exactly with that of the Hawkwings' mishaps.

Unknown Role (None): Now, we all know that Loach Pearls are not materials that need to be stockpiled in large amounts, and similar substances were found in the potions imbibed by the victims.

Unknown Role (None): ...Where did you get that invoice?

Unknown Role (None): From a member of your corrupt organization whose conscience hasn't yet breathed its last, of course.

Unknown Role (None): (Judging by his reaction, that sure hit him where it hurts!)

Unknown Role (None): #For safety reasons, I will not disclose this stout-hearted person's name. But I guarantee that Traveler and Paimon were there when I received the invoice, and they can corroborate the event.

Unknown Role (None): We were indeed.

Unknown Role (None): We did indeed encounter a "special friend."

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, they even said it broke their heart to witness such contemptible conduct by other Locusts...

Unknown Role (None): Really? And here I thought we were famous for being earnest dullards. Didn't know we had someone that eloquent on staff. I'd really like to meet 'em.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. Anyway, let's just assume the list in your hands is genuine. So what? It's circumstantial evidence — your accusation remains mere speculation.

Unknown Role (None): This invoice could just as well point to some rotten, traitorous Locusts using our operating funds to buy the Loach Pearls so they can build an artificial hot spring in their backyard.

Unknown Role (None): And wouldn't that be a terrible disgrace for us? Don't worry, I promise we'll investigate thoroughly, and then give a full accounting to everyone. How's that?

Unknown Role (None): How unsightly. Are you really going to just deny everything to the bitter end?

Unknown Role (None): More like your evidence just doesn't cut it.

Unknown Role (None): How about this, then? This picture clearly shows someone tampering with the Crafting Bench, with a chest full of Loach Pearls next to them!

Unknown Role (None): Uh, that person sure looks familiar... Isn't that you, Sumac?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, so it is!

Unknown Role (None): What a coincidence...

Unknown Role (None): Sure is!

Unknown Role (None): Are you some sort of important figure, to be under surveillance like that?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Would someone as ordinary as me really need monitoring?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't expect such a move from you, to be sure... But please, everyone, think for a second. Is this stuff actually proving his claims, or is it simply more of the same old circumstantial evidence?

Unknown Role (None): Even if this picture could prove that someone tampered with the Bench, can you prove that person to be a Locust?

Unknown Role (None): And if I said that this picture was given to me by a Locust, just like that invoice?

Unknown Role (None): #Well, then. Would you, Traveler and Paimon, be able to vouch for that?

Unknown Role (None): No, I don't remember that happening...

Unknown Role (None): I cannot.

Unknown Role (None): This is the first time we're seeing this picture, and judging by your reaction, Sumac, this is your first time as well, right?

Unknown Role (None): Nope, never. Sorry, Mr. Hampeq, but we can't give false testimony.

Unknown Role (None): So, does this "stout-hearted" person you speak of truly exist? Or did you conspire with those fellows over there to invent this story out of whole cloth?

Unknown Role (None): We're a united lot, we Locusts — is that not how we overcame you scattered Hawkwings? I find it... difficult to imagine that we'd have a turncoat amongst us.

Unknown Role (None): #We take on almost any request, but we've got principles, too! We wouldn't lie at a time like this, right, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Though it does seem that the Locusts are not above suspicion, this is not enough to make a final judgment.

Unknown Role (None): If your "stout-hearted" special friend could testify in person, Hampeq, that would make things much simpler! But you claim that there's no such person, yes, Itzcuin?

Unknown Role (None): Absolutely. There's no way a traitor exists among our ranks.

Unknown Role (None): Well, since this has reached an impasse, there's no point in continuing. Unless you have something to add, Hampeq, let's call it for today.

Unknown Role (None): Still, before we adjourn, please submit the evidence you just presented.

## Talk 40

Unknown Role (None): You'll have to submit... the Locusts' Purchase Invoice. Ready?

## Talk 41

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Looks like this is the end of the line, Hampeq.

Unknown Role (None): N—No, we still... We can still... Mr. Tenehua, I'd like to identify the Locust member who provided me with the intel.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? W—Wait a minute... That's not a good idea, is it!?

Unknown Role (None): But before that, I hope that the Speaker's Chamber can extend protection to the person I'm going to identify. That will be no problem, yes?

Unknown Role (None): We can consider it. This Crafting Bench affair is an affair neither big nor small, but the Speaker's Chamber nonetheless hopes for a straightforward end to the dispute.

Unknown Role (None): If both sides agree to this, I assure you that we will not allow any acts of retaliation from the Locusts.

Unknown Role (None): Of course he'd agree. He said it himself, that our goals were aligned — to expose evildoers and see them punished.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, I believe that he came here today precisely because he agrees. Isn't that right, Tozan?

Unknown Role (None): Y'hear that? He named you the traitor.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's trouble. I've got no idea what you're talking about, Mr. Hampeq. I know you're in a hurry to find some way out, but you've got the wrong guy.

Unknown Role (None): What? What's wrong with you? Didn't you give me the Crafting Bench picture yourself? That facility is managed by the Locusts, so only you could have taken that photo...

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's just the thing. I checked that photo, and the Crafting Bench in it isn't one under our management.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, Paimon's getting lost already. We first met Sumac at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame, didn't we? So that Bench must've been the one there, right?

Unknown Role (None): Exactly, I remember it clearly. That was my first time at the Stadium, and I was happy to make good friends, only to meet misfortune not long after.

Unknown Role (None): So, can we take that to mean that the Crafting Bench was a fake, then?

Unknown Role (None): A fake Crafting Bench? How can that be?

Unknown Role (None): Well, if people can fabricate evidence, is a fake Crafting Bench that unbelievable? You know, other than the question of motive—

Unknown Role (None): I mean, it's not like someone would pour effort into a fake Crafting Bench with which to frame us Locusts, not caring if they injured an innocent passerby in the course of fabricating their evidence...

Unknown Role (None): ...Before attempting to use scummy tricks to try and create internal strife between us?

Unknown Role (None): #B—But what about the invoice? Traveler and Paimon were both there when you handed it to me on the tournament rest day. They can vouch for me!

Unknown Role (None): (Let's not think too hard about Tozan's change in attitude first. Let's just tell the truth.)

Unknown Role (None): We did indeed see him.

Unknown Role (None): Wait, you mean the day we had no tournament on? Well, that's weird, because, dear judge Mr. Tenehua, I clearly recall we were soaking in a hot spring on the People of the Springs' turf that very same day.

Unknown Role (None): What? But we saw him, and so close to this place, too...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, hey, now that's crazy talk if I've ever heard it. How can one person be in two places at once? But I had to take a guess based on a certain someone's nature, the one you saw might've been a fake.

Unknown Role (None): I mean, with the Crafting Bench a fake and the witness a bust... Are we sure we can trust the invoice? Are we sure it's not all nonsense?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sure everyone here can figure it out — this is all a frame-up!

Unknown Role (None): ...A frame-up?

Unknown Role (None): #That's right. Whether the Crafting Bench, the injured Sumac, Traveler and Paimon, who were roped in as witnesses... You orchestrated all this yourself, didn't you, Hampeq?

Unknown Role (None): You know that the scattered Hawkwings weren't any match for us. That's why you had to resort to dirty tricks.

Unknown Role (None): Shame, though. You were destined to fail the moment you decided to forge evidence.

Unknown Role (None): Lies will always be exposed. And now, everyone will look upon your every word with suspicion. It won't matter what evidence you present...

Unknown Role (None): "Will it be a fake, just like before?" That's what everyone won't be able to help but think!

Unknown Role (None): There's no credibility left in the Hawkwings, and you're the one to blame — serves you right, thinking that you could indulge your selfish desires under the guise of "justice."

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Nothing to say, then? *sigh* This has proved more complicated than I anticipated. I'm afraid my judgment will have to wait for another day.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon, you were deceived into giving false testimony, so I shall not press charges against you this time.

Unknown Role (None): But my eyes didn't deceive me...

Unknown Role (None): I'm many things, but not a perjurer.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. Paimon was there too! We saw it with our own eyes, and even talked to him! It was him for sure!

Unknown Role (None): So you mean to call me, the judge, a liar?

Unknown Role (None): Well, we're not saying that! Hmm... H—Hey, say something, Hampeq... Or was the Tozan we met that day an impostor you put up to the job?

Unknown Role (None): Impossible. That was the Tozan I know. And he did give me the Crafting Bench picture... I've been had! I don't know how he did it, though...

Unknown Role (None): And the situation is as he says... I could not explain the most crucial mystery, and now, my every word arouses suspicion! ...I've already utterly lost!

Unknown Role (None): Hey, chin up, Mr. Hampeq! We warriors of Natlan don't throw in the towel that easily. Like I said, I've got a good eye for people... I know you're not lying.

Unknown Role (None): Itzcuin was confident when he spoke, and didn't seem like one to purposely lie. But Tozan... Now that's an experienced liar.

Unknown Role (None): But from what happened just now, everyone must've been convinced that Hampeq was the architect of all this...

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, Paimon doesn't know who to trust anymore... Now she's even doubting your words, Sumac! I—Is this what they call a "crisis of confidence"?

Unknown Role (None): At times like these, a little out-of-the-box thinking is needed.

Unknown Role (None): Out of the box? How?

Unknown Role (None): It's not that Hampeq intended this as a frame-up from the start.

Unknown Role (None): Rather, Tozan saw all this coming, and struck first.

Unknown Role (None): Uh... Huh?

Unknown Role (None): So you mean that, suspecting that Mr. Hampeq's investigation might turn up something for real and actually hurt the Locusts...

Unknown Role (None): ...Tozan pretended to help, only to lure him into making the wrong decisions so he could use the case to destroy the Hawkwings' credibility?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... That's definitely possible!

Unknown Role (None): Hello? This thing's over! A done deal! Seriously, this is getting more ludicrous by the moment. What idiocy are you gonna spew next? Going to say we Locusts bought out the judge and had him commit perjury?

Unknown Role (None): I know you don't doubt your eyes, but neither do I.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... I doubt Mr. Tenehua's lying. There's only one possibility left, which is that you all saw Tozan on the same day, but in different places.

Unknown Role (None): But a person can't be in two places at once, can they...?

Unknown Role (None): Well, just like with the Crafting Bench where we first met, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): There were likely two Crafting Benches at the Stadium then.

Unknown Role (None): Two Benches? So you mean that the real one was still in its original spot, and we just encountered a fake, then?

Unknown Role (None): Though you say it was fake... But it wasn't much different from the real deal. If it hadn't been tampered with, it would've functioned normally.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly, so both Crafting Benches were genuine.

Unknown Role (None): Just like there is no fake Tozan — instead, there are two of him.

Unknown Role (None): Two... Tozans...? OH! Paimon knows where you going with this!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, well, if I hadn't known the man himself for so long, I might have seriously considered your hypothesis... Actually, maybe I should give it some thought, hmm?

Unknown Role (None): ...I'm afraid this nonsense is not worth wasting your precious time on, sir.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, come on, Tozan, I was just joking. No need to be so nervous! Anyway, we're done for today. Hampeq, Itzcuin, you stay for a bit. I'll need you to come with me to the Speaker's Chamber...

Unknown Role (None): And as for the rest of you, you're free to go.

Unknown Role (None): I've got other things to do. See you.

Unknown Role (None): Tozan leaves in silence.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* For a moment there, Paimon thought we'd be able to, y'know...

Unknown Role (None): Shazam! Turn things around at the last second, an epic climax!

Unknown Role (None): But guess not. Not that we could provide anything more than guesses, though... What we really needed was two Tozans, right in front of us!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You know, we might actually have a chance at that. Have you heard the story of the foolish thief, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): The foolish thief...? C'mon, don't keep Paimon on tenterhooks, just tell the story!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, alright. Relax. So there was once a foolish thief who stole a gem from someone, and hid it in a place only he knew of.

Unknown Role (None): The owner of the gem only knew who it was who had committed the theft, not where the gem was hidden. But he was a smart man, and so he said to the thief...

Unknown Role (None): "Hey, you! Thief! I know you stole my gem, so I've nicked it right back. Don't believe me? Go see for yourself!"

Unknown Role (None): #The owner's smart, so that's gotta be Traveler and Paimon. That makes the thief and the gem...

Unknown Role (None): #Ah! Paimon's got it, for sure this time! C'mon, Traveler, let's catch up with Tozan. He'll bring us right to his "gem" hidey-hole!

## Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): Is it worth getting that angry over? Honestly...

Unknown Role (None): What's wrong?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You'll really listen? That means a lot. Our little group broke up, you know? And it'd actually been a while, but then suddenly an old friend came knocking...

Unknown Role (None): Why else would someone suddenly connect out of the blue, unless they needed to borrow some money? Anyway, since we were once pretty tight buds, I gotta lend him at least a little, yeah? But oh no, this guy, not only did he not say thanks, he even told me off for not giving him enough!

Unknown Role (None): He even said something about how after the Hawkwings won back their rightful place he'd give me back double, blah blah.... *sigh* Not sure if he's just pigheaded or... Anyway, I'm an adult and generous to boot, so I decided to help as much as I could.

Unknown Role (None): I practically wanna give myself a medal!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry for disturbing you.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Leaving already, just like that? Alrighty, then...

## Talk 99

Unknown Role (None): As for today's training... Yes, that should do it.

Unknown Role (None): What are you doing here?

Unknown Role (None): I'm a coach. Other than developing training regimens, I don't have much else to do.

Unknown Role (None): Sorry to bother you.

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm.

## Talk 100

Unknown Role (None): Tenehua! Good thing you're still here...

Unknown Role (None): You tell him the whole tale...

Unknown Role (None): I've known Tozan for ages. Before he joined the Locusts, even... I've never heard he had a twin brother...

Unknown Role (None): Could it be that he and this Tlalepa been switching places all this time, and we just didn't notice...?

Unknown Role (None): It's quite hard to believe... But I doubt you'd joke about something like this.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you won't be laughing when you get to their hiding place. In fact, you'll be shocked! It's definitely much closer than you think!

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, this is something I must personally verify. And if that's the case, some old cases will require reinvestigating... I'll be busy in the coming days, I expect.

Unknown Role (None): Whatever the case, thank you both very much.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, don't worry, we just don't like scammers... Speaking of which, Sumac helped a lot this time, didn't she?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, and I will remember it. Once the dust settles, I'll ensure that she is rewarded.

Unknown Role (None): Now, I'd love to stay and chat, but as I have important matters at hand, please excuse me.

Unknown Role (None): Again, thank you, and I hope things go well with you.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*


### Additional Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): What's the Hawkwings' little helper looking for me for? I've got nothin' to say to the likes of you.

### Additional Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): ...

### Additional Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Well, feels like things are getting weirder and weirder...

### Additional Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): It's fine, there's still a way...

### Additional Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): If you've got other tricks up your sleeve, by all means, don't hold back. Hit me with everything you've got.

### Additional Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): ...

### Additional Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): I'm not too concerned about the outcome. This just happens to be my duty.

### Additional Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Have I arrived too early? Are we not at the exciting bit yet? Or was there not one?

### Additional Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): So many familiar faces... I can barely breathe. *sigh* The sooner this is over, the better.

### Additional Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, just as I thought.

### Additional Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Wait, could it be...?

### Additional Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): This should be over soon, right? Phew... Now we can finally go back.

### Additional Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Why don't you try it out before you give up?

### Additional Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): It's not over yet, is it? I'm keeping track of the time.

### Additional Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): Giving up halfway ain't a good habit. Sure you don't wanna hang in there a bit?

### Additional Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for your hard work.