(Quest is part of chapter: Chronicler of the Crumbling City)

# The Forsaken Sea of Wisdom

Find and stabilize the Astral Assemblage(s) to activate the Celestial Axis at the center of the Sacred City...

Black Screen Text: As you immerse yourself in the liquid Phlogiston, images flash through your mind like warm memories.
Black Screen Text: Beside the flaming pool, the silver-white and ash-covered shadows converse as such...
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "...Phase Two experimental verification is complete. I name the thing that shall purify all and evolve all 'Huitzilopochtli,' or the 'Sweeping Skyfire'..."
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Not that this matters. Names shall lose meaning in this place very soon, after all."
Immerse (Cold Voice): "The Astral Assemblages must be activated and actively attached to serve as countermeasures against corruption. Before they are completely warped by the Abyss, they will self-destruct and eliminate its influence..."
Immerse (Cold Voice): But how will you accurately identify targets as having been corrupted? A controllable specimen...
Immerse (Cold Voice): Self-experimentation? Has sanity deserted you?
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Hah. This too, is well. If nothing else, this decrepit body may still serve in this manner."
Immerse (Cold Voice): So, you shall be the least likely to survive once this system is activated, then?
Immerse (Cold Voice): Has the Abyss at last rotted your mind? Or... do you simply wish for all your kin to be martyred upon your funeral pyre?
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Such little faith you have in your people! All the lords have consented to this, save you."
Immerse (Cold Voice): They merely follow your plan as though blind, never once considering the true meaning behind the scheme... This action does not have my consent.
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "...That matters little. Destruction... shall also be rebirth. I have made my mind up as such."
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Hah... I fear this is as much time as I can spend awake each day. In any case, I shall activate it once all is prepared."
Immerse (Cold Voice): Is there no room for a different course? I am still searching for another way... Are you certain that you are not bathing the world in flame over some personal grudge?
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Perhaps! I will do anything it takes to keep our shadow-foe beyond the circles of this world."
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "Hah. Besides, 'another way,' you say... Will you really find what you seek from those 'humans' of yours? You are in too deep already. I see it..."
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "I once tried to make you understand... But just as it was with those of our line who sought wisdom through the pools of flame, knowledge and acceptance are two different things."
Immerse (Cold Voice): ...
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "If you believe that I simply wish for 'destruction,' whereas you have a world you wish to construct... Then stop me. Slay me. Prove yourself to me!"
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "But know this, Kukulkan, though it be not prophecy — simply advice from one who once walked this path. A day shall come..."
Black Screen Text (Somber Yet Weary Voice): "...When you shall tread the same road as I."