# The Last Survivor of Tenochtzitoc


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): It's about time. Let's go to the reception and find Pucli.

## Talk 2

Unknown Role (None): We're good friends, Papar — our mothers are good friends too. We promised to build this resort together... How am I supposed to face them with you like this...?

Unknown Role (None): If your mother gets ticked off, she'll get my mother ticked off, and then I'll be in the firing line — if that happens, you better believe I'm gonna make it your problem as well!

Unknown Role (None): So, for the sake of our mothers, could you at least answer me, and let me know you're listening?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): As Tenoyollotzin gazed upon the vast burning plains, a turbid black tide welled up on the horizon.

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I guess I should tell you how our fathers are faring...

Unknown Role (None): Hold on!

Unknown Role (None): Eh? You're awake!?

Unknown Role (None): ...It's that old lady...

Unknown Role (None): Papar, what is it? What old lady?

Unknown Role (None): Silence! Hold them off outside!

Unknown Role (None): If you get any closer, the next time you'll be seeing our mothers is from the inside of a coffin!

Unknown Role (None): Master Pucli, we're here!

Unknown Role (None): Wait, what's going on? You look terrified...

Unknown Role (None): Papar... He's awake, and he called my mother an old hag— There's something wrong. His illness has gotten worse!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? We'd better go check on him!

Unknown Role (None): So this is that out-of-sorts employee?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, you! Clothes off!

Unknown Role (None): A—Are you sure?

Unknown Role (None): He's definitely not one of the resort staff...

Unknown Role (None): Last chance. Get rid of that disguise, or I'll make you wish you did!

Unknown Role (None): Hold on, something's not right...

Unknown Role (None): Citlali steps forward and tears away the costume, but there is nobody inside. All she's left with is a Nochtli costume with traces of lingering warmth.

Unknown Role (None): Are you kidding me? He got away!

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What's going on? Was "Tenoyollotzin" hollow on the inside!?

Unknown Role (None): No, there was someone in this costume, alright, but it looks like they slipped away just before we got here.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, darn it! It must have been Enjou. I can sense the aura of my mark on him...

Unknown Role (None): Wait, so the "Tenoyollotzin" we met just now was Enjou in disguise? How long has he been playing us along!?

Unknown Role (None): Probably since the very beginning...

Unknown Role (None): Wait... If that's not Papar, then where's Papar!? Oh, Archons, I deserve the scolding our mothers are going to give me...

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, we'll get to the bottom of this.

Unknown Role (None): Aaagh! I can't believe Enjou tricked us again! We have to catch him!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, it seems he fled in a hurry. My arrival probably threw him off, which means he might have abandoned some things around the camp...

Unknown Role (None): Then let's get searching for clues!

Unknown Role (None): ...Tch, that old hag! She's even more of a nuisance than I am...

Unknown Role (None): Guess I'll just have to wait and see how things pan out...

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Stop fighting!

Unknown Role (None): Wh—Who are you?

Unknown Role (None): I'm terribly sorry. I'm Pucli, the entertainment supervisor at the resort... But that can wait. No one's hurt, are they?

Unknown Role (None): I'm hurt.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler!? Where'd you get hit? Paimon'll go find a doctor...

Unknown Role (None): I'm just messing around.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! You're going to give Paimon a heart attack! Don't joke about serious stuff like that!

Unknown Role (None): He's hurt.

Unknown Role (None): And quite right too! He deserves it for attacking us out of nowhere like that...

Unknown Role (None): Argh... Tenoyollotzin was wounded in both body and heart. The joyous battle had been halted, leaving him unfulfilled...

Unknown Role (None): Like a brief storm, a faint thunderclap, half a hiss of flames, a thin pall of smoke...

Unknown Role (None): The last survivor of Tenochtzitoc swung his stone club with fury, rending heaven and shattering earth, the volcano in his heart about to erupt...

Unknown Role (None): ...Did he hit himself on the head with his own club or something? If anyone's going to erupt here, it should be us!

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* It's... a very long story. I need to take him back to his hut to rest. I'll explain everything later.

Unknown Role (None): The hut's not far from here. We can meet back up there.

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): He's gone all quiet... What's up with him?

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry for the inconvenience, dear guests. His name is Papar, and he's one of our on-site actors.

Unknown Role (None): On-site actors?

Unknown Role (None): They're quite common in theme parks nowadays — members of staff who role-play as characters and interact with the visitors.

Unknown Role (None): Huh! So you're saying this guy was... just acting?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, but also no... Urgh, please allow me to explain.

Unknown Role (None): We've stationed actors around the themed resort to enhance the immersive experience for our guests. These actors are in character as members of the tribe that once lived here — the Tenochtzitoc.

Unknown Role (None): There was once a great hero from this tribe, known to all of Natlan, who was named Tenoch.

Unknown Role (None): Tenoch! So this was his home!? Then "Tenoyollotzin" is...

Unknown Role (None): "Tenoyollotzin" was a respectful title given to Tenoch. It means "the honored heart of Tenochtzitoc."

Unknown Role (None): The idea was for Papar to perform in encounters with other heroes, and even to allow guests to test their own martial prowess...

Unknown Role (None): Lately, though, something's gotten into him. He's been acting erratically, and nobody can get through to him. You've seen it yourselves... It's like he's reciting a script.

Unknown Role (None): What script!? It's more like he's writing himself into every scene!

Unknown Role (None): In any case, please accept my sincerest apologies for this mess. We'll have to suspend this attraction until the matter is resolved.

Unknown Role (None): Please come back with me, dear guests. We'll make sure to properly compensate you for the trouble caused...

Unknown Role (None): And what about this "Tenoyollotzin" fellow?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! If he runs into some other tourists, they might not get off so easily...

Unknown Role (None): You're right, but please don't worry. I'll make sure to take care of everything.

Unknown Role (None): A tragedy most heartbreaking! The lonesome Tenoyollotzin had yet to fulfill his duty, but now he was beset by baffling, cacophonous interlopers...

Unknown Role (None): He could no longer bear witness to such a ridiculous sight, so he pushed aside the three fools who blocked his way and continued onwards, stone club across his shoulder, to traverse the treacherous unknowns ahead...

Unknown Role (None): You don't even have a stone club! Wait, he's getting away!

Unknown Role (None): Not if I can help it.

Unknown Role (None): Pucli takes out a peculiar blowpipe and takes aim at the fleeing figure...

Unknown Role (None): *Thwip* His aim is true and "Tenoyollotzin" is struck!

Unknown Role (None): *Thump* The hero sways gently for a moment and then collapses to the ground.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! A sneak attack!

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, Papar, but it's time for you to take a nap. I promise we'll find a way to get you better...

Unknown Role (None): Of course I looked for him — I've chased him from Easybreeze Market to Wavey Bay!

Unknown Role (None): He sure seems dangerous... Oh, right!

Unknown Role (None): He was blabbing about "Wanjiru" just now. Do you think this might have something to do with the story of the six heroes of Natlan?

Unknown Role (None): Surely that was just another memorized line, right?

Unknown Role (None): But he sounded like he was talking to someone.

Unknown Role (None): Wanjiru!

Unknown Role (None): ...This was a moment that left no trace in the annals of history! At the very instant those two met, Wanjiru bolted without so much as a backward glance — as if startled by some unseen force!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, it's like there was an invisible actor there... or something. And he said Paimon scared them off!

Unknown Role (None): Invisible? Well, I have heard some rumors about hidden spirits lurking around these parts...

Unknown Role (None): Maybe Papar's gotten himself mixed up in something dangerous. I should find a shaman to help.

Unknown Role (None): As it happens, a young shaman did check into the resort this morning... But it doesn't feel right to bother guests with this sort of thing...

Unknown Role (None): In any case, I'll investigate the rumors regarding the hidden spirits first before deciding what to do.

Unknown Role (None): Since you've got no other leads, why not let us help out? You go dig around for those rumors, and we'll help you look for the shaman!

Unknown Role (None): That's much too kind of you! I wouldn't know how to make it up to two guests if they were to spend their vacation on something like this...

Unknown Role (None): It wouldn't be a very relaxing vacation if we left this problem unresolved.

Unknown Role (None): Exactly! If we wait around, things might get worse! And we've got lots of friends at the resort... It'd be bad if they ran into that Tenoyollotzin guy...

Unknown Role (None): So, hey, we'd be more than happy to help! Point us in the direction of the shaman, and we'll bring him over in a jiffy!

Unknown Role (None): Okay then... You have my sincerest gratitude.

Unknown Role (None): The shaman arrived this morning, and I'm told he's an up-and-coming hotshot in the Masters of the Night-Wind. I'm guessing he's probably wandering around the hill in the northernmost part of Wavey Bay.

Unknown Role (None): Then that's where we're headed! We'll be right back!

Unknown Role (None): Have you asked a doctor to check him out? Maybe he's just gone a little... uhm... loopy?

Unknown Role (None): Isn't that perfect? There should be plenty of tourists from the Masters of the Night-Wind at the resort.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): Hello, you two. Is something the matter?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? The great hero Traveler and Paimon! How fortunate I am to cross paths with you here.

Unknown Role (None): You look familiar! Have we met before?

Unknown Role (None): Have you forgotten? I'm Leyla, that spirit-duffer! You, Master Ororon, and the great shaman Citlali once saved my life!

Unknown Role (None): Leyla recounts an event that happened not too long ago, when you helped a member of the Masters of the Night-Wind return his lost spirit to his body.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's you! Well, you're looking healthy, Leyla! Paimon almost didn't recognize you with your hat on.

Unknown Role (None): ...But, uh... Did you say "Master" Ororon?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, I did! I'm currently studying the mystic arts under Master Ororon's tutelage.

Unknown Role (None): Aaand... does Ororon know about this?

Unknown Role (None): Well! It's something of a... "one-sided teaching relationship."

Unknown Role (None): So he doesn't even know he's your teacher!? What kind of a student are you, then?

Unknown Role (None): As someone who used to be a spirit-duffer, if Citlali hadn't saved me and Ororon hadn't taught me... There's no way I could have ever become a shaman.

Unknown Role (None): If a teacher is like a gardener, I'd gladly be one of their carrots — and let them water me with knowledge!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, do you really think we can rely on this guy?

Unknown Role (None): Come again? I couldn't hear that very well...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, uh... Paimon was just saying how nice it is to run into an old friend!

Unknown Role (None): Master often calls me "friend" as well, but I won't have it. Master is Master, and Master's Granny is Master Granny. That's just how things are.

Unknown Role (None): #As for you, most venerable Traveler, I know that you are friends with the great shaman Citlali... Which makes you my Master Gramps too!

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid it would be discourteous of me to address you simply as "friend."

Unknown Role (None): Sounds to Paimon like you picked up a lot more than just mystic arts from Ororon...

Unknown Role (None): Okay... let's get back to business.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! We're actually here to ask for your help, Leyla!

Unknown Role (None): Help? From me? Rest assured, good masters, whatever task you entrust to me, I shall fulfill it to the best of my abilities!

Unknown Role (None): You explain to Leyla what happened earlier.

Unknown Role (None): I see... So, you think he's being possessed?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. What's your take on the situation?

Unknown Role (None): The Easybreeze Holiday Resort is indeed a location with vibrant spiritual energies, I could sense that as soon as I arrived. So it wouldn't be amiss to assume that some invisible entity could have been involved...

Unknown Role (None): Can you take me to that spot with the swing you mentioned earlier? I'd like to confirm a few things.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing, Leyla! We'll show you the way!

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): This is the spot!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Just as I thought...

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): I truly was held back by apical dominance...

Unknown Role (None): Apica-what now?

Unknown Role (None): It's a botanical phenomenon.

Unknown Role (None): The stems of some vegetables grow incredibly quickly and absorb a large amount of nutrients, impeding the growth of lateral buds and leaves. If you want to encourage more foliage, you have to remove the apical bud at the top of the stem.

Unknown Role (None): Master Ororon said that I was once held back by my spirit-duffer problem. That is, until I found a way to clip it off the top...

Unknown Role (None): And then?

Unknown Role (None): And then I blossomed into a healthy vegetable with lush and verdant foliage.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Teyvat to Leyla, you do remember why we're here, right?

Unknown Role (None): Of course! It might sound like I'm going off topic, but I was just trying to say that I've discovered some traces of spiritual energy.

Unknown Role (None): They're weak and very, very faint. An ordinary shaman might have walked right by without noticing a thing.

Unknown Role (None): But I'm no ordinary shaman anymore! Thanks to Master Ororon... I've grown into a plant to be proud of!

Unknown Role (None): Leyla! Can you please drop the vegetable metaphors and focus on the matter at hand!? You'll have plenty of time to think about stems and buds AFTER we solve this mystery!

Unknown Role (None): #A—Ahh! Yes, uhm... Of course! Just as Master Gramps said, the afflicted actor conversed with some kind of presence here.

Unknown Role (None): I'm going to use my clairvoyance and try to follow these faint traces of spiritual energy. It might be possible to glimpse the presence's true form.

Unknown Role (None): But first, I need to prepare something very important...

Unknown Role (None): Uhm... What are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): There we go!

Unknown Role (None): Carrots?

Unknown Role (None): #What sharp eyes you have, Master Gramps! These are indeed carrots, and this is a carrot ring, but they're not for eating.

Unknown Role (None): We can eat once we've finished our work.

Unknown Role (None): Even once we've finished, these are not for eating...

Unknown Role (None): This is a medium of divination that will help with clairvoyance.

Unknown Role (None): In my tribe, everyone has their own unique method of divination. Some use graffiti, others use smoke or water... I use vegetables.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's novel... but does it actually work?

Unknown Role (None): Master once told me, "Do not underestimate the humble vegetable — it is the eyes and ears of the earth. Born of the soil, gifted with its spirit and blood, it bears the symbols and memories of the land."

Unknown Role (None): Every time you eat vegetables, it's like suckling at the teat of Mother Teyvat... sharing in the histories and mysteries passed down through generations.

Unknown Role (None): That's why we eat vegetables and not grass or leaves.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh! Paimon's never eating another vegetable as long as she lives! She'd rather eat Slimes!

Unknown Role (None): That's a pity, Paimon. You could have a chance to grow your wisdom.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...Please just continue with whatever you're doing, Leyla. Paimon won't say anything ever again...

Unknown Role (None): Feel free to speak your mind, Master Paimon! Thank you for allowing me to share my knowledge with you both.

Unknown Role (None): Can you please just start already!?

Unknown Role (None): #Of course! Here, Paimon, and you too, Master Gramps.

Unknown Role (None): Put your hands on my shoulders. It will help you see...

Unknown Role (None): Uhm... Is this safe?

Unknown Role (None): I've gleaned from the spiritual traces that the hidden presence is neither powerful nor violent. So yes, I think it's quite safe.

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, let's get started...

Unknown Role (None): Carrot ring, o carrot ring — make visible these unseen things!

Unknown Role (None): Show me, show me, where is their grave?

Unknown Role (None): Carrot ring, o carrot ring — make visible these unseen things!

Unknown Role (None): Show me, show me, where did they fall?

Unknown Role (None): Please allow me to see...

Unknown Role (None): How did things turn out this way... Oh, man, my head hurts...

Unknown Role (None): Are you okay, Leyla?

Unknown Role (None): I'm fine! But I'm afraid I've reached my limit. Did you see that? Truly remarkable, I dare say...

Unknown Role (None): It was like a dream...

Unknown Role (None): What did it all mean?

Unknown Role (None): All I know is that the Asha on the swing is probably the spirit you're looking for. Although I'm not sure how it gained the ability to hide itself...

Unknown Role (None): Moreover, the spiritual energy traces belong to more than just one Asha, which lines up with what we saw. There must be several of them nearby.

Unknown Role (None): Are they the cause of the problem?

Unknown Role (None): It's hard to say. But it's likely that actor started to lose control of himself because he was affected in some way by the Asha's departure.

Unknown Role (None): If we can track down those Asha, we should at least be able to calm him down.

Unknown Role (None): So that's how it is... Vegetables aside, it looks like you've learned some real skills, Leyla!

Unknown Role (None): I have to work hard not to tarnish Master's good name!

Unknown Role (None): What about the ones we saw later on?

Unknown Role (None): I, too, am more concerned about what we saw afterwards... The fabric those Asha were gathered around — it looked a lot like the woven scrolls we use in the Masters of the Night-Wind.

Unknown Role (None): And that mysterious place that appeared later, along with the strange figure standing in the carrot ring... It all felt very familiar somehow, but I'm not sure why...

Unknown Role (None): That's okay, we can think about that stuff later. For now, we have leads that could help that "Tenoyollotzin" guy!

Unknown Role (None): #Right... But, uh, Paimon, Master Gramps... I think I'll excuse myself from that.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Why?

Unknown Role (None): The truth is... I feel a little uneasy.

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you just say you've grown into a vegetable Ororon could be proud of!?

Unknown Role (None): Indeed... But even the carrots are whispering warnings, "When the field is filled with crops, frost will come to claim them."

Unknown Role (None): That sounds serious...

Unknown Role (None): The great shaman Citlali instructed me to come to Tenochtzitoc to relax... but she also told me to let her know if things started to get strange.

Unknown Role (None): Citlali sent you here? Aren't you on vacation?

Unknown Role (None): Whether this is a vacation or not depends entirely on the whims of the aforementioned "frost." Right now, all I want to do is rush back to Master's greenhouse...

Unknown Role (None): Okay, you're starting to make Paimon feel nervous now...

Unknown Role (None): Fear not, Paimon! The tallest vegetables are always the first to fall to frost — you should be safe for a while.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and speaking of vegetables, you can keep these carrots. Now that the divination's over, they've turned into spirit mediums for the Asha.

Unknown Role (None): Just sprinkle some of their juice into your eyes, and you'll be able to see the invisible Asha. That should help you track them down.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Leyla.

Unknown Role (None): #I should be the one thanking you! It's an honor to be able to help you out, Master Gramps. I'll be going now, so take care, and good luck in your search!

Unknown Role (None): ...And there he goes. Do you think he was overreacting?

Unknown Role (None): Overreacting or not, let's watch our step.

Unknown Role (None): Okay! Let's go back to the hut first and check on our guy.

Unknown Role (None): No need to worry — if things go wrong, there are plenty of vegetables taller than us in this garden.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Paimon feels a little better hearing you say that. Let's go back to the hut and check on our guy.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon hopes what we learned about the Asha will come in handy!

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): #<color=#E1A4D0>Traveler, Paimon!</color>

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Someone's calling for us... It sounds like Citlali!

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>I've found you at last...</color>

Unknown Role (None): En—En—Enjou!?

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>It's me, Citlali.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Citlali!?

Unknown Role (None): #Ahem... Well, long time no see, Traveler and Paimon! I have to admit, this isn't what I thought our reunion would look like...

Unknown Role (None): He's gone back to being Enjou again!

Unknown Role (None): Hearing the voice of that old hag come out of my youthful mouth is beyond mortifying...

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Shut up before I make you!</color>

Unknown Role (None): Are you okay, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>I'm fine. My body's back in the main hall, but I used a spell to attach a part of my spirit to this fool's body — this way, I can put him to good use.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Citlali's amazing, Paimon can't believe she can actually control Enjou's body!

Unknown Role (None): Don't let her fool you — she's not that powerful! I'm only letting her do this because I cut a deal with her.

Unknown Role (None): A deal? So you sold your own body?

Unknown Role (None): In a partial, temporary, and limited transaction.

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>One that allows me to ensure your safety and keep him from threatening us. Anyway, I'm glad you're safe, both of you.</color>

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Here, this is Sanhaj's ritual sword, the Calamity of Eshu. I borrowed it from the chief before I set off from the Masters of the Night-Wind.</color>

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Since we don't know much about this area you're in, it's probably best to keep it close at hand, just in case.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, so this is what he used to summon the Night Kingdom?

Unknown Role (None): What a rare and precious treasure... I don't suppose it'd be a problem if I just... touched it for a moment?

Unknown Role (None): In your dreams! We're holding onto this!

Unknown Role (None): So stingy! Don't you know that I was the one who found the relics used by Sanhaj to open up his passages? I didn't kick up a fuss when they fell neatly into your hands, did I?

Unknown Role (None): You could learn a thing or two from someone with my magnanimity, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler... Paimon really wants to give this guy a good slap, but she doesn't want to accidentally end up hitting Citlali...

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Slap away. It won't hurt me.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Well, excuse me! I'm just a clerk — I've never hurt a soul. Is the crime of my wanting to come here and have a look around really deserving of such unjust violence?

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>He's not wrong... Papar wasn't hurt — I checked.</color>

Unknown Role (None): But we were tricked! He hurt our feelings!

Unknown Role (None): I fully sympathize, Paimon, I do. But as you can see, I now have an old hag bouncing around in my brain.

Unknown Role (None): If that isn't punishment enough, then I'm afraid you might as well just kill me!

Unknown Role (None): Sounds good to me!

Unknown Role (None): #Et tu, Traveler? I thought a hero of your acclaim would say something in my defense, but here you stand, poised to strike me down with a cold blade!

Unknown Role (None): As long as it doesn't affect Citlali.

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Well said.</color>

Unknown Role (None): ...Let's stop talking about this. Present circumstances dictate that we should be trying to work together.

Unknown Role (None): Fine, I'll put in a good word for you.

Unknown Role (None): That's better. Now we're acting more like a team.

Unknown Role (None): ...Remind Paimon, since when were we ever a "team"?

Unknown Role (None): This is the Mare Jivari, it's not like we have a choice! We've been in the same boat since the very start, and our enemies are the metaphorical sea and its storms.

Unknown Role (None): You all saw that scary creature just now, right? Although it was also my first time laying eyes on it, my wealth of wisdom tells me that it was likely Bakunawa's permeation...

Unknown Role (None): If we don't deal with it, it'll eat us. If it eats us, it'll get stronger. If it gets stronger, it'll escape into Natlan and continue eating until there's nothing left.

Unknown Role (None): Bakunawa... That's the monster that Tenoch and the six heroes of ancient Natlan fought against... Wait, didn't they defeat it?

Unknown Role (None): Ha! You wish. The worst part about the beast is that it has even stronger immortality than the rest of "Gold"'s creations. Its "permeation" is no simple humus or chalk...

Unknown Role (None): The power contained within it was something that even "Gold" and the Abyss Order couldn't harness. A power that can corrupt even the passage of time...

Unknown Role (None): Venti also mentioned something about the contamination of time in the Mare Jivari... So this monster's the one behind it?

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>We did encounter our fair share of obstacles on the way here, maybe because people were trying to keep Bakunawa from escaping through the seals... Is that why the Mare disappeared...?</color>

Unknown Role (None): Wait, we didn't break the seals by coming here, did we!?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Let's just assume that we're in a different time from Bakunawa for now.

Unknown Role (None): Th—Then how are we gonna get home!?

Unknown Role (None): Our path is clear, Paimon. If the problem lies in Bakunawa's permeation, then in the name of the Abyss Order, we must slay the beast!

Unknown Role (None): ...Why are you acting like a good guy all of a sudden? Pick a side and stick to it, will you?

Unknown Role (None): Perhaps if you were more well-read, you would understand. The "New Tide Anthology" states that "principles" are defined by their "flexibility." Flexible principles, are to be in principle, flexible.

Unknown Role (None): In any case, the time has come for us to fight!

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): It was just a sedative, Papar. You're alright, don't worry.

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Do you remember that time we helped Leyla get his spirit back? The whole time he was being tricked by that "Kokuchuu" guy.

Unknown Role (None): If I'm not mistaken, it was he that Leyla saw during his ritual.

Unknown Role (None): So, I looked into this guy and found out he once escaped from Kinich while using the name "Sanka"... It turns out he's one slippery rat.

Unknown Role (None): Kinich even told me you've crossed paths with him before...

Unknown Role (None): We've crossed paths... Wait, there's no way... I—It's Enjou!?

Unknown Role (None): "Enjou"? Is that his real name...

Unknown Role (None): It could be another alias.

Unknown Role (None): Whatever he's called, he's a clerk who works for the Abyss Order. He's great at lying and great at slipping away... Are you here to catch him, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): So he's an Abyss Order goon. Well, we can't let him get away now, can we?

Unknown Role (None): (That rat! He should know you don't mess with an old lady's pride, yet that lousy fiend took me for a fool! Just you wait, Granny Itztli's going to make you regret the day you were born!)

Unknown Role (None): Umm... Hey, Citlali! Is everything okay? You're making a really scary face...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, do you still have the stuff I left with you last time?

Unknown Role (None): #Stuff? Uhm, Traveler, maybe we should take a look...

Unknown Role (None): (Take out Sanhaj's relic)

Unknown Role (None): Alright, it's still in good condition. Now the other one.

Unknown Role (None): (Take out the map)

Unknown Role (None): Well, that's a relief. I was worried Enjou might have swiped them from you.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! That great big liar wouldn't dare show his face around us!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, be careful. He's lurking somewhere nearby.

Unknown Role (None): He is!? How can you be so sure?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... He may have gotten away from us last time, but I made sure to leave a mark on him. That way, I can track the rat no matter what hole he decides to crawl into. As long as he's nearby, I'll be able to sense him.

Unknown Role (None): I had a vague sense of where he was from the moment I set foot in the resort. I never expected to bump into you two while tracking him, though.

Unknown Role (None): So you're saying he's nearby?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Unfortunately, the mark only gives me a rough guide to where he is... otherwise, I'd have caught him already.

Unknown Role (None): #We should work together, Traveler. I get a sense that Enjou might have something to do with that employee's strange behavior.

Unknown Role (None): Awesome! With Citlali here, there's nothing to fear!

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): That's weird... There should be a weapon here, right?

Unknown Role (None): There are words carved on the back of this stone... Hmm, it belonged to Sanhaj.

Unknown Role (None): This was Sanhaj's weapon? Where did it go... Ah! Could it be...

Unknown Role (None): The relic?

Unknown Role (None): Let's put it there and see if it does anything!

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Are you ready?

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): The second to come forward and embrace Tenoyollotzin was the brave Menilek...

Unknown Role (None): That's right. The third was the cunning Sanhaj Kompore, the fourth was the young Burkina, and the fifth was Sundjatta...

Unknown Role (None): Papar, what do you want to do? You can't go looking for them now, they've been gone for hundreds of years...

Unknown Role (None): The sixth to go with Tenoyollotzin was the nemesis from his youth, the giant Tupac...

Unknown Role (None): How am I supposed to explain to your mother how you ended up like this...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! He's awake!

Unknown Role (None): You're back! Don't worry, he's just reciting lines again. The witch doctor's sedatives are very effective. His erratic behavior earlier was probably due to something agitating him.

Unknown Role (None): That's a relief! Anyway, Pucli, we found the shaman, and he told us what to do.

Unknown Role (None): You tell Pucli what happened with Leyla.

Unknown Role (None): So it was all because of the Asha... Well, that's a surprise, but knowing that should make things easier.

Unknown Role (None): Easier? How? The resort's huge, how are we supposed to track down a bunch of invisible Asha?

Unknown Role (None): I'll handle that. I'll get my staff to investigate supernatural occurrences around the resort — things like empty swings moving on their own. That way, we might just find our invisible Asha.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like a plan!

Unknown Role (None): Given our lack of knowledge on the Asha, this is our only choice right now...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, those Asha are really strange... They look like Monetoo, but their colors are way more vibrant, and they seem to be smarter!

Unknown Role (None): That's one way of looking at it, but it might be more helpful to think of them as having a soul.

Unknown Role (None): In Tenochtzitoc culture, the word "Asha" has two meanings, one of which roughly translates to "benevolent soul."

Unknown Role (None): Many believe that Asha are Monetoo with a soul, and that's why they're smarter and more approachable.

Unknown Role (None): Ohh, Paimon gets it! So what's the other meaning? Hehe, Paimon bets it's got something to do with the spirit of summertime that embodies this resort!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that's not a bad guess, but the second meaning is actually something closer to "ashes."

Unknown Role (None): Ashes?

Unknown Role (None): Yes, ashes blown over from the Mare Jivari.

Unknown Role (None): So the Asha are connected to the Mare Jivari?

Unknown Role (None): You may not know this, but there's a vast tract of land to the West of Tenochtzitoc that was once the Mare Jivari. It is a place of sorrow born from the Abyssal invasion.

Unknown Role (None): Warriors were reduced to dust, their souls imprisoned and bound to the land. That is, until the whole Mare Jivari mysteriously vanished about twenty years ago.

Unknown Role (None): It was around that time that the Asha first appeared. Naturally, people made the connection to the Mare Jivari.

Unknown Role (None): No wonder they're so willing to approach the people of Natlan. They're all caught up in the legend of the Mare Jivari...

Unknown Role (None): #Hey, Traveler! Paimon just thought of something. When Leyla showed us that strange place just now, it looked like the place we went to search for Bennett before! You don't think...

Unknown Role (None): It's possible.

Unknown Role (None): It's just a legend.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, there I go, getting sidetracked. I'm going to focus on Papar first. Give me a day, and I'll round up all the locations where the invisible Asha might show up.

Unknown Role (None): What are you going to do about him?

Unknown Role (None): I plan to let him stay here for now. He might get unnecessarily stimulated if he leaves this familiar environment.

Unknown Role (None): The resort has also designated this a restricted area, so rest assured that no tourists will accidentally come wandering by.

Unknown Role (None): That's good... Papar attacked us, but we won't hold it against him. We'll find a way to cure him for sure!

Unknown Role (None): And so, Tenoyollotzin gathered allies from the six great tribes. Glittering like the flames of roaring wildfire, they crashed into the mountains of darkness...

Unknown Role (None): ...Stay strong, Papar! Even in your imaginary quest to be a hero...!

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): Sure! Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's a little worried about this one... but okay, let's go!

## Talk 14

Unknown Role (None): You place Sanhaj's relic on the stone...

Unknown Role (None): #Look! The seat in the center... It's glowing! Traveler... Do you wanna try sitting on it?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! Paimon! Where are you?

Unknown Role (None): #(Traveler disappeared after he sat on the pedestal. Did he get transported somewhere else? Ugh, it's too dangerous, I've got to follow him...)

Unknown Role (None): (Wait, no way! I'm the only one who knows what's happened, I can't just rush in after them. The Tzitzimitl can't stray too far from me, either... If we all get trapped inside, we're dead meat...)

Unknown Role (None): #(But I can't just walk away! That Abyss Order rat could show up at any moment... I can't let him threaten Traveler and Paimon.)

Unknown Role (None): (...This is bad. I have to find a way to inform Mavuika, or at least leave a message that can be passed on to her...)

Unknown Role (None): Oh my, oh my, I'm sorry to be a bother, but may I ask if this is the Hotel of the Sacred Flame? What stylish chairs it has.

Unknown Role (None): ...When it rains, it pours.

Unknown Role (None): Oh my, oh my, could it be? The fearsome Granny Itztli, the one who's been chasing me everywhere... When did you get into the customer service industry?

Unknown Role (None): Abyssal rat! Still running that rodent mouth of yours! Is this another one of your schemes?

Unknown Role (None): I admit that I can be somewhat loquacious, and I adore a good scheme as much as the next "Abyssal rat"... but this is my first time visiting this tawdry establishment.

Unknown Role (None): I thought I'd be able to reach the Mare Jivari through that woven scroll — who would've thought it would take me here? I guess this is what people mean when they say "it's a small world"?

Unknown Role (None): Oh my! I must be disturbing you during your shift, Granny Itztli. I shall take my leave.

Unknown Role (None): See yourself out.

Unknown Role (None): My! You're really letting a perfectly good customer go? Won't this look bad for your key performance indicators?

Unknown Role (None): Granny doesn't have the time to entertain you right now, so please get your sorry hind out of my sight.

Unknown Role (None): #Of course, of course... I don't suppose this has anything to do with Traveler's mysterious absence? We're old friends, you know, me and him. I just thought I should say hello, seeing as I'm here...

Unknown Role (None): #...Or perhaps I could draw your attention to his familiar scent left behind on that chair over there? Might I investigate?

Unknown Role (None): #Wow, scent? Guess I was wrong about you. Rather than a rat, you appear to be Traveler's Abyssal mutt.

Unknown Role (None): Why, I am most offended... Such vitriol... From the mouth of a dear old lady, no less!

Unknown Role (None): #You mistake me — I'm just so touched that a little lost dog would travel a thousand miles to reunite with its master... It's enough to move Granny to tears.

Unknown Role (None): Well then, Itzpapa, let the mangy dog perform his trick.

Unknown Role (None): Well? You have been taught how to sit, surely? Or do you need a treat to coax it out of you?

Unknown Role (None): ...I must admit, as a representative of the Abyss Order, I am... slightly perturbed by your sudden change in attitude, Granny.

Unknown Role (None): So not a dog, but a scaredy-cat instead? The Abyss Order can't possibly be full of cowards like you — no wonder they're stuck wallowing in mediocrity.

Unknown Role (None): Think not of my incompetence as something all my colleagues possess. I am, as you first said, merely a rat subject to the mockeries of others. Being cautious is how a rat survives, no?

Unknown Role (None): So, just to be sure that I'm not about to walk into a trap, how about we make a deal, Granny?

Unknown Role (None): Papar, the employee who was role-playing a hero, is currently safe. Might I exchange him for safe passage to the Mare Jivari?

Unknown Role (None): As long as I can reach the Mare unhindered, I can guarantee that Papar will return to his friend, and all will be well. What do you think, dear Granny?

Unknown Role (None): ...And what exactly do you want to do in the Mare Jivari?

Unknown Role (None): The elderly should know better than to hover over the shoulders of the youth, prying into all their personal secrets.

Unknown Role (None): Hmph... Such flowery speech, it's a pity I can't be bothered to commit it to memory. However, you'd do best to remember every word I'm about to say.

Unknown Role (None): That seems a little unfair...

Unknown Role (None): Isn't it the duty of a grandson to listen to their Granny? Keep those ears peeled, lest I peel them off your head.

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): The throne behind me leads to a place none of us knows about. If you want to go there, you'd best become as compliant as a docile capybara.

Unknown Role (None): #No vandalism, no hurting the flora, find Traveler and Paimon, and ensure their safety.

Unknown Role (None): #Understood. I swear on Traveler's name to do as you say.

Unknown Role (None): You young people are always so keen on swearing oaths. As for an old-timer like me, I prefer a safer approach. I just need you to cooperate for a moment...

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean by cooperate?

Unknown Role (None): Hush, hush, my ratty little grandson. This won't take long...

Unknown Role (None): Itzpapa, hold him down!

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): The plan went really well. I'll leave those Asha to you. Huh? Why are you still... *cough*

Unknown Role (None): And so, Tenoyollotzin gathered allies from the six great tribes. Glittering like the flames of roaring wildfire, they crashed into the mountains of darkness...

## Talk 16

Unknown Role (None): According to Pucli, the hidden Asha should be somewhere around here.

Unknown Role (None): Guess that means it's time to use Leyla's magic carrots, right? Let's give it a try!

Unknown Role (None): You squeeze some juice out of the carrots and gently apply it to both your eyes and Paimon's.

Unknown Role (None): ...That smells fresh and yummy, hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, look! There's an Asha, right there! On the lake! Whoa, Paimon can't believe those carrots actually worked!

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 18

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 19

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Ah, you're both here.

Unknown Role (None): Hey Pucli! Any news?

Unknown Role (None): Surprisingly, no. Although I did come across some suspicious information.

Unknown Role (None): It dates back to when we were planning the construction of Easybreeze Holiday Resort. Workers near the "Tenoyollotzin" huts often complained that their materials had gone missing.

Unknown Role (None): The missing materials were soon found in the wilderness nearby, but no one ever admitted to moving them.

Unknown Role (None): There were also rumors of workers being frightened by water rippling when there was no wind, or wild beasts being spooked for unknown reasons... all around the same area.

Unknown Role (None): Well, that sounds just like the work of invisible Asha. But why'd they only show up in one area?

Unknown Role (None): I also found it strange. Maybe there's something special near the huts?

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like we'd better conduct some fieldwork.

Unknown Role (None): Let me mark the location on your map. In the meantime, I'll head to the huts to check on my staff.

## Talk 21

Unknown Role (None): We found three reports... and they're all incredible!

## Talk 22

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. We'll set out as soon as you're ready.

## Talk 23

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Looks like this is the last one nearby. They seem to like us a lot, huh? They're not scared at all!

Unknown Role (None): Time to head back to the huts!

Unknown Role (None): #Huh? Traveler? Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Citlali! What are you doing here!

Unknown Role (None): I'm just as surprised as you two. But it's a welcome surprise.

Unknown Role (None): I'm happy to see you too, Citlali.

Unknown Role (None): Were you also invited to the resort to kick back and relax?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. If I wanted an "easy breezy" day, I'd have just stayed in bed...

Unknown Role (None): So, you're here because of Leyla, I take it?

Unknown Role (None): Sharp as always, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): Leyla told me everything he saw. Everything points towards the Mare Jivari.

Unknown Role (None): So it's really the Mare Jivari? But didn't it... you know, disappear?

Unknown Role (None): If it had really disappeared, then it shouldn't be possible to perceive it in any way. I suspect that it was hidden by some kind of power, which would explain why Leyla could see it.

Unknown Role (None): But enough of that. I'm not here for the Mare Jivari either. My main target's the person who showed up in Leyla's clairvoyance...

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So, you know who they are then, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): Are you just acting cute?

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, if you intend to investigate this matter, please be careful! I'll return to the resort to report on the situation.

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Where in the world are we...?

Unknown Role (None): I was unaware that such a place exists in Natlan...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Paimon can't believe even Citlali doesn't know where we are!

Unknown Role (None): Blast! My connection to the Wayob's been severed...

Unknown Role (None): What does that mean!?

Unknown Role (None): It means we're probably not in Natlan anymore.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? How? We were in the resort just a few seconds ago!

Unknown Role (None): I'd explain it if I could. Even though I can't sense the Wayob anymore, I can still sense the Night Kingdom's presence... This doesn't make sense...

Unknown Role (None): Let's look around. Maybe we'll find some answers.

Unknown Role (None): Better than standing around and gawking. Let's move, but be careful.

## Talk 26

Unknown Role (None): Our staff are undergoing field training, so this attraction is temporarily closed.

## Talk 27

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7523041 could not be retrieved

## Talk 28

Unknown Role (None): He might have left some things around his camp in his hurry to leave. Let's take a look around.

## Talk 29

Unknown Role (None): ...

## Talk 30

Unknown Role (None): Let's go.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's a little worried about this one... but okay, let's go!

## Talk 31

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7523042 could not be retrieved

## Talk 32

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Wait a moment.

Unknown Role (None): Alright. We'll set out as soon as you're ready.

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): If Papar isn't in "Tenoyollotzin," then where IS Papar?!

## Talk 34

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7523043 could not be retrieved

## Talk 35

Unknown Role (None): About "Bakunawa"...

Unknown Role (None): Of all the Abyssal monsters that attacked Natlan five hundred years ago, Bakunawa was the most terrifying. It was said to have devoured entire villages of tribespeople and could not be killed...

Unknown Role (None): Even when it was beheaded or had its body chopped into pieces, the remains would somehow continue to grow, seeking each other out and eventually... forming a new, revitalized Bakunawa.

Unknown Role (None): What in the... How was it finally defeated, then?

Unknown Role (None): Through Tenoch's sacrifice. He let Sanhaj perform Phlogiston Engraving on his body in order to unleash the power of border spells. Then, Tenoch allowed himself to be eaten by the beast.

Unknown Role (None): With Tenoch's body as the ritual offering, Sanhaj summoned a miniature Night Kingdom inside Bakunawa's belly.

Unknown Role (None): The clash between the powers of the Abyss, the Lord of the Night, and Tenoch's spirit in Bakunawa's body led to a violent explosion that shattered the monster into innumerable pieces.

Unknown Role (None): Yet even so, some believe it never truly died, and that its rebirth was merely suppressed by the chaotic energies unleashed in the blast.

Unknown Role (None): If the right conditions are met, the beast's remains could potentially still grow into a new Bakunawa once more...

## Talk 36

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7523044 could not be retrieved

## Talk 37

Unknown Role (None): Did we get rid of it? Woohoo, we're awesome! That's the biggest bad guy we've ever taken down!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Judging by the potency of the energy we just dealt with, that may only have been one piece of Bakunawa's body.

Unknown Role (None): But even if it's only one of many, I'm sure it will've left something useful behind... Let's see...

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Stop right there.</color>

Unknown Role (None): You heard her, Enjou! Stay put!

Unknown Role (None): What's this now? Are your companions naught but arrows in your quiver, fit only to be strung, shot, and then abandoned?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, remind me, who was it who dealt the crucial blow to Bakunawa just now, hmm? Is this how you treat the backbone of your team?

Unknown Role (None): B—B—Backbone!? Keep dreaming...

Unknown Role (None): What exactly are you after?

Unknown Role (None): All that is unknown etches itself into the desires of my soul.

Unknown Role (None): The corpse of Bakunawa may be laden with ancient treasures it once devoured, surely such artifacts would be priceless...

Unknown Role (None): #<color=#E1A4D0>Try harder. You've been hunting for clues about the Mare Jivari since Traveler's arrival in Natlan. There's no way your end goal is something so vague.</color>

Unknown Role (None): You can't lie your way outta this one, Enjou! What secrets are you hiding? We're not giving up until you spill the beans!

Unknown Role (None): Lie? Why, I'm not lying at all... But since you insist, I'll grace you with a story.

Unknown Role (None): Many years ago, there existed a kingdom in a broken land. The king was wise and powerful — he loved his people and was beloved by them.

Unknown Role (None): Later, when a powerful enemy attacked the kingdom, the king sacrificed his life to save it. Upon his death, his most steadfast follower succeeded him.

Unknown Role (None): Yet evil still lurked in the shadows, its creeping corruption poisoning the new king. Once more, the kingdom was plunged into torment...

Unknown Role (None): Civil war broke out across the kingdom, splitting it into factions. The wicked king was slain, and his people were exiled from the land.

Unknown Role (None): These exiles split into two different groups. One chose to accept their exile, and abandoned their homeland forever.

Unknown Role (None): The other group refused to leave, until they were allowed to settle down elsewhere, albeit in the most barren and remote part of their nation.

Unknown Role (None): They lived in neglect for millennia until darkness returned once more. The kingdom was still divided, and these exiles were the first to raise their weapons.

Unknown Role (None): Although they were destitute, not a single one of them retreated or fled. With the same stubborn spirit that bade them never abandon their homeland all those years ago, they fought and died until, at last, only one remained.

Unknown Role (None): You're not going to tell us that survivor... was you!?

Unknown Role (None): Hmph. It seems like eating too many Slimes really can make someone a dullard...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon was just guessing! Where'd you get off being so mean!

Unknown Role (None): ...In any case, that man's name was Tenoch, and the lost settlement was known as Tenochtzitoc.

Unknown Role (None): Its people were warriors who wielded the power of Anemo. Some people named the place where their bones were buried the "Windless Land."

Unknown Role (None): While their brothers and sisters — who 500 years before departed from their homeland — headed to the true land of wind. There, they were known by another name, the "Muratans"... However, that's a story for another day.

Unknown Role (None): Does this mean... you're one of these Muratan people?

Unknown Role (None): R—Really? Is he lying again, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): #Don't shout so loudly, or you'll kill off all dear Traveler's brain cells. As for your beloved Granny Itztli... She can no longer respond to you.

Unknown Role (None): What did you do to her!?

Unknown Role (None): Nothing of consequence, I merely drove her away. Stories all have a purpose, and I thank you for taking the time to listen to this one, as it has allowed me to familiarize myself with some of Bakunawa's powers.

Unknown Role (None): From now on, that old hag shan't be bothering us anymore.

Unknown Role (None): You sneaky, lying, scheming, evil Abyssal rat!

Unknown Role (None): Flexible principles, Paimon, flexible principles. See, that is where your problem lies. You never listen to what others have to say.

Unknown Role (None): Who exactly are you, and what's your objective?

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, I have seen the glory of Vindagnyr perish, buried beneath the snow. I have witnessed the Sunchildren dancing in their Whitenight, and beheld the magnificence of Gurabad, submerged in the sea of sand...

Unknown Role (None): I have touched the vessels of flesh and blood in the Moshiri Ceremonial Site, the broken colossi of Remuria, and brushed my fingers across the soiled colors of the murals in the Vucub Caquix Tower...

Unknown Role (None): I know how Mondstadt's old aristocracy was overthrown, how the people of Liyue began the great migration of the Guili Assembly, and how the loyalists of Orobaxi fought against the disciples of Narukami.

Unknown Role (None): I even know how the people of Tenochtzitoc perished in battle, and how the Muratans left for a distant land...

Unknown Role (None): But none of these places in my memory belong to me. They are like shooting stars, merely flitting across my sky with a spark, then fading away into nothing.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, Paimon. I serve the Abyss Order, but the Order is not my home. What about you two? Where is your home?

Unknown Role (None): ...Ah, so you cannot answer that. Or perhaps you do not wish to answer?

Unknown Role (None): Very well. I will be heading deeper to continue my investigation. Maybe we shall never see each other again.

Unknown Role (None): #But know this, Traveler. Without the power of Bakunawa, you will never be able to enter the true Mare Jivari. Allow me to leave you a final parting gift.

Unknown Role (None): What... is this?

Unknown Role (None): This is the flower that blooms in flames. Until the day that the fires turn me into ashes, you shall see the glowing embers of this flower shining through the dark smoke.

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Hey, you're called Enjou, right? If you find any secrets, remember to come back and tell us... Or at least give us your name. Your real name.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Granny Itztli...? Why, I swore I had driven you away.

Unknown Role (None): <color=#E1A4D0>Me, by the likes of you? Pff! Granny just wanted to see if you had any other parlor tricks up your sleeves.</color>

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, so that's how it is. Granny will always be Granny... I apologize for my hubris. If that day does come, I promise I will.

Unknown Role (None): And with that, I bid you farewell, you monuments on my journey. Until we meet again.

Unknown Role (None): If there truly is a homeland I have forgotten, could it be within this realm of smoldering, shattered time?

## Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): You're back! Are you both alright?

Unknown Role (None): We're okay.

Unknown Role (None): That's a relief. I couldn't see what Enjou was up to... Tch, unreadable to the very end.

Unknown Role (None): Now that I think about it, when Enjou was hiding inside "Tenoyollotzin," I don't think he was able to enter this place.

Unknown Role (None): But he knew you would come, and he planned to use you. Naturally, he was certain you would somehow find a way.

Unknown Role (None): But he didn't bet on Citlali showing up, which threw a wrench into his works!

Unknown Role (None): We always knew this guy wasn't like the other Abyss Order goons...

Unknown Role (None): But Paimon never thought he'd have so many secrets, and asking him for answers only left us with more questions! Just like this place...

Unknown Role (None): I'll check with Mavuika. I have a feeling she'll know something about this place.

Unknown Role (None): I let Citlalin scout the area, and it found a stone tablet behind the temple. It just so happens there were some names written on it.

Unknown Role (None): Names?

Unknown Role (None): Some of them have been eroded beyond recognition, while others are barely legible. They are the names of the former Pyro Archons.

Unknown Role (None): Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): I have an inkling this place may have been put together by the Pyro Archons five hundred years ago. They must have made it to deal with, or at least temporarily contain, Bakunawa.

Unknown Role (None): But the exact methods they used are still a mystery... Anyway, I'd appreciate it if you don't tell anyone else about this. For now, at least.

Unknown Role (None): Then... Can we keep looking around this place?

Unknown Role (None): #Of course, but you shouldn't stray too deep. Especially you, Traveler. Got that?

Unknown Role (None): The spirit trace I left on Enjou seems to have been consumed by a strange power... Whatever's wrong with the Mare Jivari, we're definitely not equipped to handle it right now.

Unknown Role (None): I need some time to look into all this. Of course, if I learn anything useful, you'll be the first to hear about it.

Unknown Role (None): Is there anything else you'd like to know?

Unknown Role (None): How's the employee who was acting up earlier?

Unknown Role (None): Papar? He's fine. Enjou told me that he previously disguised himself as a tourist and adopted the name "Hayne." He then approached Papar, and the two of them really hit it off.

Unknown Role (None): In the end, Enjou fed Papar enough Aphimead to knock out a Tatankasaurus. He's probably still snoozing it off in a corner of Tete Isle somewhere.

Unknown Role (None): ...Classic Enjou.

Unknown Role (None): I should really be heading home — for a senior citizen like myself, this excursion has been a headache and a half...

Unknown Role (None): Thank you, Citlali.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't ask for anyone's thanks...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! But, well, if you really want to express your gratitude, remember to come and visit your Granny more often, okay?

## Talk 40

Unknown Role (None): About the Mare Jivari...

Unknown Role (None): Enjou failed to uncover the mystery of the Mare Jivari's disappearance, which is good news for us.

Unknown Role (None): But his hypothesis... is a little hard to believe.

## Talk 50

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we've reached the end... What's this? It looks familiar.

Unknown Role (None): That's a mystic arts implement from the Masters of the Night-Wind. But how did it end up here?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thinks we've seen those around... Hmm, it can transport us to other places, right?

Unknown Role (None): That's correct. Our tribespeople use them to transport themselves to the Chamber of Weaving or the Sacrificial Altar of Enigmatic Land. But this one doesn't lead to either of those places, evidently...

Unknown Role (None): The only people who would know where it leads are the spellcaster and anyone else who's used it. Unfortunately, it looks like this implement's too old to work.

Unknown Role (None): Too old?

Unknown Role (None): So old that its spirit has long since dissipated... I doubt that Enjou brat could've found a way around this either.

Unknown Role (None): Is there any way to... y'know, replenish its spirit? To make it work again?

Unknown Role (None): There is a way — but every spellcaster is like a different lock, each needing their own key to open. I'll have to figure out the structure of this implement's "lock" before we can get it up and running again.

Unknown Role (None): Just like that? Wow, Citlali, you're amazing!

Unknown Role (None): Obviously! Look up my name in the "Night-Wind Dictionary", and you'll find three words: the — real — shadeal.

Unknown Role (None): "Shadeal"? That doesn't sound like a real word to Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Of course it is! It means a "shaman who's the (real) deal."

Unknown Role (None): What about the definition of "Ororon"?

Unknown Role (None): "A cultisham."

Unknown Role (None): A shaman whose skills you cultivated?

Unknown Role (None): No, a shaman who cultivates vegetables!

Unknown Role (None): Uhm... you didn't write this dictionary yourself, did you, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): That's enough jokes for now. Just give me a moment to look at... Wait. Who goes there!?

Unknown Role (None): We were followed!? Whoever you are, come out with your hands up!

Unknown Role (None): Oh, it's just some Asha... You scared Paimon half to death, she thought it was that awful Enjou guy!

Unknown Role (None): Odd... Why are there Asha following us?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe they like us? Pucli told us that Asha are the "benevolent souls" of the Mare Jivari. They're friendly sorts, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): You mean how "benevolent soul" is one of the ways to interpret the word "Asha"? I've heard that said before, but it doesn't solve the mystery of why they followed us all the way here.

Unknown Role (None): Hold on, I think I've got it. Maybe they're not just being friendly...

Unknown Role (None): What else could it be?

Unknown Role (None): #Maybe they're after something we're carrying. If they're the "benevolent souls" of the Mare Jivari, it'd make perfect sense for them to be drawn to it. Do the honors, Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): (Take out Sanhaj's relic)

Unknown Role (None): Sanhaj's relic! Oh wow, the Asha are really happy... They must've seen Citlali take it out just now, and followed us ever since.

Unknown Role (None): A reunion after all these years...

Unknown Role (None): Wah! What are they doing?

Unknown Role (None): The implement! It's active again! But how...?

Unknown Role (None): Aha... It seems the Asha were the key we needed for the lock...

Unknown Role (None): We might not know who left this implement behind, but the place it points to must have something to do with the Mare Jivari...

Unknown Role (None): Should we go and take a look around?

Unknown Role (None): Only if you're both ready. We can't wait too long — that brat from the Abyss Order is going to catch up to us sooner or later.

Unknown Role (None): Where do you think it goes?

## Talk 51

Unknown Role (None): Hello, you two. Is something the matter?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? You... You're Paimon, travel companion of the great hero Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): I never thought I'd run into such a celebrity here. Is this what happiness feels like?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, so you know about us? Hehe, it's kinda embarrassing to hear you talk like that.

Unknown Role (None): Did I give you my autograph?

Unknown Role (None): Did I take a photo with you?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, nothing like that. It's just that I'm studying under Master Ororon, and he's told me many tales about you two... Ack! Pardon my manners, I didn't even introduce myself! I'm Leyla, and I'm from the Masters of the Night-Wind.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, Ororon! Wait... Did you say "Master" Ororon? When did he become a teacher?

Unknown Role (None): Aaand... does Ororon know about this?

Unknown Role (None): Well! It's something of a... "one-sided teaching relationship."

Unknown Role (None): So he doesn't even know he's your teacher!? What kind of a student are you, then?

Unknown Role (None): *cough* I'm a little embarrassed to bring that up... I used to be a spirit-duffer — someone with no spiritual sensitivity. I was a disgrace to my tribe, essentially...

Unknown Role (None): But I didn't want to give up and accept my fate. I tried to brute-force my way through like a fool, and it nearly cost me my soul...

Unknown Role (None): But in the end, Master Ororon and the great shaman Citlali saved me.

Unknown Role (None): In a way, my brush with death was a blessing in disguise. After the incident, I became able to sense spirits, and that's when Ororon started teaching me a few spells. From that day onward, I've treated him as my master.

Unknown Role (None): What a story... Well, Paimon's glad everything turned out okay! Since you're friends with Ororon, and we're friends with Ororon, Paimon guesses that makes us friends, too!

Unknown Role (None): Master often calls me "friend" as well, but I won't have it. Master is Master, and Master's Granny is Master Granny. That's just how things are.

Unknown Role (None): #As for you, most venerable Traveler, I know that you are friends with the great shaman Citlali... Which makes you my Master Gramps too!

Unknown Role (None): I'm afraid it would be discourteous of me to address you simply as "friend."

Unknown Role (None): Sounds to Paimon like you picked up a lot more than just mystic arts from Ororon...

Unknown Role (None): Okay... let's get back to business.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! We're actually here to ask for your help, Leyla!

Unknown Role (None): Help? From me? Whatever task you entrust to me, I shall fulfill it to the best of my abilities!

Unknown Role (None): You explain to Leyla what happened earlier.

Unknown Role (None): I see... So, you think he's being possessed?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. What's your take on the situation?

Unknown Role (None): The Easybreeze Holiday Resort is indeed a location with vibrant spiritual energies, I could sense that as soon as I arrived. So it wouldn't be amiss to assume that some invisible entity could have been involved...

Unknown Role (None): Can you take me to that spot with the swing you mentioned earlier? I'd like to confirm a few things.

Unknown Role (None): Sure thing, Leyla! We'll show you the way!

## Talk 52

Unknown Role (None): About the "secret cave"...

Unknown Role (None): It seems like Enjou memorized our map after he snuck a peek at it. This is his redrawing of it.

Unknown Role (None): Judging by the markings, he must have found his destination.

Unknown Role (None): Bleh! So why didn't he do anything? He just wasted his time out here putting on a show!

Unknown Role (None): Given the cunning he's displayed so far, I doubt he did so without purpose. His act must have been necessary for him to break through certain obstacles.

## Talk 53

Unknown Role (None): Now that we've read all three reports, what should we do next?

Unknown Role (None): Let's go to the place marked on the map.

Unknown Role (None): Good idea! It looks like we're pretty close. We just have to figure out what the Abyss Order is up to!

Unknown Role (None): Let's head out!

## Talk 54

Unknown Role (None): If I'm not mistaken, that man's name is "Kokuchuu." I've run into him once before, but unfortunately, he got away.

Unknown Role (None): I looked into him a little more and found out he once escaped from Kinich while using a different name, "Sanka"... It turns out he's one slippery rat.

Unknown Role (None): Kinich even told me you've crossed paths with him before...

Unknown Role (None): We've crossed paths... Wait, there's no way... I—It's Enjou!?

Unknown Role (None): "Enjou"? Is that his real name...

Unknown Role (None): It could be another alias.

Unknown Role (None): Whatever he's called, he's a clerk who works for the Abyss Order. He's great at lying and great at slipping away... Are you here to catch him, Citlali?

Unknown Role (None): So he's an Abyss Order goon. Hmph! On my life, I am NOT letting him get away this time!

Unknown Role (None): Citlali, you're starting to get a little scary... What did he do to you?

Unknown Role (None): That Enjou... He once tried to coax Leyla into doing something dangerous, but thankfully, Ororon stepped in before it was too late.

Unknown Role (None): Some good came out of it in the end. After putting his soul in danger, Leyla gained an affinity for clairvoyance... though it's not like helping him was in Enjou's playbook. Enjou just wanted to sacrifice Leyla to get information about the Mare Jivari.

Unknown Role (None): Urgh... It all happened so suddenly that Enjou ended up giving us the slip. This was all I got from him.

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): It's a relic that was owned by the legendary Border Master, Sanhaj Kompore. I used it to divine the location of the Mare Jivari.

Unknown Role (None): It's a map. Here, have a look.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Is this all we need to find the Mare Jivari!?

Unknown Role (None): I'm not making any promises, but it's a start. Last time, Enjou took advantage of us helping Leyla, he hid in the shadows so he could peek at this very map.

Unknown Role (None): Oh... So that's why he came all the way here?

Unknown Role (None): It appears so...

Unknown Role (None): (That rat! He should know you don't mess with an old lady's pride, yet that lousy fiend took me for a fool! Just you wait, Granny Itztli's going to make you regret the day you were born!)

Unknown Role (None): Umm... Hey, Citlali! Is everything okay? You're making a really scary face...

Unknown Role (None): Ahem! Even though he got away from me last time, I made sure to leave a mark on him. That way, I can track the rat no matter what hole he decides to crawl into. As long as he's nearby, I'll be able to sense him.

Unknown Role (None): I had a vague sense of where he was from the moment I set foot in the resort. I never expected to bump into you two while tracking him, though.

Unknown Role (None): So you're saying he's nearby?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. Unfortunately, the mark only gives me a rough guide to where he is... otherwise, I'd have caught him already.

Unknown Role (None): #We should work together, Traveler. I get a sense that Enjou might have something to do with that employee's strange behavior.

Unknown Role (None): Awesome! With Citlali here, there's nothing to fear!

Unknown Role (None): #Oh, right. Help me take care of these, Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): I'd like my hands free to rain hellfire down on Enjou the next time he shows his ugly face.

## Additional Conversations

*Conversations not present as sub-quests.*

Unknown Role (None): Where the heck are we? We just touched that stone thing, and *fwoosh* now we're here...

Unknown Role (None): ...Aaand Citlali's nowhere to be seen.

Unknown Role (None): This place looks like the Night Kingdom.

Unknown Role (None): Citlali said she could sense the Night Kingdom's presence just now. Maybe this is why?

Unknown Role (None): But why are there traces of the Abyss here? Didn't we get rid of them already?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe this isn't Natlan at all.

Unknown Role (None): It looks like Natlan, but it's not Natlan... It looks like the Night Kingdom, but there's no Wayob connection, and the Abyss is still around... Waaah! Paimon's getting scared!

Unknown Role (None): I just thought of something!

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): Sanhaj once cast a border spell.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh!? Are you talking about that mini-Night Kingdom he summoned... Wouldn't that mean the Mare Jivari is right in front of us!?

Unknown Role (None): We won't know unless we look.

Unknown Role (None): Then let's be careful!