# On the Graffiti Road

Unknown Role (None): Heya! You're back!

Unknown Role (None): Judging by your looks, I assume you've seen some spots, gathered some materials, and found your inspiration?

Unknown Role (None): Well... sorta? We certainly had fun along the way!

Unknown Role (None): Having a specific goal in mind helped us notice lots of details we wouldn't have before...

Unknown Role (None): This material-gathering project's been a real eye-opener for us, and we've come away with lots of samples too!

Unknown Role (None): Just a shame that we might not be able to use them all in our graffiti.

Unknown Role (None): My avant-garde philosophy still needs some refinement.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, take your time, no rush! The whole point of the tour around Natlan was to help you realize what "avant-garde" is in the first place.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of which, mind telling me what you've seen and heard?

Unknown Role (None): You show Dopey Dazzler the graffiti guidebook and the various photos you've taken...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Well. Aren't you the conscious photo-taker?

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect you to be so experienced with Kameras as to subconsciously select excellent compositions for all these pictures.

Unknown Role (None): If anything, there's a danger I'll be stunting your growth if I say too much. Just a little guidance is all you'll need.

Unknown Role (None): Please, take these notes of mine. Just give them a quick flick through when you encounter scenery on your journey. Perhaps they'll help you take pictures of even greater artistry!

Unknown Role (None): Huh. And here Paimon thought we'd be treated to a picture-by-picture analysis and... Y'know, avant-garde introductory lectures!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's also tempted to try doing some graffiti herself...

Unknown Role (None): All the more reason to think that you're talented enough for self-driven learning!

Unknown Role (None): If anything, too much by-the-books learning might snuff that sort of potential out.

Unknown Role (None): As such, I think I need to adjust my role from responsible mentor to an assisting senior artist.

Unknown Role (None): Just wait for a rush of inspiration at the opportune moment, then pick your paint jar up and show the world what you've got!

Unknown Role (None): Huh. We're that talented, are we?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Looks like all the commissions we took from painters and film directors haven't gone to waste!

Unknown Role (None): My thanks for the compliments, then.

Unknown Role (None): We'll do our best to figure this out.

Unknown Role (None): Relax! You'll get the hang of avant-garde aesthetics on your own in no time!

Unknown Role (None): I'm usually over in the Masters of the Night-Wind's lands, prepping for the construction of the Graffiti Alliance's headquarters. If you have any questions, feel free to head over and ask me.

Unknown Role (None): I'll be sure to kit you out with a fine set of graffiti-making implements next time you pop by!

Unknown Role (None): Nice! So that's where your headquarters are going to be... We'll remember that. Best of luck!

Unknown Role (None): This was a pretty great time!

Unknown Role (None): See you again!

Unknown Role (None): Let's not forget to flick through Dopey Dazzler's notes when we're free. Can't do our artistic instincts any harm, huh?

Unknown Role (None): Who knows, we might make a fortune from showing off our skills as graffiti grandmasters someday!