# Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!

Unknown Role (None): Wow...

Unknown Role (None): As it turns out, the Children of Echoes sure can dance! Paimon never thought the human body could perform the motions they did onstage!

Unknown Role (None): The rhythmic music, the exciting fireworks... All of that combined brings a totally different vibe from anything we've seen so far!

Unknown Role (None): #Well said, radiant sir, and your wow-warbling floating doll, too!

Unknown Role (None): Sharp senses, and distinguished, too... Yes. I'm sure you have what it takes to be the vanguard of avant-garde, and a rising star amongst graffiti artists!

Unknown Role (None): So, how about it? Wanna join me, the Dopey Dazzler, in grasping the latest and greatest in trendy artistic thought?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, here comes another person with an odd nickname!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, you really do "wow" a lot.

Unknown Role (None): You're not beating the "wow-warbler" allegations.

Unknown Role (None): Don't even try changing the subject! This isn't about the "wow" factor or a silly nickname. The important part is what this girl was talking about.

Unknown Role (None): "Avant-garde thought"... Is that the key to Natlan's artistic uniqueness?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, there we go. Very perceptive!

Unknown Role (None): As you can see, the vibrant dances, the frenetic music, the vivid graffiti... All of this has deep connections to the avant-garde.

Unknown Role (None): Fashions, trends, novelty... To us, these are synonyms of "avant-garde."

Unknown Role (None): As for me, the Dopey Dazzler, mainstay of the Graffiti Alliance, I'm trying to encourage a greater understanding of such forward thinking. First Natlan, then the world!

Unknown Role (None): That way, art will constantly evolve, and works of extraordinary aesthetic value may be produced! Ever upwards and on for large-scale graffiti work!

Unknown Role (None): I don't quite get it.

Unknown Role (None): Seems a bit abstract.

Unknown Role (None): A more specific example, then. See the large work of graffiti in the stage backdrop? I was involved in drawing that.

Unknown Role (None): If that backdrop was a realistic landscape painting, a fine oil painting from Fontaine, or a mural from Sumeru...

Unknown Role (None): Do you think it would still fit?

Unknown Role (None): Huh, okay, that's pretty straightforward. Paimon gets it now.

Unknown Role (None): So if the backdrop's patterns and colors weren't as explosive, it would feel less... energetic?

Unknown Role (None): Of course, I wouldn't claim that landscape, oil, or wall paintings are bad, but when you need to emphasize vivid tension and burning soul, there's nothing quite like graffiti!

Unknown Role (None): If you ask me, every tribe here in Natlan has the impulse to strive ever higher, the desire to pursue strength — that's why avant-garde is our primary style!

Unknown Role (None): Y'know, you call yourself "dopey," but you're pretty knowledgeable, aren't you?

Unknown Role (None): Are you going to take us on as students?

Unknown Role (None): What's your hourly rate?

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, whoa, an old hand at this song-and-dance, are we?

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, I'm not too fussed about all that master-student stuff, and I don't care about fortune or fame either. What we do here is share our experiences, in the hope that they will bloom and bear fruit everywhere.

Unknown Role (None): As long as you can grasp the essence of avant-garde and create the inspired works of graffiti required, I'll be satisfied.

Unknown Role (None): In fact, I'd even cough up as much Mora and material as it took to help you grow into a graffiti master!

Unknown Role (None): And then, you can help me with sketches.

Unknown Role (None): Me? Sketches?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Is that how you get your hands on new assistants?

Unknown Role (None): You could also help me promote this art elsewhere and attract more talent to our Alliance.

Unknown Role (None): After all, our goal is to create unparalleled avant-garde work on every mountain! Currently though, we number at just over ten people, and that's just not going to hack it.

Unknown Role (None): My back and waist... *sigh* If I had to carry dyes and paints all day, my bones would be left crooked, and my shoulders and thighs a mess too, no doubt.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon was going to say that there seemed to be something fishy about all this...

Unknown Role (None): But since you're being so honest, guess there can't be anything too off here.

Unknown Role (None): #And y'know, Traveler, learning graffiti art doesn't sound so bad. We could probably draw something to mark our territory and scare off monsters and baddies!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, yes! That's the spirit! In that case, let's get to it.

Unknown Role (None): Now, our work isn't too strict about painting skills — it's all about the mindset. Let us begin, therefore, by taking the measure of avant-garde.

Unknown Role (None): The "measure"? You mean the "principles"?

Unknown Role (None): Close enough! In short, we need to find the inspiration to break out of our constraints and express ourselves freely.

Unknown Role (None): Once you have done this, you'll be able to seize upon the scenery even amidst a speedrun challenge, and discover the limits of human movement in the midst of close-quarter combat, just as I do.

Unknown Role (None): That way, you'll discover the exaggerated line-work you need for graffiti.

Unknown Role (None): As for color schemes, we make use of combinations found in the natural world. You'll be surprised how many surprises it has in store...

Unknown Role (None): This sounds familiar... But there's something a bit off...

Unknown Role (None): Observing lines of motion while racing and fighting.

Unknown Role (None): Collecting materials and studying colors.

Unknown Role (None): These methods of studying "aesthetics" really are kinda different. Guess that's Natlan for you...

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, take this guidebook and this Kamera, and go forth throughout Natlan. Might as well enjoy the unique sights and sounds while you learn, eh?

Unknown Role (None): And once you're back, I'll use what you've seen and heard to help come up with an avant-garde philosophy you can best understand!