# Missing title (1318849127)

Unknown Role (None): So... You've also come to the Scions of the Canopy's territory... Some pretty nice views around here, wouldn't you say?

Unknown Role (None): Standing way up high, you can see all kinds of terrain... The shapes of all kinds of things... will also... look different...

Unknown Role (None): Phew... *panting*

Unknown Role (None): Dopey Dazzler? We didn't think you'd get here before us! Though, you don't look so good...

Unknown Role (None): Need to catch your breath?

Unknown Role (None): Climbing up and down must be tiring.

Unknown Role (None): This is why I envy the tribe's warriors so much, with their endless reserves of stamina... Graffiti is also hard work, but our bodies just can't keep up...

Unknown Role (None): Sometimes, I can't help but think that Yumkasaurs are really good companions. After all, they can effortlessly navigate even the most steep and rugged terrain. It's a godsend for graffiti artists.

Unknown Role (None): That's a good point! With a Yumkasaur to help, travel is a whole lot easier...

Unknown Role (None): Of course! Though I'm not at all saying that Tepetlisaur companions aren't good enough. After all, a Yumkasaur couldn't even begin to imagine how to do some of the things they can...

Unknown Role (None): Like helping to excavate critical ores from deep underground, and making paints with some amazing effects... Now that's priceless!

Unknown Role (None): Plus, looking at things from a much broader perspective, the most important thing about your companion isn't their abilities — I care more about the emotional connection. Who cares about all that utilitarian codswallop?

Unknown Role (None): Even if climbing mountains and crossing rivers is a bit more tiring for me, so what? There's no way I'd even consider something like... leaving the Children of Echoes and joining the Scions of the Canopy, or anything ridiculous like that.

Unknown Role (None): Ooof... Sorry for throwing all that at you, I must be getting dizzy from exhaustion. Let me take a little break...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon never thought the Dopey Dazzler would be able to get so serious... Well, now we know you're the type of person who cares a lot about their companions and comradery!

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon and Traveler are like that too! When we make friends, we never think, "What can this person do for me?" It all starts with... what would you call it?

Unknown Role (None): Compatibility?

Unknown Role (None): Serendipity?

Unknown Role (None): Um, yeah, something like that?

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of companions... there's a powerful Saurian Hunter among the Scions of the Canopy named Kinich. He is often accompanied by a rather extraordinary companion.

Unknown Role (None): That companion's coloration is unusually vivid. Were I to use the professional lingo of Fontainian painters... I'd say the saturation levels are really high, and far more deserving of the name "dazzler"!

Unknown Role (None): And Kinich himself also has a very avant-garde sense of style... His appearance just screams "natural artist"!

Unknown Role (None): Shame, though. Lots of members of my Alliance drew graffiti near his usual haunts to get his attention, but he doesn't seem to care at all. Seems like he really isn't into graffiti.

Unknown Role (None): Is that how the Graffiti Alliance usually recruits new members? Seems like a lot of time and effort...

Unknown Role (None): Seems like a compatibility issue.

Unknown Role (None): You can't force serendipity.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, that's right! You can't force it.

Unknown Role (None): Super-strong Saurian Hunters are probably only attracted by other powerful figures, like you two! Once the two of you are famous members of the Graffiti Alliance, maybe then he'll take an interest in graffiti!

Unknown Role (None): That logic's pretty "avant-garde," too. Stuff like this, you'll never know until you try.

Unknown Role (None): So there's no need to rush things!

Unknown Role (None): Alright, I'll take your advice this time.

Unknown Role (None): But you guys better work hard so you can accumulate enough inspiration, ASAP!