# A Style-Fusion Symposium

Unknown Role (None): Mizuki! Mizuki! Amina just told me some amazing news!

Unknown Role (None): Thanks to the party, the People of the Springs had forty percent more visitors than normal! And to think, we barely did anything to promote it!

Unknown Role (None): That's great! I also have some good news... Over the past few days, the number of patients at my practice has dropped by ninety percent!

Unknown Role (None): If our goal was to lift people's spirits and give them a space to let go of their worries, I think we can safely say... That's a job well done!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, then let's go even bigger next time! Add even more games!

Unknown Role (None): That way, there's something for everyone — hot springs if you want relaxation, games if you want fun... As far as vacations go, you can't get much better than that!

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Mualani! Mizuki!

Unknown Role (None): The musical genius has returned!

Unknown Role (None): Two happy visitors here to give you a five-star review!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, say no more! It's written all over your face! You had a blast, didn't you?

Unknown Role (None): Are you kidding!? An all-you-can-eat, self-serve buffet? Paimon was on cloud nine! She had five servings of Hot Spring O'Clock!

Unknown Role (None): #And Traveler was even more obsessed with the Rhythm Ball than Paimon with the free food!

Unknown Role (None): Ehe.

Unknown Role (None): No, no, no. Nothing can compare to your obsession with food!

Unknown Role (None): Honestly, watching you play was quite the spectacle! An expert performance if I ever saw one!

Unknown Role (None): You should help me brainstorm the next time we host something like this! We can come up with even more fun games!

Unknown Role (None): #As far as I know, that does seem to be one of Traveler's many talents.

Unknown Role (None): I look forward to working with you again, Miss Mualani. Although, it would be easier if you had a designated office space... Why don't I help you open a consultancy?

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, I like the sound of that! Let me ask around! If there's space... We could put it right next to your clinic!

Unknown Role (None): Good idea! I'd love nothing more than to be neighbors.

Unknown Role (None): Man, I want to live here, too!

Unknown Role (None): More time in the People of the Springs... Count us in!

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, all-you-can-eat buffets and hot springs every day... Oh yeah, that sounds like the life, hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Well, if you had a permanent address, it would be easier to track you down if we need something.

Unknown Role (None): Never knew the day would come when I'd sound like one of my clients.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Xilonen!

Unknown Role (None): The music you picked for Rhythm Ball was excellent! Every time we played the game, we would start dancing before we knew it!

Unknown Role (None): Glad to hear it.

Unknown Role (None): From what I've observed over the past few days, you have great potential as "fusion" artists.

Unknown Role (None): It could be because you've encountered music from all sorts of different cultures. When you're immersed in the melody, it's almost like you can incorporate different beats on instinct.

Unknown Role (None): The most cutting-edge music often involves some form of "fusion." So, I have a feeling I'll be coming to you for inspiration one day.

Unknown Role (None): Here, I want you to have this. Give it a listen sometime.

Unknown Role (None): What is it?

Unknown Role (None): No way! One of Xilonen's mixtapes! At Xochicuicatl Records, that would sell in a heartbeat!

Unknown Role (None): Ah, yes. Not everyone can get their hands on the records or equipment Miss Xilonen recommends. It's a source of anxiety for some people. I once treated a patient for that very reason...

Unknown Role (None): ...You can treat even that, Miss Mizuki?

Unknown Role (None): All I did was help her manage her emotions. I told her to consider getting a job at the record store. Then, she would be one of the first to get information on your latest recommendations.

Unknown Role (None): Hah, good idea... I just hope she can keep it to herself, or job applications are about to become just as hard to snag...

Unknown Role (None): Well, thanks for this.

Unknown Role (None): I'll give it a good listen.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! Paimon can't wait to hear it!

Unknown Role (None): Next time, we'll help you come up with an even better game... With music that's just as amazing as this time, of course!

Unknown Role (None): That's a promise! People won't know what hit 'em!

Unknown Role (None): Man, the party isn't even over, and Paimon already can't wait for the next one! The People of the Springs really know how to live it up...