# A Hero's Approval!

Unknown Role (None): You're finally here, great hero!

Unknown Role (None): I have waited here for a long time indeed, but your arrival has made it all worth it. Ah, the very sight of you is as rejuvenating balm!

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, my timing is impeccable.

Unknown Role (None): Err... So, what's the situation?

Unknown Role (None): Wow, the atmosphere suddenly got so... formal... Does Paimon, um, also have to speak really formally too?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, not to worry, hero, noble guide. Allow me to introduce this situation in brief.

Unknown Role (None): I am but a humble staff member at the Speaker's Chamber. Irade is my name, and I assist our Archon in the training of various tribal patrol squads.

Unknown Role (None): Tradition dictates that, after a certain period of time has passed, new warriors are to be selected from amongst the youth of the tribes to join these squads.

Unknown Role (None): At the same time, we must prepare sterner tests for the veteran members such that they never cease to challenge themselves and improve.

Unknown Role (None): The relevant selection and examination stages are designed via cooperation between the combat readiness liaisons and outstanding warriors from every tribe...

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, alright, Paimon can see where this is going!

Unknown Role (None): #Don't worry! Traveler's a real pro when it comes to combat and tests of speed, so he should be able to help you come up with lots of cool stages!

Unknown Role (None): Are you going to send me a commission, then?

Unknown Role (None): Are you going to be my client?

Unknown Role (None): Hardly, hardly! I would not presume to ask you to do that which was my job from the first, great hero! That would not only be a dereliction of my duty, but a slight against you, to boot!

Unknown Role (None): The design of all the exam stages has already been completed. I'd just like to request that you, great hero, help us "certify" their suitability, and, at the same time, set an example for our warriors.

Unknown Role (None): Just as written exams demand perfect scores, so too must lofty targets for practical skills be set. Mighty warriors will take the lead in clearing these challenges, and this will greatly motivate their juniors.

Unknown Role (None): For example, exam stages related to the Children of Echoes will be certified by "Baraka" Xilonen...

Unknown Role (None): While we've asked "Malipo" Kinich and "Vuka" Chasca to deal with those of the Scions of the Canopy and the Flower-Feather Clan, which has led to many warriors gladly taking on said challenges...

Unknown Role (None): #Ah, so that's what you're going for... In that case, aren't you asking Traveler to become— How do you say it again?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! "The unattainable horizon"!

Unknown Role (None): Alright. This ace shall set the pace.

Unknown Role (None): That's the spirit! That's our hero!

Unknown Role (None): Still, Paimon, let's stay humble. Teyvat's full of skilled fighters.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, such modesty — truly, you are a virtuous hero!

Unknown Role (None): In that case, allow me to mark some exam stage locations out on the map. Feel free to visit them and show us what you've got!