# An Honest Promotion

Unknown Role (None): #Y'know, Traveler, Paimon can see that the commissions have been pretty taxing lately.

Unknown Role (None): As a thoughtful, capable guide, Paimon's duty is to help you relax, so... Ta-da! Guess where this is?

Unknown Role (None): Well, it says "Damoville Purveyor" on the sign right here.

Unknown Role (None): Hello there. Welcome to Damoville Purveyor.

Unknown Role (None): Ah, the abode of Mora thieves, the graveyard of wallets.

Unknown Role (None): Dear me, dear customer, do not speak such inaccuracies. Damoville Purveyor is committed wholly to affordability and quality. You may survey our prices should you wish.

Unknown Role (None): This is no ordinary store. This is a place where hardworking laborers relax via spending money.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed, indeed! In fact, we have recently launched a buy one get one free promotion, with all customers welcome to take part!

Unknown Role (None): My loss if you buy, your loss if you don't!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, Paimon saw the event poster when we passed by before. That's how she remembered it.

Unknown Role (None): Double the goods for every purchase sounds like a great deal, no matter how you slice it!

Unknown Role (None): It always feels like there's something missing in Paimon's day if she doesn't spend some Mora here... So today, we're coming here together to fill that gap!

Unknown Role (None): And what would you like to buy, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): And how shall this yawning void be filled, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, not telling you just yet.

Unknown Role (None): Payment might get tricky that way.

Unknown Role (None): Nah, don't worry. Paimon brought her own Mora today.

Unknown Role (None): #Boss, has the order arrived yet? It's under "Paimon and Traveler."

Unknown Role (None): We do have your package. One moment...

Unknown Role (None): Boucicaut the shopkeeper retrieves something over-packaged beyond identification. Beside you, Paimon fishes out a large pile of pocket money. You detect a hint of sadness on her face as she parts with this sizable sum.

Unknown Role (None): After you unwrap the package together, you realize that it contains two photo albums.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, finally! Paimon's been waiting ages to get these!

Unknown Role (None): We've taken so many pictures so far, and now we've got a spot to put them!

Unknown Role (None): I don't usually see you use a Kamera?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that doesn't mean Paimon hasn't ever whipped it out! She's taken quite a few pictures of you while you weren't looking, in fact!

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Y'know, I'd like to see 'em now...

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, let me see!

Unknown Role (None): Not right now! Paimon's gotta take a whole album's worth first.

Unknown Role (None): Nyeh, so petty.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's a meanie.

Unknown Role (None): Pfft, phooey! Anyway, take this photo album, would'ja?

Unknown Role (None): This one's a little thin, but it can fit a whole bunch of photos anyway.

Unknown Role (None): We've been to so many places and taken many photos for others, but not really for ourselves.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thought it'd be nice if we could keep a few more memories for ourselves, so she bought these two albums.

Unknown Role (None): So this is a gift?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. It was a buy one get one free deal, so it's one for each of us. Paimon had it all figured out even when she was ordering.

Unknown Role (None): You've gotta start using it right away, alright? You can take pictures of places we've been to, maybe relive some past memories as well.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, wanna use Paimon's Kamera to take some photos? You've never used it before, right?

Unknown Role (None): It took a lot of effort to custom-order this from a department store, so it'd be a shame if we didn't use it more often.

Unknown Role (None): Sure, I'll give it a go.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, as long as you like it! This is what a good guide should do, after all.

Unknown Role (None): C'mon! Let's go take some photos!