# Wayfarer's Whispers

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, over here! Paimon's got something nice to show you!

Unknown Role (None): Lookie look! Paimon took these pictures on our travels.

Unknown Role (None): We've been to all sorts of places, and while you were busy exploring, Paimon was busy with her Kamera!

Unknown Role (None): Here, take a look at these photos Paimon masterfully took.

Unknown Role (None): By the way, do you remember the two photo albums we bought at Damoville Purveyor?

Unknown Role (None): I do.

Unknown Role (None): Of course you do! Paimon spent all her savings to reserve those albums, even though it was way in advance.

Unknown Role (None): I don't.

Unknown Role (None): Eh, you don't? Paimon spent all her savings to reserve those albums, even though it was way in advance.

Unknown Role (None): But it's fine! You're super busy all the time, so Paimon doesn't mind being a super tolerant travel companion!

Unknown Role (None): Anywho, you took one of the albums, and Paimon took the other. That way, we'd match!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's already stuffed her album full of photos, but she's not sure if you've done the same yet.

Unknown Role (None): But just in case, Paimon bought a new photo album, and although she was planning on keeping it as a backup, she'll give it to you if yours is full!

Unknown Role (None): Do you like taking pictures, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! We've been to lots of places together, and seen so many pretty sights that ordinary folks might never even dream of!

Unknown Role (None): It'd be a shame if Paimon didn't keep some mementos!

Unknown Role (None): Classic Paimon. Always thinking about others.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, well, Paimon is Teyvat's best tour guide, she can't just think of herself!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon bought an extra photo album because she really loves taking pictures!

Unknown Role (None): We've seen so many awesome sights during our travels, it'd be a shame if Paimon didn't keep some mementos!

Unknown Role (None): More importantly! These are important memories for both of us!

Unknown Role (None): We've gotta cherish our past memories and our future experiences. That's what Pacal told Paimon. Wise words, dontcha think?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's gonna lend you her Kamera this time so you can take more pictures yourself.

Unknown Role (None): We're about to journey to Snezhnaya, and Paimon has a feeling that things aren't going to be easy from here on out.

Unknown Role (None): So let's sort out all the experiences from our journey while we still can!

Unknown Role (None): That way, no matter what troubles we run into in Snezhnaya, so long as we think of the moments we shared together, we're sure to be brave and keep moving forward!