# Missing title (1934166527)

Unknown Role (None): No wonder I had a nagging feeling that I should come over and have a look... Well met, "Tum{RUBY#[D]Hope}aini."

Unknown Role (None): Let me guess. You're here for the Flower-Feather Clan's warrior trial?

Unknown Role (None): That's right. I'm here to certify its difficulty!

Unknown Role (None): You won't be disappointed, then. I've got nothing but the highest standards for Qucusaur Riders.

Unknown Role (None): Teaching's not my strong suit, so when I was invited to design these stages, I went with "recalling tough challenges and piling them in one after the other."

Unknown Role (None): I could've come for you, for all you know.

Unknown Role (None): Oh? That so...

Unknown Role (None): So you wanna "transcend" my record, then? That's just my speed. I'll have you know that I started by stuffing these stages full of tough challenges that I've faced in the past.

Unknown Role (None): The result was... a ninety-nine percent failure rate on the part of our tribe's warriors — on the first stage, no less. As a result... There wasn't any choice but to take Irade's advice and tune the difficulty down a notch.

Unknown Role (None): But I doubt that even the trials as they originally stood would have truly stretched you. If we wanted that... We'd have to go with situations even I would prove helpless in.

Unknown Role (None): Thanks for the kind words, but I don't need special treatment!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, don't put me on a pedestal, now!

Unknown Role (None): No, I do believe you worthy of such respect. I'm no teacher, but I've never misjudged the strength of those I meet.

Unknown Role (None): And as far as yours is concerned... only the most trying of challenges would befit you.

Unknown Role (None): I need to consider the stages' suitability for ordinary warriors, though...

Unknown Role (None): The universality of the stages is not to be overlooked either!

Unknown Role (None): ...Fair enough. You've got a task to complete, and we'll have more opportunities in the future.

Unknown Role (None): One day, I'll lay out a banquet table of battle that "transcends" the pinnacle of Qucusaur Rider ability, just for you.