# Saurian Sojourn

Unknown Role (None): Everything aside from the high-altitude training is now complete, sir.

Unknown Role (None): Yeh!

Unknown Role (None): Excellent. You both sound ready to roll!

Unknown Role (None): The Children of Echoes will be the first strategic objective in our grand plan. After that, we'll systematically infiltrate the People of the Springs and the Scions of the Canopy...

Unknown Role (None): Woah, woah, woah! What in the world are you talking about, Kweku?

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like you've started a shadowy espionage organization.

Unknown Role (None): #Huh? Looks like our hero, Traveler, and his companion, Paimon, are here!

Unknown Role (None): Espionage organization? Ahahahaha! We're just here to share a few tips on how to have fun interactions with saurians.

Unknown Role (None): Komina is our on-site doctor. She'll go with our participants to ensure their safety.

Unknown Role (None): And this is Assistant Instructor Yehyeh, who's helping out by special request. Yehyeh really came through for us when we were setting the stage objectives!

Unknown Role (None): As for me, well, I'm the Chief Instructor — to put it simply, I'm the organizer. You caught me giving the team a little pep talk just now...

Unknown Role (None): Thank goodness it was all a misunderstanding...

Unknown Role (None): I was this close to reporting you...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, it's all my fault! When I heard that Mr. Kweku was engaged in such a meaningful undertaking, I suggested he adopt more "formal" language to describe it... I guess that suggestion backfired.

Unknown Role (None): Ha! No need to apologize, Miss Komina. Both Assistant Instructor Yehyeh and I love the titles you've come up with for us. Isn't that so, Assistant Instructor Yehyeh?

Unknown Role (None): Waaah... Yeh!!!

Unknown Role (None): #See? ...Oh, by the way, would you like to give these stages a try too, Traveler? They might be a little easy for you, but you should still find them interesting.

Unknown Role (None): What does it entail...?

Unknown Role (None): It's really simple — you work together with various saurians to complete the objectives we've set. The most important thing here is trust and teamwork between you and your saurian companions.

Unknown Role (None): You won't be able to complete all the objectives on your own, so make sure to pay close attention to your saurian companions at all times.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, and one more thing — we won't be traveling with the qucusaurs this time, as we don't have the necessary high-altitude safety gear just yet. Safety is our number one priority, after all!

Unknown Role (None): #Woohoo! Let's give it a go, Traveler! You're the master of working with others!

Unknown Role (None): I'll give it a shot.

Unknown Role (None): Anything for Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #Awesome... If word gets out that Traveler is here, everyone will want to have a go!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Then shouldn't Komina give us a "formal" title, too? You know, something formidable-sounding, hehe...

Unknown Role (None): Well, I'm going to have to think this over carefully...