# Missing title (3271117295)

Unknown Role (None): Why do people from the Collective of Plenty prefer fighting with their bare hands?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, well... That all goes back to our founder.

Unknown Role (None): The Collective of Plenty's founder — as well as the original recipient of the Ancient Name of "Power" — was the hero Ahpub, who once journeyed alongside the first Pyro Archon, Lord Xbalanque.

Unknown Role (None): Och-Kan, the tyrant who later went on to usurp control over the Grand Alliance, was once his most trusted companion. But that was before Och-Kan became a tyrant, of course, and before he'd done anything wrong.

Unknown Role (None): After Lord Xbalanque entered the Sacred Flame, Ahpub's misplaced trust in the tyrant Och-Kan led him to accept a request from the latter, and he wound up leading an army to attack the innocent Children of Echoes.

Unknown Role (None): At that time, the chief of the Children of Echoes was his very own sister. To prevent the death of ordinary soldiers, she threw herself directly onto her brother's sword, attempting to force him into taking their own lives together...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* Can you imagine what that must have been like? I cannot even begin to do so. Some still call the people of the Collective of Plenty stubborn, but compared to the Children of Echoes...

Unknown Role (None): The legends claim that the siblings survived — and, having uncovered the tyrant's plot to stir up discord, fled together to a distant land. Yet from that day on, the Collective of Plenty's perspective on weapons was forever transformed.

Unknown Role (None): Of course, when battling against the Abyss, we all still rely upon our weapons — but that history is why, in daily life and combat training, we're more inclined towards fighting with our bare hands.

Unknown Role (None): Wrestling allows people to engage in direct confrontation, an open and aboveboard contest of skill and strength, with no deadly blades or the threat of death hanging over them.

Unknown Role (None): In a way, it's also a warning to us all. Weapons ought only to be used for righteous purposes, not to determine the outcome of disputes between us.