# The Shoemaker's Children Go Barefoot


## Talk 1

Unknown Role (None): #Quick, Traveler, scooch over a bit and make some room for Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): Wah! Wh—What are you doing!?

Unknown Role (None): H—Huhh?

Unknown Role (None): For some reason, the container seems to already be occupied. It is also clear that the current occupant is most displeased to have uninvited guests...

Unknown Role (None): #Ow-ow-ow! Traveler, are you okay?

Unknown Role (None): ...What the— what hole did you all crawl out from!?

Unknown Role (None): Look, isn't that the thief we're looking for?

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What treasure? We didn't touch anything... We haven't even opened the last chest.

Unknown Role (None): Do you take us for fools? Putting on this "uneven spoils split" act in front of us...

Unknown Role (None): We'll take them all in — both her and her accomplices.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? W—Wait! We don't even know her!

Unknown Role (None): I'm here on a Harbinger's orders.

Unknown Role (None): Pick a more convincing lie, would you?

Unknown Role (None): I was passing by and saw the chests...

Unknown Role (None): That still makes you a trespasser. And we arrest those too!

Unknown Role (None): ...Give it back! Y—You... That's my treasure! Give it back!

## Talk 2

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600355 could not be retrieved

## Talk 3

Unknown Role (None): After some effort, you convince the Fatui guard to go "take a break" elsewhere...

## Talk 4

Unknown Role (None): Nice. Now we can return the stuff we took from you by mistake earlier.

Unknown Role (None): I didn't expect it to go so smoothly... I even got something as powerful as the Moonstriders. I'm sure they'll come in handy later.

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of, you aren't bad at all. Maybe just a bit shy of Reed Miller's level, even though we look the same age... And is that a chatty fae next to you?

Unknown Role (None): #Paimon's not fae! Paimon's Paimon, Traveler's companion and guide.

Unknown Role (None): Also, why do you keep comparing us to some thief? We're properly registered adventurers!

Unknown Role (None): Eh? Were you commissioned by the Adventurers' Guild to come here, then? Hmm, so you weren't... Makes sense, she did say she only told me.

Unknown Role (None): Well, this isn't exactly a commission from the Adventurers' Guild... Also, why are you getting so nosy? You haven't even told us your name, that's not fair at all.

Unknown Role (None): Name? Call me Netochka. Soon enough though, I'll be known as the reincarnation of the legendary thief Reed Miller, heir to the Great Treasure — Netochka, the Thief Extraordinaire! Hehe.

Unknown Role (None): I think "Honorary Knight" sounds better.

Unknown Role (None): Thief Extraordinaire is cool and all, but "Honorary Knight" just has that righteous ring to it. And... it makes Paimon happy to think about the old friends who use this title!

Unknown Role (None): I'm the hero who saved the city from the evil dragon.

Unknown Role (None): Well, I've heard stories like that, though they sound more like things children would enjoy?

Unknown Role (None): My title would leave you quaking in your boots.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! I get it, you're just trying to act tough. It's fine to be a nobody, as long as you make something of yourself later, like me!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway... You're not here for a commission, and you don't like Reed Miller, so why are you interested in the Proof of the Cognoscenti?

Unknown Role (None): ...Ahh, is this about the Great Treasure? No romance or destiny involved, just here for the loot?

Unknown Role (None): My destiny does not lie here.

Unknown Role (None): I'm a practical person.

Unknown Role (None): What about you then? Aren't you here for the treasure?

Unknown Role (None): Heh heh, well, I must say...

Unknown Role (None): "I kindly ask you to return the Sampo Mill, and all other ill-gotten gains stolen from the Frostmoon Scions, right this instant!"

Unknown Role (None): "Remember, Nod-Krai is our Elysium, and we need neither gods nor pompous lords here!"

Unknown Role (None): Wow, what are you doing?

Unknown Role (None): Haven't you read "The Legends of Reed Miller, Thief Extraordinaire"? *sigh* Never mind. Of course you haven't. I mean, who wouldn't fall for him after reading that?

Unknown Role (None): I came across this book when I was still in Novokitezhgrad... From that moment on, I knew my mission.

Unknown Role (None): Upon my arrival in Nasha Town, the very first person I met gave me a clue regarding the Proof of the Cognoscenti — that's destiny for sure!

Unknown Role (None): Just as the oppressive, greedy governor here stole treasures from the Frostmoon Scions all those years ago, the Fatui now have seized things that don't belong to them.

Unknown Role (None): I must retrieve the Proof of the Cognoscenti from them and find Reed Miller's Great Treasure, so that his name, now forgotten, will be held in esteem once more throughout the world!

Unknown Role (None): Uh...

Unknown Role (None): Um...

Unknown Role (None): So you're a die-hard Reed Miller fan.

Unknown Role (None): Th—There's nothing wrong with that!

Unknown Role (None): And just like how Reed Miller had his trusty companions Shadow Weasel and Wagtail, your unexpected arrival must also be fate.

Unknown Role (None): Otherwise, I'd probably still be stuck there, even if you hadn't taken my treasure.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? So what exactly is this treasure you're talking about?

Unknown Role (None): It's a thief's starter kit that someone sold me at a "heartbreaking discount." However, none of the doors here have keyholes, so it's completely useless.

Unknown Role (None): That person was like a prophet from the old tales. She seemed to know everything about me and my intentions at first glance...

Unknown Role (None): Not only did she prepare everything I needed, but she also pointed the way forward for me... just for me.

Unknown Role (None): Even Paimon wouldn't fall for that...

Unknown Role (None): What do you mean "Even Paimon wouldn't fall for that"!? But you're right. All that "heartbreaking discount" and exclusive information stuff sounds like a scam...

Unknown Role (None): Wait a minute, did you get all your intel from her? That's not reliable info at all!

Unknown Role (None): That can't be... She was so sincere, there's no way she was lying! Hmm... You just haven't met her yet, I think. When we get back to Nasha Town, I'll introduce you.

Unknown Role (None): As for Raskolnikov... Well, Poruchik Raskolnikov, I do know him. We knew each other back in Novokitezhgrad.

Unknown Role (None): ...But never mind him for now. We just need to find the Proof of the Cognoscenti...

Unknown Role (None): So let's get moving! Hehe, it's like we're Reed Miller the Thief Extraordinaire and his two sidekicks, Shadow Weasel and Wagtail, come again.

Unknown Role (None): I call dibs on Shadow Weasel.

Unknown Role (None): So that makes Paimon Wagtail? Wait... Why can't Paimon be Reed Miller?

Unknown Role (None): Character assignments require careful consideration! Naturally, it's first come, first served. And since I was here first, I get to be Reed Miller.

Unknown Role (None): You can be Shadow Weasel, Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): Eh? No way! Wagtail clearly suits Paimon better. Wait... Why can't Paimon be Reed Miller?

Unknown Role (None): Character assignments require careful consideration! Naturally, it's first come, first served. And since I was here first, I get to be Reed Miller.

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll be Reed Miller.

Unknown Role (None): No way! I was here first, so I should be the one playing Reed Miller.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon is the most unique character amongst us, so it makes perfect sense for her to play Reed Miller!

Unknown Role (None): ...Ugh, what kind of roleplay is this anyway!?

Unknown Role (None): ...*cough* You're right, it is quite juvenile. Then let's go with Netochka the Thief Extraordinaire and her Merry Companions, Goldfinch and Snowy Owl!

Unknown Role (None): Can't I just use my real name?

Unknown Role (None): But I think Goldfinch suits you perfectly! And Snowy Owl really suits Paimon too!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Snowy Owl sounds... kinda cool? It's all mysterious and wise and stuff!

Unknown Role (None): Yay, codenames!

Unknown Role (None): #You think that's better, Traveler? Alright then. Hmm... Snowy Owl doesn't sound too bad. It's all mysterious and wise and stuff!

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, so that's settled then?

Unknown Role (None): Now we can focus on finding the Proof of the Cognoscenti. Earlier, I heard that the chest was sent to the *dormitory*.

Unknown Role (None): Those two Fatui didn't follow Raskolnikov's orders. They're definitely in for big trouble. He's always been a meticulous guy. Everything has to go exactly as he plans...

Unknown Role (None): You could call him a perfectionist. No matter what trouble comes up, he always manages to handle it methodically. Some people really admire that trait.

Unknown Role (None): ...Anyway, enough about that now. We've got that Proof to find... and I still remember the direction those two Fatui went. Follow me.

## Talk 5

Unknown Role (None): There's nothing here — but how... Did you find anything on your end?

## Talk 6

Unknown Role (None): Looks like a journal. Pretty careless of them to leave it out in the open like this.

## Talk 7

Unknown Role (None): Everything should be fine now, let's go!

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll be off! Don't fall too far behind!

## Talk 8

Unknown Role (None): Phew! Finally, we're safe... at least for now?

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, just our rotten luck! Paimon never would've guessed that the container... y'know, contained a thief the Fatui were chasing!

Unknown Role (None): We wouldn't be in such a mess if it weren't for her. Great, now the chest is gone, and we had to fight the Fatui...

Unknown Role (None): Oh and, and! She even accused us of taking some treasure of hers. Lies! Lies and slander! Ugh, the more Paimon thinks about it—!

Unknown Role (None): Speaking of...

Unknown Role (None): ...What's this?

Unknown Role (None): Something I swiped in the dark just now.

Unknown Role (None): ...Huh!?

Unknown Role (None): Is this the treasure she mentioned? Uh, what should we do now?

Unknown Role (None): Let's take it to the lost and found.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... wait no! We don't even know if there is one around here, and, even if there were, it's not like we can just waltz in there, much less her!

Unknown Role (None): Let's just leave it here and pretend we didn't see anything.

Unknown Role (None): Mm-hmm, maybe she'll come back and look for it... but will she really?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Paimon wouldn't have cared as much if it were just an item from a chest no one owns...

Unknown Role (None): We should find a way to return it... A—As long as it's returned to its rightful owner, everything will be fine!

Unknown Role (None): But we've probably caught the attention of the Fatui here, so let's keep it on the down-low to make things easier, yeah?

## Talk 9

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I made trouble for you again...

Unknown Role (None): We're used to it at this point. Now, if you ditched us or tried to shoo us off at this point... Now that would make us mad!

Unknown Role (None): ...Okay. Then, thank you, for keeping me company.

Unknown Role (None): That's more like it! Speaking of, didn't that Ras guy say he'd meet us at the highest point? Why's the lift malfunctioning, then?

Unknown Role (None): What should we do? Do we try to fix it?

Unknown Role (None): Knocking on it a few times might do the trick.

Unknown Role (None): I doubt it's that easy to fix!

Unknown Role (None): The Moonstriders are our best shot.

Unknown Role (None): Um... I don't think they'll manage that far up. If we had some other help, though...

Unknown Role (None): Th—That scared Paimon! She thought it'd hit her for sure...

Unknown Role (None): Now we can jump up.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! True, we did something similar when we collected data for Fanngel. But, what about Netochka...?

Unknown Role (None): Hm? You knew about this strange lightning, too? A treasure hunter I met told me that jumping from where the lightning strikes to the top level should be a cinch with the Moonstriders.

Unknown Role (None): Should we go now?

Unknown Role (None): I need to do some prep first...

Unknown Role (None): Then I'll wait for you.

## Talk 10

Unknown Role (None): Woah, calm down! Things were chaotic back then and we didn't mean to take anything from you. And see? We're here to return it to its rightful owner.

Unknown Role (None): A—Anyway, we'll return it to you right now... Uh, how should we do that?

Unknown Role (None): Could you open the door?

Unknown Role (None): She probably can't... Maybe we should just leave it here...

Unknown Role (None): Since you can see us, we'll just leave it here.

Unknown Role (None): ...You can't be serious. What is this cold indifference you're showing to a fair damsel in distress!? If it were Reed Miller, he would have rescued me in a heartbeat.

Unknown Role (None): ...Fair damsel?

Unknown Role (None): A—Am I not one?

Unknown Role (None): My name is not Reed Miller.

Unknown Role (None): Of course you're not, hmph. No one in our time is his equal.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... You're also here for the Proof of the Cognoscenti, right? How about this — you help me get out of here, and I'll consider sharing some clues with you.

Unknown Role (None): I think we'll do just fine without your clues.

Unknown Role (None): That's right. We can find our own way! We're very experienced in that department.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? W—Wait, don't go! Then, how... how about information on Raskolnikov? Poruchik Raskolnikov. They say he's quite somebody here.

Unknown Role (None): Though wreaking havoc here wouldn't be a bad play... It'd be just like how Reed Miller ransacked the governor's palace, took back the Sampo Mill, and stole the heart of the governor's daughter...

Unknown Role (None): ...Ahem! Anyway, I—I mean, it would be in your interest to claim your treasure with grace, no? The information I have will definitely help!

Unknown Role (None): P—Please, I beg you, please help me! If Raskolnikov learns that I'm here... I...

Unknown Role (None): #What do you say, Traveler? Should we help her?

Unknown Role (None): We're already here, may as well.

Unknown Role (None): I guess we can do it for the intel...

Unknown Role (None): Hah! Splendid! Today really is my lucky day! Now, I've already swiped an ID card off the guards earlier, so I just need the other one, and we'll be set!

Unknown Role (None): You two...! If it hadn't been you, I'd have snagged the Proof of the Cognoscenti and gotten away by now! And... you also stole my—

Unknown Role (None): I don't know where the other card is... but even if you find it, there's still the problem of *getting it inside and placing it high up* to remove the barrier.

## Talk 11

Unknown Role (None): Almost there... I need to make some final preparations. Hmm, "Goldfinch," if you're ready, let's go.

## Talk 12

Unknown Role (None): Missing text (0)

Unknown Role (None): Whoa, a floor plan! Did we really just get our hands on some top-secret info this easily?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon thought grabbing an important item like this would come with some kind of dramatic scene...

## Talk 13

Unknown Role (None): (A few thick volumes...)

## Talk 14

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600348 could not be retrieved

## Talk 15

Unknown Role (None): *sigh*...

Unknown Role (None): Do you think reporting it to the higher-ups will do anything?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? What, are you trying to get ahead of me? That's low of you, real low!

Unknown Role (None): You should keep these words to yourself.

Unknown Role (None): 'Cause it seems to me that they don't like *Poruchik Raskolnikov* up there either. Maybe my report's just the opportunity they'll need!

Unknown Role (None): What happens up there is none of our business.

Unknown Role (None): Say, the good ol' Poruchik collecting the *Proof of the Cognoscenti*... Think that counts as an abuse of power for personal gain? I mean, we're here on a mission. The heck are we doing, digging holes for him like moles...

## Talk 16

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600349 could not be retrieved

## Talk 17

Unknown Role (None): Just lock her up here? Is that what we're doing?

Unknown Role (None): Yep. Poruchik Raskolnikov's orders.

Unknown Role (None): ...Did you say "Raskolnikov"?

Unknown Role (None): That's "Poruchik Raskolnikov" to you, thief. Show some respect.

Unknown Role (None): Forget about her. Where's the chest? Have you delivered it to the *archives*?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, Bakunin's on leave today. I bet he's downing another cup at The Flagship right now.

Unknown Role (None): He sure knows how to enjoy life... Let's leave the chest in the *dormitory* for now and worry about it tomorrow.

## Talk 18

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600350 could not be retrieved

## Talk 19

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600354 could not be retrieved

## Talk 20

Unknown Role (None): Huh? How did we end up on the other side? We followed the floor plan exactly.

Unknown Role (None): Do ants in a maze know that they travel along pre-designed paths? I am surprised that you took the bait without a speck of doubt.

Unknown Role (None): You've fallen right into my trap, little thief.

Unknown Role (None): Raskolnikov...

Unknown Role (None): It's Poruchik Raskolnikov. It's been a while, Netochka. I never expected Police Chief Stalanov's daughter to end up playing thief in this godforsaken place.

Unknown Role (None): ...Police Chief's daughter?

Unknown Role (None): It seems these two playmates in your game of house don't know you very well. Not that it matters.

Unknown Role (None): I must say, your little farce helped me root out quite a few deceptive, two-faced subordinates.

Unknown Role (None): Organization members who fail to execute orders to the letter should be terminated, immediately.

Unknown Role (None): Never mind Netochka's background. We've met lots of odd ducks — so what if she's the police chief's daughter?

Unknown Role (None): Snowy Owl...

Unknown Role (None): And all that talk about executing orders to the letter... You're all just moving a chest back and forth! The one giving nonsensical orders is the real weirdo here.

Unknown Role (None): Such a terrible waste of manpower...

Unknown Role (None): Hand over the Proof of the Cognoscenti.

Unknown Role (None): Oh, right! All this nonsense almost made Paimon forget that — that's what's important here!

Unknown Role (None): And it doesn't belong to the Fatui. I must take it back — that's my mission!

Unknown Role (None): Take it back? Ridiculous. Of course Reed Miller's treasure doesn't belong to the Fatui — it belongs to Her Majesty the Tsaritsa.

Unknown Role (None): Whoever brings the Great Treasure back to Snezhnograd will be rewarded. Should I do so, I could even be promoted to staff officer.

Unknown Role (None): I knew it. You're as obsessed with these titles as ever.

Unknown Role (None): ...Enough! Since you claim to be Reed Miller's successor, you must be prepared to follow in his footsteps too.

Unknown Role (None): This place shall be your execution ground. If you have any last words, now is the time.

Unknown Role (None): But I will not relay them to Chief Stalanov on your behalf. It's best that he never finds out what happened to his precious daughter. I owe my former teacher this much respect.

Unknown Role (None): Precious daughter? Feh. All he ever cares about are his endless cases and "promising juniors" like you!

Unknown Role (None): ...Hah, you're no better. Still as arrogant as ever.

Unknown Role (None): But it matters little, because this will all end shortly.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh...

Unknown Role (None): So, you really don't know who I am?

Unknown Role (None): So long as you're an accomplice of the thief illegally infiltrating the Experimental Design Bureau, this place will be your grave too.

Unknown Role (None): Mere Fatui joiners...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like we'll have to do this the hard way...

Unknown Role (None): I'm sorry, I lied to you. I do know him, but none of what I know will help us. I can't even help much in battle...

Unknown Role (None): #There's no point saying that now, Netochka. Just leave the fighting to us... to Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): I knew it would end up like this...

Unknown Role (None): But you prefer things this way, right? Straight-up fights are better than wild chest hunts... Whoa, watch out!

## Talk 21

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600359 could not be retrieved

## Talk 22

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600360 could not be retrieved

## Talk 23

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600356 could not be retrieved

## Talk 24

Unknown Role (None): (No usable information can be discerned...)

## Talk 25

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Paimon can see something from here...

Unknown Role (None): Looks like the disposal workshop. It's on the floor plan too. I guess this is where they get rid of defective products.

Unknown Role (None): Look up, I think I see someone...

Unknown Role (None): (Zoom in on the scene.)

Unknown Role (None): It's Raskolnikov! And the chest!

Unknown Role (None): "Sir, the Proof of the Cognoscenti has been recovered."

Unknown Role (None): "Good work, you've done well. Rest up before the next assignment. Ah, and let's have Nod-Krai Hot Dogs for dinner tonight."

Unknown Role (None): "I brought the goods. What about you?"

Unknown Role (None): "What's the rush? Are you telling me how to do my job?"

Unknown Role (None): "Hmm, this is indeed what we agreed upon. As for what we brought, if you want to inspect them... come right this way."

Unknown Role (None): ...Wait. Why did Paimon get so caught up in acting?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like you're both masters of disguise and infiltration, Goldfinch, Snowy Owl. You sure are reliable partners.

Unknown Role (None): However, it would be better if you both were more committed to playing the characters, in terms of speech and mannerisms...

Unknown Role (None): Huh!? What are you, a film director? That's asking way too much!

Unknown Role (None): Huh? This is nothing compared to what's required of ballet performers!

Unknown Role (None): So you watch ballet? Paimon thought you only watched... Wait, that's not the point here!

Unknown Role (None): Anyway, let's put the roleplay aside for now. We can pretty much confirm that the guy called Ras... Ras-whatever, has retrieved the Proof of the Cognoscenti, right?

Unknown Role (None): By the way, why are the Fatui collecting the Proof? Are they also interested in the Great Treasure? ...C—Could they be in the middle of a financial crisis!?

Unknown Role (None): That's what happens when you spend money recklessly.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... It's hard to imagine that the Fatui would take interest in the Great Treasure because they're out of funds...

Unknown Role (None): Doesn't sound very likely...

Unknown Role (None): You're right... Building a huge structure here and deploying so many people doesn't sound like financial crisis to Paimon at all.

Unknown Role (None): Is this that Ras guy's personal interest, then? Wow, asking his subordinates to find treasure for him, that's...

Unknown Role (None): Despicable!

Unknown Role (None): What do they call this again... Yes, that's it!— an "abuse of power"! Truly despicable!

Unknown Role (None): Living the dream!

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, yeah! Reaping the fruits of other people's labor while lounging on a comfy chair...

Unknown Role (None): Um... If it's the Raskolnikov I know, he wouldn't do this out of personal interest. In fact, he doesn't have anything that could even be considered a "personal interest."

Unknown Role (None): There must be some motive... The only thing he's interested in is getting ahead of the game, so maybe he plans to bribe his superior using the Great Treasure...

Unknown Role (None): Come to think of it, Paimon never asked... What exactly is your relationship with that guy, Netochka? It's unusual for a thief to know so much about a Fatui officer.

Unknown Role (None): ...W—We just knew each other from before. We're both from Novokitezhgrad, so it's not that strange that we know each other, right?

Unknown Role (None): Besides, think about it — no one ever questioned why the fae governor in the story wanted to seize the Sampo Mill, right?

Unknown Role (None): Point is, the mill didn't belong to him, just like how the Proof of the Cognoscenti doesn't belong to the Fatui. So naturally, we — the ones on the side of justice — must take it back.

Unknown Role (None): Goldfinch, Snowy Owl, this is where we carve our names in fame and glory as Reed Miller's successors!

Unknown Role (None): For fame and glory!

Unknown Role (None): For the Great Treasure!

Unknown Role (None): #Well, if Traveler... if Goldfinch says so!

Unknown Role (None): But that guy is also an officer here, right? How are we supposed to get the Proof from him without exposing ourselves...?

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Based on the floor plan, we can quickly get to the second floor of the disposal workshop from the archives, and get it done before he leaves.

Unknown Role (None): He thinks everything is under his control, including the chest, which ended up in his hands just as he wanted. But he can't control us...

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, that'll be so Reed Miller! Appearing at unexpected times and places, making a dashing entrance, then gracefully departing... A perfect performance.

## Talk 27

Unknown Role (None): What!? How...

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Paimon knows! This is what they call "Turning their own blade unto them"!

Unknown Role (None): ...It seems I've miscalculated. The Proof of the Cognoscenti that you seek is in my hands. If you want it, follow me outside!

Unknown Role (None): I'll be waiting for you at the highest point of the Experimental Design Bureau.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? He ran away? That... that coward!

Unknown Role (None): Leave it to me! I'll go after him!

## Talk 28

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600343 could not be retrieved

## Talk 29

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600344 could not be retrieved

## Talk 30

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600345 could not be retrieved

## Talk 31

Unknown Role (None): (The section about the Nothing Passage seems quite intriguing...)

## Talk 32

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600346 could not be retrieved

## Talk 33

Unknown Role (None): F—Finally made it up here...

Unknown Role (None): He's alone? Paimon thought he ran so fast because he was going to call for reinforcements.

Unknown Role (None): An ambush, perhaps...?

Unknown Role (None): Ah! How despicable!

Unknown Role (None): Then he will have to pay the price for his arrogance.

Unknown Role (None): Looking down on us... We'll show him!

Unknown Role (None): I'll... I'll fight with you!

Unknown Role (None): If you want the Proof of the Cognoscenti, you must defeat me first! That is, if you can.

## Talk 34

Unknown Role (None): Phew... We won. Now, hand the Proof over.

Unknown Role (None): ...Come and get it yourself.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't expect you to admit defeat so easily... And there really weren't any reinforcements!

Unknown Role (None): This is good.

Unknown Role (None): It sure saves a lot of trouble, but this isn't what usually happens. If this is a trap...

Unknown Role (None): Things going so smoothly makes me uneasy...

Unknown Role (None): C—Could this be the trigger for an even bigger trap!?

Unknown Role (None): Didn't you say you'd get promoted if you brought the Great Treasure back to Snezhnograd? Why are you giving us the Proof so easily?

Unknown Role (None): When did I ever say that I would be the one to do that? Keeping the Proof at the Design Bureau will bring nothing but trouble.

Unknown Role (None): As long as it stays here, there will be an endless swarm of rats coveting it, trying to infiltrate this supposedly impregnable stronghold, just like you lot.

Unknown Role (None): I am to guard the Design Bureau and ensure its efficient operation. But orders from my superiors must be obeyed.

Unknown Role (None): This already constitutes insubordination, of course... but due to my failings, the Proof of the Cognoscenti that we spent so much manpower to find was ultimately stolen by a petty thief.

Unknown Role (None): Now you can go back to Nasha Town... or wherever you want, to announce your victory.

Unknown Role (None): ...Did you lose to us on purpose?

Unknown Role (None): Losing to an opponent who has deep ties with the Harbingers brings no shame upon me. I'm impressed you managed to find such help...

Unknown Role (None): So you did know about us.

Unknown Role (None): Eh!? I knew that you were exceptionally skilled, Goldfinch, but...

Unknown Role (None): ...Haha! A fool blessed with blind luck. I've always hated your kind...

Unknown Role (None): Forget it. Take the Proof of the Cognoscenti. The Experimental Design Bureau will no longer devote manpower to searching for this accursed thing. We won't meet again.

Unknown Role (None): But if you insist on future unwelcome visitation, I'll show you what I'm really made of.

Unknown Role (None): This curtain call is completely different from what I imagined, even with the Proof of the Cognoscenti...

Unknown Role (None): I need some time to think about all this...

Unknown Role (None): Raskolnikov leaves...

## Talk 35

Unknown Role (None): If only he were the big bad governor oppressing the innocent, then I would have... Now, I'm made to look like the unreasonable child...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I'm sorry for dragging you into this farce. Say, do you really have connections to the Harbingers? That's... a surprise. If you'd told me earlier...

Unknown Role (None): #We could have been called "Traveler the Thief Extraordinaire and His Merry Companions" or "Paimon the Thief Extraordinaire and Her Merry Companions"... or something similar? Haha...

Unknown Role (None): Right, speaking of which, you should take the Proof of the Cognoscenti. Yes, it's much better in your hands than mine.

Unknown Role (None): Why do you sound so defeated all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, why are you giving up already? And, didn't something like this happen just a moment ago?

Unknown Role (None): You and that Ras-whatever guy, you talk in circles around each other and act like everything's settled afterwards.

Unknown Role (None): And that makes Paimon feel kinda uneasy, even if we did get the Proof! It's like a sneeze that just won't come out...

Unknown Role (None): I just... suddenly realized that, compared to Raskolnikov and all of you, I'm just an insignificant character in the story, like I've always been...

Unknown Role (None): I wish I could become Reed Miller, a true protagonist with an adventure to call my own — someone who can claim the spotlight and receive the adoration of all...

Unknown Role (None): So I told myself that it was my destiny to become Reed Miller's successor. To turn my fantasy into reality, I came here in search of clues about the Great Treasure.

Unknown Role (None): Back in Nasha Town, Hidimbi gave me some clues on the Proof of the Cognoscenti and said I was special, that she had chosen me. I was so happy at the time...

Unknown Role (None): But now that I think about it, how could I possibly have been the only one? She must have had other motives.

Unknown Role (None): All that talk about being Reed Miller's successor, about destiny and mission... they were never meant for me. I'm still just a pebble by the roadside, worthless and unnoticed...

Unknown Role (None): You write your own story.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, how does that saying go... "Everyone's the protagonist of their own story"?

Unknown Role (None): So what's wrong with us being "Netochka the Thief Extraordinaire and Her Merry Companions" in your story?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, but like we agreed, Snowy Owl is the character who embodies wisdom and beauty, and who's just the slightest bit mysterious! It's a role made for Paimon, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): #As for Traveler... Sorry, Goldfinch, he can be the handsome and cool character!

Unknown Role (None): Don't overthink it. Do what makes you happy.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't get it. Rather than thinking about things like fate or destiny... isn't it better to live happily?

Unknown Role (None): I envy you, Paimon... I wish I could think that way. Do you have any tips on finding happiness?

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm... Well, Paimon's happy just being with Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): #Whether it's eating Chicken-Mushroom Skewers in the wild or feasting in a fancy restaurant, it's all good as long as it's done with Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): #So if I want to be happy like you, Paimon, I'd need a companion like Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... That doesn't sound right. Why do you always have to imitate others, Netochka?

Unknown Role (None): You just have to be yourself. Everyone has a chance of becoming Reed Miller's successor, but only you can be you.

Unknown Role (None): But if I'm just being myself... would I actually deserve it? To be a brilliant character in people's eyes, or a special someone?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, why are you still going on about this? It doesn't matter what others think!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't get why you keep worrying over it. Even if you're not someone's "special someone" or a big name, you can still be happy!

Unknown Role (None): So you think none of that matters... That's really broad-minded, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): ...Broad-minded? Hmm, yeah, that's right! That's the secret to happiness! Hehe, Paimon can drop insightful lines too.

Unknown Role (None): #Well, since you think none of that matters, then... Traveler, would you become my best companion? I don't expect to be your special someone, but...

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait a minute! B—Best companion? That won't do!

Unknown Role (None): #That title belongs to Paimon, r—right? Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you talk the talk but can't walk the walk, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Netochka, you... Are you making fun of Paimon!?

Unknown Role (None): Since you're already feeling well enough to joke around... Hmph, and here Paimon was, just a bit, a tiiiny bit, worried about you.

Unknown Role (None): Quick, say thank you to Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #Mm! Thank you, Paimon, and thank you too, Traveler. Snowy Owl, Goldfinch, you're both my dear companions!

Unknown Role (None): By the way, what are your plans after this? And, the Proof of the Cognoscenti...

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you take the Proof this time. You've earned it. But if we cross paths elsewhere in the future, don't expect any mercy from me, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So we'll be rivals next time we meet? Hehe, the two of us are formidable rivals to have, y'know!

Unknown Role (None): It's a shame we can't become best companions, but I'll work hard to become your greatest rival instead. Just you wait and see!

## Talk 36

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600325 could not be retrieved

## Talk 37

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600326 could not be retrieved

## Talk 38

Unknown Role (None): (It won't budge at all. Looks like there's no way to open it...)

Unknown Role (None): Not sure if there's another way out. Let's keep looking.

## Talk 39

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600347 could not be retrieved

## Talk 40

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600327 could not be retrieved

## Talk 41

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600321 could not be retrieved

## Talk 42

Unknown Role (None): They're all empty! This is the only one left...

Unknown Role (None): We've looked up and down and haven't seen hide or hair of that thief. Where in the world could she be hiding...?

Unknown Role (None): Maybe she's gotten what she wanted and already made the big escape?

Unknown Role (None): Haha. That's not gonna look good on our monthly reports, let me tell you... or Poruchik Raskolnikov's...

Unknown Role (None): Someone's approaching. Let's hide! Um, *that container* looks like a good spot...

## Talk 43

Unknown Role (None): (A container that is just here for some reason.)

Unknown Role (None): (Reminds me of the time Netochka, red as a beet, pushing us out during our previous attempt at hiding inside one...)

## Talk 44

Unknown Role (None): Never mind that now, let's find a place to hide before we get caught!

## Talk 45

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600351 could not be retrieved

## Talk 46

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600353 could not be retrieved

## Talk 47

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600358 could not be retrieved

## Talk 48

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600361 could not be retrieved

## Talk 49

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600352 could not be retrieved

## Talk 50

Unknown Role (None): Hey! Where do you think you're going?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, you weasel! Trying to ditch us!

Unknown Role (None): S—Say what you want! A true master thief only has her eyes on the treasure. I couldn't care less about anything else!

Unknown Role (None): ...That way, hurry!

Unknown Role (None): ...Got... Stay put...

## Talk 51

Unknown Role (None): (There's clearly no chest on the bed, so maybe under it... Whoa, no chest in sight, and completely spotless, to boot...)

## Talk 52

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600331 could not be retrieved

## Talk 53

Unknown Role (None): Netochka... Are you sure it's this way? It looks dangerous...

Unknown Role (None): Trust me, this is definitely the right way. Besides, isn't sneaking across rooftops what cool rogues do? Ahem... We need to keep our voices down.

Unknown Role (None): Don't worry, Snowy Owl. I'm here with you. Let's go!

Unknown Role (None): (I'll leave the one on the right to you, Goldfinch!)

Unknown Role (None): (Oh, I didn't expect the Moonstriders to come in handy so soon. I'll take care of the top, watch this!)

Unknown Role (None): Of course! How else would I live up to the title of the great Reed Miller, returned to Teyvat at last?

Unknown Role (None): You can count on me from now on, heh heh.

Unknown Role (None): Piece of cake! Are you all okay?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon didn't expect you to be this good, Netochka...

## Talk 54

Unknown Role (None): It seems the Proof of the Cognoscenti isn't here. At least, the chest containing it isn't.

Unknown Role (None): But look, at least we found a floor plan of this place. Paimon's not sure how useful it'll be, though...

Unknown Role (None): How terribly careless of them.

Unknown Role (None): Right? How could they just leave something like this out in the open?

Unknown Role (None): Someone in Nasha Town would probably buy it.

Unknown Role (None): Oh! Guess it'll go to the highest bidder, then.

Unknown Role (None): ...But if it's not here, where else could it be? Should I check the archives again? Or...

Unknown Role (None): Haha! Seriously? I've been itching to see him eat crow!

Unknown Role (None): Of course it's real. You know what Poruchik Raskolnikov is like. You think he's going to let someone get away with a fumble like that?

Unknown Role (None): Tell me about it. I had a minor slip-up at work before... It wasn't a big deal, but I got slammed over it.

Unknown Role (None): ...Are they getting closer or something?

Unknown Role (None): We can't let them see us. Let's improvise and hide. Gotta look for a good spot...

Unknown Role (None): I'll hide under the bed.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Where's the floor plan? I thought I left it right here.

Unknown Role (None): You don't see it? Did you lose it somewhere in the *archives* when we were moving the chest earlier?

Unknown Role (None): I don't think so? Maybe I lost it back at the mess hall... *sigh* Man, fine, I'll go back and look. Wouldn't want to get into trouble again.

Unknown Role (None): Thought you said the thief and her lackeys were gone? Heh, for all you know, we'll soon have Dhabit's little crooks peddling copies of the floor plan up and down Nasha Town!

Unknown Role (None): ...Don't scare me like that. That's it, let's split up and look for it.

Unknown Role (None): Ugh... Had to hold my sneeze in with all that dust...

Unknown Role (None): It's pretty clean and spacious under the bed, but we were completely exposed. That got Paimon's heart racing for a moment...

Unknown Role (None): You should have hidden with us.

Unknown Role (None): Uh-huh. We would've made it, just about.

Unknown Role (None): I'll take the container this time.

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Where's the floor plan? I thought I left it right here.

Unknown Role (None): You don't see it? Did you lose it somewhere in the *archives* when we were moving the chest earlier?

Unknown Role (None): I don't think so? Maybe I lost it back at the mess hall... *sigh* Man, fine, I'll go back and look. Wouldn't want to get into trouble again.

Unknown Role (None): Thought you said the thief and her lackeys were gone? Heh, for all you know, we'll soon have Dhabit's little crooks peddling copies of the floor plan up and down Nasha Town!

Unknown Role (None): ...Don't scare me like that. That's it, let's split up and look for it.

Unknown Role (None): *cough* *cough*... F—Finally out... Who would've thought it'd be so dusty inside!? What on earth was it used for anyway?

Unknown Role (None): Looks like my lucky streak continues. It's dust-free under the bed.

Unknown Role (None): Should've squeezed in with you...

Unknown Role (None): It would have been a bit tight, but we would've managed...?

Unknown Role (None): #Huh!? That... Th—That's a bit too close, Goldfinch! A—Are you an idiot!?

Unknown Role (None): #Netochka... Only idiots call other people an idiot out of nowhere! Wait, what does that have to do with anything...?

Unknown Role (None): I—In any case, keeping a polite distance is only p—proper! I—It's about etiquette, I'll have you know!

Unknown Role (None): Aren't we intimate companions?

Unknown Role (None): Intimate!?

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't think we're intimate yet! But we can be considered companions. C—Can't we?

Unknown Role (None): We're roleplaying companions, if nothing else.

Unknown Role (None): That we are. Ahem. Well! Goldfinch and Snowy Owl are ready here! What about you, great Netochka? Are you ready to keep looking for the Proof of the Cognoscenti?

Unknown Role (None): ...Phew, g—give me a moment. Um, they ended up moving the chest to the *archives*. We should be able to find it there.

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* We've been all over the shop looking for this thing... Paimon would rather take a commission from the Adventurers' Guild.

Unknown Role (None): This is the key to the secret of the Great Treasure! You can't simply compare it to commissions from the Guild!

Unknown Role (None): Besides, we have the floor plan now... That's our "treasure map," no? Come, Goldfinch, Snowy Owl, let's be on our way!

Unknown Role (None): The voices and footsteps get closer and closer. No time to hesitate — You pick your spots and hold your breath...

Unknown Role (None): The voices and footsteps get closer and closer. No time to hesitate — You pick your spots and hold your breath...

Unknown Role (None): The voices and footsteps fade away. You carefully exit your hiding spots...

Unknown Role (None): The voices and footsteps fade away. You carefully exit your hiding spots...

## Talk 55

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600362 could not be retrieved

## Talk 56

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600363 could not be retrieved

## Talk 57

Unknown Role (None): I'm ready to go whenever you are.

## Talk 58

[Missing Talk]: Talk 7600364 could not be retrieved

## Talk 59

Unknown Role (None): If only he were the big bad governor oppressing the innocent, then I would have... Now, I'm made to look like the unreasonable child...

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I'm sorry for dragging you into this farce. Say, do you really have connections to the Harbingers? That's... a surprise. If you'd told me earlier...

Unknown Role (None): #We could have been called "Traveler the Thief Extraordinaire and His Merry Companions" or "Paimon the Thief Extraordinaire and Her Merry Companions"... or something similar? Haha...

Unknown Role (None): Right, speaking of which, you should take the Proof of the Cognoscenti. Yes, it's much better in your hands than mine.

Unknown Role (None): Why do you sound so defeated all of a sudden?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, why are you giving up already? And, didn't something like this happen just a moment ago?

Unknown Role (None): You and that Ras-whatever guy, you talk in circles around each other and act like everything's settled afterwards.

Unknown Role (None): And that makes Paimon feel kinda uneasy, even if we did get the Proof! It's like a sneeze that just won't come out...

Unknown Role (None): I just... suddenly realized that, compared to Raskolnikov and all of you, I'm just an insignificant character in the story, like I've always been...

Unknown Role (None): I wish I could become Reed Miller, a true protagonist with an adventure to call my own — someone who can claim the spotlight and receive the adoration of all...

Unknown Role (None): So I told myself that it was my destiny to become Reed Miller's successor. To turn my fantasy into reality, I came here in search of clues about the Great Treasure.

Unknown Role (None): Back in Nasha Town, Hidimbi gave me some clues on the Proof of the Cognoscenti and said I was special, that she had chosen me. I was so happy at the time...

Unknown Role (None): But now that I think about it, how could I possibly have been the only one? She must have had other motives.

Unknown Role (None): All that talk about being Reed Miller's successor, about destiny and mission... they were never meant for me. I'm still just a pebble by the roadside, worthless and unnoticed...

Unknown Role (None): You write your own story.

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, how does that saying go... "Everyone's the protagonist of their own story"?

Unknown Role (None): So what's wrong with us being "Netochka the Thief Extraordinaire and Her Merry Companions" in your story?

Unknown Role (None): Ah, but like we agreed, Snowy Owl is the character who embodies wisdom and beauty, and who's just the slightest bit mysterious! It's a role made for Paimon, hehe.

Unknown Role (None): #As for Traveler... Sorry, Goldfinch, he can be the handsome and cool character!

Unknown Role (None): Don't overthink it. Do what makes you happy.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't get it. Rather than thinking about things like fate or destiny... isn't it better to live happily?

Unknown Role (None): I envy you, Paimon... I wish I could think that way. Do you have any tips on finding happiness?

Unknown Role (None): #Hmm... Well, Paimon's happy just being with Traveler.

Unknown Role (None): #Whether it's eating Chicken-Mushroom Skewers in the wild or feasting in a fancy restaurant, it's all good as long as it's done with Traveler!

Unknown Role (None): #So if I want to be happy like you, Paimon, I'd need a companion like Traveler...

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... That doesn't sound right. Why do you always have to imitate others, Netochka?

Unknown Role (None): You just have to be yourself. Everyone has a chance of becoming Reed Miller's successor, but only you can be you.

Unknown Role (None): But if I'm just being myself... would I actually deserve it? To be a brilliant character in people's eyes, or a special someone?

Unknown Role (None): Hey, why are you still going on about this? It doesn't matter what others think!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon doesn't get why you keep worrying over it. Even if you're not someone's "special someone" or a big name, you can still be happy!

Unknown Role (None): So you think none of that matters... That's really broad-minded, Paimon...

Unknown Role (None): ...Broad-minded? Hmm, yeah, that's right! That's the secret to happiness! Hehe, Paimon can drop insightful lines too.

Unknown Role (None): #Well, since you think none of that matters, then... Traveler, would you become my best companion? I don't expect to be your special someone, but...

Unknown Role (None): W—Wait a minute! B—Best companion? That won't do!

Unknown Role (None): #That title belongs to Paimon, r—right? Traveler?

Unknown Role (None): Haha, you talk the talk but can't walk the walk, Paimon!

Unknown Role (None): Hmm? Netochka, you... Are you making fun of Paimon!?

Unknown Role (None): Since you're already feeling well enough to joke around... Hmph, and here Paimon was, just a bit, a tiiiny bit, worried about you.

Unknown Role (None): Quick, say thank you to Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): #Mm! Thank you, Paimon, and thank you too, Traveler. Snowy Owl, Goldfinch, you're both my dear companions!

Unknown Role (None): By the way, what are your plans after this? And, the Proof of the Cognoscenti...

Unknown Role (None): I'll let you take the Proof this time. You've earned it. But if we cross paths elsewhere in the future, don't expect any mercy from me, alright?

Unknown Role (None): Oh? So we'll be rivals next time we meet? Hehe, the two of us are formidable rivals to have, y'know!

Unknown Role (None): It's a shame we can't become best companions, but I'll work hard to become your greatest rival instead. Just you wait and see!

Unknown Role (None): A wanted list? I had no idea... The Flagship always felt sketchy, so I've never been inside. This is news to me...

Unknown Role (None): Hidimbi... You mean the person who's on The Flagship's wanted list for fraud? Ugh. Paimon knew you were conned, Netochka!

## Talk 60

Unknown Role (None): Goldfinch! Just a little longer!

Unknown Role (None): ...There we go! Goldfinch, the hammer is yours! Smash that big guy into pieces!

## Talk 61

Unknown Role (None): It's just down here and inside. I'll split off now. Goldfinch, Snowy Owl, don't get lost now!

Unknown Role (None): Netochka scales the walls and roof with the power of the Moonstriders and vanishes from sight...

Unknown Role (None): #Looks like she's having the time of her life... Traveler, let's hurry and catch up.

## Talk 62

Unknown Role (None): Sorry, I made trouble for you again...

Unknown Role (None): We're used to it at this point. Now, if you ditched us or tried to shoo us off at this point... Now that would make us mad!

Unknown Role (None): ...Okay. Then, thank you, for keeping me company.

Unknown Role (None): That's more like it! Speaking of, didn't that Ras guy say he'd meet us at the highest point? Why's the lift malfunctioning, then?

Unknown Role (None): What should we do? Do we try to fix it?

Unknown Role (None): Knocking on it a few times might do the trick.

Unknown Role (None): I doubt it's that easy to fix!

Unknown Role (None): The Moonstriders are our best shot.

Unknown Role (None): Um... I don't think they'll manage that far up. If we had some other help, though...

Unknown Role (None): Th—That scared Paimon! She thought it'd hit her for sure...

Unknown Role (None): Oh! I've heard about this strange lightning before. A treasure hunter I met told me that, with the Moonstriders, it should be easy to jump from where the lightning strikes to the top level.

Unknown Role (None): I guess you can fly up, Snowy Owl, but what about you, Goldfinch...?

Unknown Role (None): I have my ways.

Unknown Role (None): #Yeah! This is child's play for him, but you might have to wait a bit.

## Talk 63

Unknown Role (None): About Novokitezhgrad...

Unknown Role (None): I felt stifled while I lived there, but now that I've left, I find myself missing it... This is the first time I've been so far from home.

Unknown Role (None): I thought there would be plenty of fae living in other places too, like back home. Even Snezhnograd has its fair share of them.

Unknown Role (None): But then I ended up in Nod-Krai and haven't even seen a single one of them. Paimon also said she isn't fae. Hmm... It's got nothing to do with the climate here, right...?

Unknown Role (None): See you around!

Unknown Role (None): Yeah! Until then, good luck to the both of us!

Unknown Role (None): There's no snowstorms here, and you won't be left without options if you're caught without a stove in the wild.

Unknown Role (None): Oh and, I even saw someone drinking liquor from Novokitezhgrad in Nod-Krai. We're known for our liquor industry as much as our mining industry, but still, seeing stuff from home makes me... sentimental?

Unknown Role (None): Katya's cooking is amazing... Novokitezhgrad can wait a little longer.

Unknown Role (None): Netochka, we meet again.

Unknown Role (None): Ah! Are you here for our duel? Th—This is a surprise attack! If we have to do it, at least schedule a time and place...

Unknown Role (None): I'd still like to spend some quality time here. I mean, I haven't had the chance to explore Nasha Town proper... So how about we leave our showdown for later?

## Talk 64

Unknown Role (None): I don't know where the other card is... but even if you find it, there's still the problem of *getting it inside and placing it high up* to remove the barrier.

Unknown Role (None): It boggles my mind why the Fatui would invent such a strange device...