# Collaborative Commission

Unknown Role (None): Thank you again for all the help you've given the Guild, Boss Nefer, Miss Jahoda.

Unknown Role (None): There's no need for that. Not when this is really a collaboration between us.

Unknown Role (None): That's true, but I still want to thank you, Boss Nefer, for being so willing to help the Guild with the... complicated investigative work.

Unknown Role (None): The Adventurers' Guild has also sent several folks to help us with our work. We're all working together towards the same goal.

Unknown Role (None): I hope our future collaborations will be just as pleasant, Mr. Sarin.

Unknown Role (None): You can rest assured, Boss Nefer, that the Adventurers' Guild...

Unknown Role (None): Oh, I should be clear about this. You can absolutely trust that we at the Nod-Krai Adventurers' Guild are your ever-reliable partners.

Unknown Role (None): Heh, that much is clear to me, yes.

Unknown Role (None): (Good, good, just keep talking like that, Boss Nef, my dearest Boss Nef, please don't look at me, please don't look at me, please don't look at me...)

Unknown Role (None): Jahoda, why are you keeping so quiet?

Unknown Role (None): (NO, she looked at me!!! Fine, just don't look at the commission board, please don't look at the commission board, please don't look at the commission boar—)

Unknown Role (None): Huh? M-me? Um, I don't have anything to say! Um... Thanks... for the commission...?

Unknown Role (None): Oh, we should also thank you for your assistance, Miss Jahoda. Without you, the paperwork at the Guild would've piled up into a mountain by now.

Unknown Role (None): No need for thank me... I'm getting paid, so I have to do the job right, of course...

Unknown Role (None): (*Sigh* Looks like she has forgotten everything I taught her to say...)

Unknown Role (None): By the way, since we're all here...

Unknown Role (None): (No! We had such a good vibe going, Boss! Please just give me a break, Boss!)

Unknown Role (None): Mr. Sarin, would you please bring over the latest batch of commissions?

Unknown Role (None): Jahoda, pick the commission you believe matters the most.

Unknown Role (None): I want you to think this over carefully, so take your time, okay?

Unknown Role (None): Okay... Yes, Boss...

Unknown Role (None): (Ugh!!! I'm DOOMED!)