# A Gift From Her

Unknown Role (None): That smells great! Did we make it in time for Columbina's mealtime again?

Unknown Role (None): Huh. Are those kuuhenki... lining up? For soup that Columbina's serving?

Unknown Role (None): Just a moment.

Unknown Role (None): ~!

Unknown Role (None): Wow, this is really good!

Unknown Role (None): Refreshing, tasty fruit soup — Paimon's never had anything quite like it!

Unknown Role (None): Another serving?

Unknown Role (None): Make that two!

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): Are you learning to cook?

Unknown Role (None): Yes. I asked Ineffa for some basic recipes, and have made several attempts. The kuuhenki and animals have both responded quite positively.

Unknown Role (None): Having any issues in the kitchen?

Unknown Role (None): Well... My sleeves are too wide. They brush against the pot if I'm not careful...

Unknown Role (None): (So, it's not the cooking itself that's giving you trouble.)

Unknown Role (None): I struggle somewhat with making desserts, though.

Unknown Role (None): You have to get the temperature and proportions just right...

Unknown Role (None): (She must not have cooked much for herself in the past, then.)

Unknown Role (None): (Besides, desserts and snacks are particularly hard to get right if you're working solo...)

Unknown Role (None): Would you like me to help?

Unknown Role (None): Sure. Let's start with krumkake, shall we?

Unknown Role (None): Some time later...

Unknown Role (None): Would you like to try one?

Unknown Role (None): (Take a nibble.)

Unknown Role (None): (Chow down.)

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): (Oh wow, that first bite probably soured my face into a prune...)

Unknown Role (None): (But after you swallow some, the sweetness resurfaces... Maybe it gets better once you get used to it...)

Unknown Role (None): What do you think?

Unknown Role (None): Passable...

Unknown Role (None): But there's room for improvement...

Unknown Role (None): Did Paimon miss anything?

Unknown Role (None): Try this real quick, would you?

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): Gaaaah, it's so sour! Wh—What are you trying to do to Paimon!?

Unknown Role (None): Haha...

Unknown Role (None): The aftertaste is pretty good, though.

Unknown Role (None): It's all about the initial taste! Couldn't one of you have warned me to take a smaller bite!?

Unknown Role (None): If you hadn't said anything, Paimon would've thought this was a prank! Watching people's faces pucker or something...

Unknown Role (None): Okay. Let me try again.

Unknown Role (None): More time passes...

Unknown Role (None): Here. Try this batch.

Unknown Role (None): (Whoa...! This is way better!)

Unknown Role (None): It's delicious!

Unknown Role (None): You sure learn fast!

Unknown Role (None): Really? Paimon wants some too! ...Mmm! That's the stuff! Sooo tasty!

Unknown Role (None): Good enough to be given as a gift?

Unknown Role (None): Totally! Wait, did you learn how to cook and make krumkake because you wanted to make a present for someone?

Unknown Role (None): Yes... For my friends.

Unknown Role (None): That's a great idea.

Unknown Role (None): Do you still remember the first time you came here together? You had prepared some food for me.

Unknown Role (None): Though the food couldn't do much to replenish the power I had lost, eating it did make me feel more relaxed.

Unknown Role (None): I did not give it much thought then, but now I understand.

Unknown Role (None): The time and effort put into carefully preparing food by hand is what gives it soul.

Unknown Role (None): What I enjoyed was not simply the food itself, but the warmth and kindness in the hands that made it.

Unknown Role (None): And the less those hands seek reciprocity, the greater the warmth and kindness required to match it in turn.

Unknown Role (None): Awww, Paimon's gonna blush if you go on like that... To be honest, we were at least kinda hoping to get on your good side back there.

Unknown Role (None): But things are different now.

Unknown Role (None): If there's anything you'd like to eat, just say the word.

Unknown Role (None): Indeed. But now that I understand all this, I'd like to do a little more... It's a wonderful feeling.

Unknown Role (None): Would you come with me to visit our friends?

Unknown Role (None): Apart from the krumkake, I have also prepared a few other gifts. Ah, but they must be sent in secret.

Unknown Role (None): Why "in secret," if you don't mind Paimon asking?

Unknown Role (None): Well, you've always been the ones to "pleasantly surprise" me. I'd like to see how my friends will react when the tables are turned.

Unknown Role (None): Phew. We were running all over! Finally done.

Unknown Role (None): Their reactions were kind of surprising, though. Some didn't even realize they were gifts from you, Columbina...

Unknown Role (None): Aino just got straight to snacking...

Unknown Role (None): It's fine. I expected as much. What's important is that they were happy to receive the gifts.

Unknown Role (None): In that case, Lauma definitely knew the krumkakes and wreath on her desk came from you.

Unknown Role (None): Paimon can understand her being hesitant about wearing the wreath, but seriously, she stared at the krumkakes for a good ten minutes and still couldn't bring herself to eat one...

Unknown Role (None): I was getting worried that she might enshrine them...

Unknown Role (None): It seems Jahoda got quite the fright, though... Perhaps we shouldn't have slipped the gifts directly behind her...

Unknown Role (None): She almost jumped out of her skin.

Unknown Role (None): Maybe she's just naturally more alert? Still, she seemed to calm down when Ashru came over to paw at the scratching post you sent.

Unknown Role (None): As for our other friends who aren't in Nod-Krai, I'm counting on you to deliver their gifts.

Unknown Role (None): !!!

Unknown Role (None): I must say, you're quite good at preparing presents.

Unknown Role (None): Here.

Unknown Role (None): Ooh! Is it finally our turn?

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Candies? Paimon thought we'd get krumkakes like everyone else.

Unknown Role (None): Well, you already had some of those while taste-testing. Some variety is nice, don't you think?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah... They're really good, too.

Unknown Role (None): Better than the Moon-Prayer Night candies, even.

Unknown Role (None): That's good to hear.

Unknown Role (None): And there's one more gift. Here, for you.

Unknown Role (None): This is... a wind glider?

Unknown Role (None): I've heard it said that the skies belong to the birds, and the land, to the beasts...

Unknown Role (None): While the vast space between the two is reserved for adventurers wearing wing gliders.

Unknown Role (None): With this by your side, may your path forward ever be lit as with moonlight.

Unknown Role (None): It's perfect. Thank you.

Unknown Role (None): And thank you, for your companionship.