# A Gift of Memories

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler! Over here! Paimon's got something awesome to show you!

Unknown Role (None): Ta-da! Look at this! It took Paimon forever to dig up this treasure from that bustling market!

Unknown Role (None): I say, this is... an elder statesman amongst Kameras.

Unknown Role (None): Are you getting into antiques, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): No, silly! This is a surprise gift Paimon prepared just for you!

Unknown Role (None): According to the mysterious shopkeeper, this was the Kamera used by that super famous Fontainian photographer from a few decades ago: the legendary Pierre Leblanc!

Unknown Role (None): Rumor has it that the photos he took with this Kamera were all smash hits, and they'd often make it onto the front page of The Steambird!

Unknown Role (None): If you use this legendary Kamera, your photos will be like... doubly legendary! And then we can sell them for Mora!

Unknown Role (None): This Kamera... was expensive, wasn't it?

Unknown Role (None): It was okay! After all, Paimon's got her emergency funds to fall back on!

Unknown Role (None): As long as you like it, Paimon's willing to empty her pockets!

Unknown Role (None): You didn't run into any shady merchants, did you, Paimon?

Unknown Role (None): Relax! To be absolutely sure, Paimon already had a very reliable engineer verify it — this is definitely the exact model the great master Leblanc used back in the day, no doubt about it!

Unknown Role (None): But wait, there's more! When the engineer opened it up, they found a tiny engraving inside with Leblanc's initials! That's hard evidence right there, hehe!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's such a reliable guide, isn't she? Come rain or shine, she won't let you down!

Unknown Role (None): Wow. In that case, thank you, Paimon. It's a wonderful gift.

Unknown Role (None): I'll make sure to take many legendary photos with it.

Unknown Role (None): Yay! Paimon's happy if you're happy! Now that we've arrived in a new nation, let's put this Kamera to good use and take pictures of all the new things we see!

Unknown Role (None): Paimon's also prepared a new photo album for you, just for the occasion. Paimon's reliable AND thoughtful, you see!

Unknown Role (None): Okie dokie, enough chitchat! Those photos aren't going to take themselves. Let's go!