# Moonlit Patrol Exercise

Unknown Role (None): Well, well, well, if it isn't the kind-hearted merchant... Out here chasing business, are we?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* You wouldn't understand. Us poor folk with nothing to our names have to go where the money is — like hungry dogs chasing after scraps of bone...

Unknown Role (None): Hmph, loquacious as ever...

Unknown Role (None): You might want to pay more attention to what's going on in front of you — I reckon you're about to lose.

Unknown Role (None): #I wouldn't be so sure... Ah, Traveler, just in time. Perhaps you can help me figure out how to reverse my fortunes?

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, you're asking the right person!

Unknown Role (None): This looks different from when I last played...

Unknown Role (None): Ha, indeed! If I'm going to set up shop in a new locale, I need to spice things up a little — you're looking at my new and improved wargame!

Unknown Role (None): Basically, there's a wider variety of gameplay. There's "Frontline Captains," and different kinds of flags... It feels a lot more like commanding a real army!

Unknown Role (None): However, just as I was trying to sell it to prospective buyers, this fine lady turned up and threw a spanner in the works.

Unknown Role (None): To prove my product is all above board — and to prevent concerned onlookers from reporting me to the authorities — I had no choice but to play a round with her. Otherwise, she might accuse me of selling "dangerous military equipment"!

Unknown Role (None): #Thank you for sharing your — remarkably long — side of the story... Hello, you must be the famous Traveler? And that would make your companion the world-renowned, expert guide, Paimon. I've been hearing a lot about you two!

Unknown Role (None): I never expected our kind-hearted Fontainian merchant here to keep such exalted company... I feel honored to see you in the flesh.

Unknown Role (None): I'm Wislawa, a... kind-hearted bodyguard.

Unknown Role (None): It's just a pity we haven't played out our game, otherwise I'd be able to take good care of you...

Unknown Role (None): (Does she mean take care, or "take care"?)

Unknown Role (None): (She looks like she'd make a dangerous enemy...)

Unknown Role (None): Hehe, don't worry about it!

Unknown Role (None): You seem nice! Usually, when we bump into people with your sense of style... uhm, how should Paimon put it... they don't do much talking before their fists start flying!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, don't worry, I'm on holiday! Besides, even when I'm working, I try my best not to get too physical. Either way you look at it, you've nothing to fear from me.

Unknown Role (None): But you two look like you might come to blows...

Unknown Role (None): Paimon was thinking that too! Even though you're playing wargames, when we turned up, the atmosphere was a little... uhm, tense, but maybe it was just a mix-up...

Unknown Role (None): You think we should spar? That's a great idea!

Unknown Role (None): I suppose we could slug it out...

Unknown Role (None): Hey, hey, hey! Paimon was just thinking out loud — it wasn't a suggestion!

Unknown Role (None): Haha, don't worry, we're just pulling your leg.

Unknown Role (None): Though it really does seem like this new product has the ability to help resolve disputes. When two people are at loggerheads and feel the itch to start fighting, they can whip out my wargame and—

Unknown Role (None): Ugh, yap-yap-yap. How about you just try it for yourselves?

Unknown Role (None): Great idea.

Unknown Role (None): Or... you could help me beat our enthusiastic bodyguard here first.

Unknown Role (None): No outside assistance!