# End of a Leisurely Holiday

Unknown Role (None): ...That should be enough to prove this isn't some sort of secret weapon.

Unknown Role (None): Hmm... Sure does. Now you just need to make it a little tougher, and it might pose a challenge to adults as well.

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! The atmosphere's getting all tense again, you don't think they're going to...

Unknown Role (None): Come to blows?

Unknown Role (None): #You're not far wrong... Hey, Traveler, since you're here, why not help us referee a fair fight?

Unknown Role (None): *sigh* I don't know where this obsession with sparing has come from. Is it because I beat you so easily the last time? If that's what this is about, then let's just get it over with.

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler, keep your eyes peeled and see who blinks first!

Unknown Role (None): Hmph! All those empty words aren't going to save you!

Unknown Role (None): Edler looks stronger...

Unknown Role (None): Wislawa looks bigger...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...

Unknown Role (None): ...!

Unknown Role (None): Whoa! Aren't they only supposed to be sparring!?

Unknown Role (None): It's not too late to admit defeat! I'll give you three seconds...

Unknown Role (None): Three, two, one...

Unknown Role (None): Whoa!

Unknown Role (None): There is a loud, metallic clack followed by calm silence...

Unknown Role (None): It's alright, Paimon, you can open your eyes.

Unknown Role (None): It turns out the most "tense" person here was you...

Unknown Role (None): Wh—What? Wislawa, you're not hurt!?

Unknown Role (None): Edler only fired a warning shot.

Unknown Role (None): There were no bullets in the musket.

Unknown Role (None): Of course. I don't want to end up stuck in some foreign prison...

Unknown Role (None): I had to put on a show. Let her know I'm not some cowardly merchant she can just push around.

Unknown Role (None): This way, the next time we meet, she'll think twice before causing me trouble.

Unknown Role (None): #But, Traveler, how did you know what was going on? You're not tense at all!

Unknown Role (None): Edler's expression was too relaxed.

Unknown Role (None): Edler said it herself — "see who blinks first."

Unknown Role (None): You're sharp. A well-placed threat's the fastest way to make someone surrender. It's just a shame that shortcuts are seldom so easy to take.

Unknown Role (None): #Not to mention, Traveler is here... Anyway, I'm still standing.

Unknown Role (None): I just hope the next time we meet, I get a chance to...

Unknown Role (None): Don't start with all that again. How many chances do you think we'll have to meet?

Unknown Role (None): If the next time I see you, you happen to be on duty, I'll be forced to respond appropriately to any actions you take.

Unknown Role (None): But if you're on holiday again, let's play another wargame or two — for the sake of my business.