# Unwritten Rules

Paimon: Hey, now that Paimon thinks about it, we still don't know what happened to the robots once they got all fixed up. Let's go ask Ginette!

Paimon: Huh, what's going on over there?

Paimon: Everyone's crowded around, and then there's Gaudenty...

Ginette: Gaudenty tried to steal the robots I made! If Ineffa and Sarin hadn't tipped me off...

Gaudenty: Steal? Nonsense, I was just trying to see if they were worth investing in!

Ineffa: Analysis of your history renders your current claims difficult to believe.

Gaudenty: My... history? Don't spout rubbish...

Ineffa: Aino values all items in her workshop, and has established a comprehensive surveillance system through her robots.

Ineffa: It is almost impossible for an outsider to steal from the workshop without being detected, unless the culprit is assisted from within.

Paimon: Wait, you don't mean...

Ineffa: While I was here, I swept every corner of the workshop meticulously. As expected, I discovered a few destroyed surveillance robots.

Ineffa: I had Aino repair them. The recovered records make it clear that the "assistant" we are looking for is indeed Gaudenty.

Paimon: So he's been working with that receptionist all along?

Sarin: You two were attacked when retrieving the last of the robots, right? I'm afraid those assailants may also have ties to him.

Gaudenty: I... I'm an expatriate representative of the Kuuvahki Experimental Design Bureau! You have no right to lay your hands on me!

Sarin: Give it up. You think we haven't figured out who you are? You're no "representative" of anything.

Sarin: This man was once a member of the Adventurers' Guild, but was expelled due to misconduct, before turning to bounty hunting instead.

Sarin: I've heard that he still hadn't kicked his old habits at that point, which cost him his certification from the Voynich Guild, so now he's stuck scraping by on shady gigs... like this one.

Paimon: Aha! When Paimon first laid eyes on him, she could just tell he was a big, lousy liar! Now, what are we gonna do with him?

Asikko: Excuse me. With all due respect, might I take the liberty of handling this individual?

Paimon: Hmm... Hey, aren't you the merchant we saw back at the black market?

Asikko: To be honest, there's an unsettled debt between this bounty hunter and I. According to my Agent, he's been hiding in the workshop for quite a long time.

Asikko: Out of respect for the workshop owner, my Agent never pressed for repayment — so I've come personally to... negotiate this matter in a more civil manner.

Gaudenty: Asikko, my good sir! Please help me! All that I've done has been to repay the Mora you lent to me!

Asikko: Mr. Gaudenty, if I didn't want to help you, why would I have "overlooked" your disastrous business reputation to secure a subcontract from the Design Bureau for you?

Asikko: *sigh*... This was an excellent opportunity for you, but your sheer incompetence forced you to re-outsource the job... to the workshop's owner.

Asikko: To make matters worse, you've ignored your employer's demands and allowed decommissioned recon bots to flood the black market... I'm afraid I must re-evaluate your ability to pay off your debts.

Ineffa: The information I have indicates that you are deliberately excising your influence on this series of events.

Asikko: Oh? How so?

Ineffa: To my understanding, you previously posted a notice, naming a high price for which you would purchase any of Aino's creations. Excessive amounts of Mora can have a strong influence on certain individuals.

Ineffa: My hypothesis is that, be it this bounty hunter or the receptionist, their behavior can be regarded as having been "influenced" by said notice.

Asikko: I'm afraid I can't stand for such criticism, Miss Robot. From the beginning, I've only done two things.

Asikko: Firstly, I expressed admiration for the technology Aino has developed. Secondly, I used my own funds to endorse the commercial viability of said technology.

Asikko: If greed causes someone to fall out of line, then that is their responsibility to bear.

Ineffa: Indeed. I cannot find any evidence to prove that you directly influenced their actions, and I cannot refute your claim logically. However... there are things in this world more important than logic.

Ineffa: In any case, I request that you remove that notice. Aino treasures each and every one of her robot companions. We do not desire that a price be put on any of them.

Asikko: Ah, that... According to my informant's intel, those constructs are, at their core, rather... childish. Hardly something a grown man like myself should find intriguing.

Asikko: Nevertheless, I still hope to be compensated for my initial investment — just through alternative means. To that end, I've prepared a contingency plan...

Asikko: Now, I did not expect others besides the workshop owner to be capable of designing similar constructs, such as this Fontainian engineer. I admire your talents. May I interest you in a potential collaboration?

Ginette: Who, me?

Asikko: Indeed. If my intel is correct, then your work has the potential, albeit through sheer luck, to be perfected as a product, yes?

Paimon: Is he talking about the combat abilities that the robots picked up?

Ginette: Umm... I'm sorry, but I'm afraid my work is just as you described Aino's. It's quite "childish," so I doubt you'd be interested...

Asikko: Huh?

Ginette: I wasn't thinking about making them into different kuuvahki weapon types while designing them.

Ginette: What I wanted to invent was a robot that could use the interactive powers of kuuvahki to gain a certain level of intelligence.

Ginette: But during my testing, I came to learn that the kuuvahki in the system I designed was not so much "logic" as a type of "emotion."

Ginette: And that's why the robots were more prone to malfunctioning when tests got more stressful.

Ginette: But if you give the robots enough friends and let them have fun, the systems run smooth as butter.

Ginette: #The combat abilities they awakened were essentially meant to protect their favorite playmate, Traveler.

Ginette: They sound like a group of kids, don't you think? They can't become the weapons you want them to be, because children won't listen to orders.

Asikko: Hmm... But there is a possibility, no? Perhaps all they need is to be whipped into shape.

Ginette: You...

Traveler: I dare you to try.

Sarin: Both Miss Aino and Miss Ginette's research has been invaluable to the Adventurers' Guild here in Nod-Krai. I'd strongly advise against stirring up... unnecessary disputes.

Sarin: Or else, the Guild will have to step in. Are we clear?

Asikko: The Adventurers' Guild... So, you've had an eye on this place then? Fine. Business is business. I'm not in the mood to make trouble I didn't ask for.

Asikko: And, as per Miss Robot's request, I shan't make any further commercial demands for Aino's work.

Asikko: In exchange, I'll take this bounty hunter with me. He'll make up for my losses.

Ineffa: ...Of course. Please take him away.

Paimon: Is this really okay, Ineffa? We can't guarantee he wasn't trying to cover for this guy...

Ineffa: There are many unwritten rules in Nod-Krai's shadows. I do not agree with them. I just don't want them to affect Aino's life.

Ineffa: Some things are best settled outside the workshop.

Paimon: Hmm... If you say so.