# Missing title (0)

Lauma: Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Wecksell. Here is your fee for the repairs. Please, take it.
Wecksell: Oh my! When did you arrive, Miss Lauma? I didn't see you...
Lauma: I heard the finches mention you while you were repairing Reetta's bookshelf.
Lauma: They said that you had to search for wood for a long time, and that they eventually had to guide you to a fallen tree.
Wecksell: Finches? Oh! I see. So that's why they were circling me. And there I thought they were looking for my help!
Lauma: Ah, and they also said, "Thank you for the apple. It was delicious."
Wecksell: Hehe, oh, that's quite alright. If anything, I should be thanking them for taking me to find the wood.
Wecksell: If I hadn't found suitable wood back there, I'd have had to go back into town to buy some. At that point, who knows when Reetta's bookshelf was going to get fixed...
Wecksell: ...Hmm? Miss Lauma, isn't this a bit too much Mora?
Lauma: The extra is for the materials you purchased on your own.
Wecksell: Oh, don't worry, that was just some scrap. I didn't purchase such major components that I need extra pay.
Lauma: I must demur. You deserve this, so please, do take it.
Lauma: If you refuse, then I believe I shall have to ask my friends to stuff the Mora bag beneath your pillow.
Wecksell: In that case, thank you. Oh, and — I believe you needed a new bookshelf in your library, yes? Just give me a few days, and you'll have it.
Lauma: Thank you. That said, please don't overexert yourself. The library is meant to give everyone a place where they can relax.
Lauma: If those constructing said shelf were to be stretched beyond their limits, then the construction itself would be self-defeating.
Wecksell: Not to worry, I know my limits.
Lauma: On another note, Zirnytsia mentioned the offer she made to you. Should you wish to join us, rest assured that you need not worry about matters of faith.
Lauma: All of us are witness to the help you have rendered. We have long seen you as family.
Wecksell: Alright, Miss Lauma. I'll... give it some further thought.
Wecksell: Thank you.