# Missing title (0)

Lauma: Hello there, Mr. Mirsky.

Mirsky: Oh, Miss Lauma, you're here. What do you think of my previous suggestion?

Mirsky: I just need some simple materials, and I'll be able to give this place a facelift.

Mirsky: Automatic water pump, support rods to reinforce houses, and sewing machines... You name them, I can make them.

Mirsky: Any scrap left over, I can make into small jumping frogs for the kids. They love toys like that.

Lauma: Well, if you're willing to help, that would be great. We will pay you the relevant fees, of course.

Mirsky: Pay? Ah, right. Thank you for your generosity. But what I'm more concerned with is... Would you be willing to let me into the library to peruse the books?

Mirsky: I believe the information on kuuvahki that I wish to find can be found in there.

Lauma: You are our guest. Naturally, the library gates are always open to you.

Mirsky: Oh, uh, I mean, can I borrow it and read it somewhere else, or maybe make a copy...

Lauma: I'm afraid not. Those books can only be read within library premises.

Mirsky: Alright, that's more than enough. I'll head there once I'm done packing.

Lauma: You're always welcome... Oh, and one more thing. Should you see an acolyte busy copying doctrinal text in the library, please refrain from disturbing her.

Lauma: She made a mistake, and has just finished her meditation. She now has to copy doctrinal texts until she can realign her thoughts.

Mirsky: Copying those texts? Heh. You're a kind soul, Miss Lauma. If I'd made a mistake under my old boss's watch, I'd have wound up owing him more Mora than I could make in this life or the next.

Lauma: Well, I would say that it is a severe enough punishment for Vernadska.

Mirsky: Perhaps, but for me, copying text is...

Mirsky: W—Wait. What? Who did you say was being punished again?

Lauma: Vernadska. Are you two acquainted?

Mirsky: Err... No! I—It's just... This name feels familiar somehow...

Mirsky: If you'll allow me, might I ask when Miss Vernadska will be busy with her copying? It is official business, after all, and I'd rather not disturb her in any way.

Lauma: Every day. But there's no need to walk on eggshells. She will be doing her work at a separate location. So long as you exercise a little more care, you won't disturb her.

Mirsky: Alright, I see. Uh... I'll pack up and head to the library right away, if you don't mind.