# We'll Dance Together Again!

Unknown Role (None): Well done, everyone! I must say, this exchange has been absolute perfection so far!

Unknown Role (None): Quite a few of our friends from Sumeru have learned our styles of dance... I can already see our dances spreading across Teyvat!

Unknown Role (None): I hope we can take turns to visit each other and make this dance exchange a regular tradition in the future!

Unknown Role (None): So, will the saurians of Natlan be able to do blade-dances like The Eremites do?

Unknown Role (None): There's also that legendary "war-dance"...

Unknown Role (None): The kind that can scare red vultures off...

Unknown Role (None): Huh? Are you talking about the intimidating actions that Uncle Scimitar and the others used to scare off the Consecrated Red Vultures the first time Nusta met him?

Unknown Role (None): Did he not tell you where those movements are from?

Unknown Role (None): Yeah, he did. What did he call that dance...? "The Duet of Flame-Mane and Heron's Guard"? I like that name — conveys both grace and power!

Unknown Role (None): Ooh, those two names sounds familiar!

Unknown Role (None): Reminds me of two of my friends...

Unknown Role (None): I think I can guess at what's going on...

Unknown Role (None): #Traveler and Paimon — yes, I suppose this won't come as a complete surprise to you.

Unknown Role (None): The place where you encountered the Consecrated Red Vultures is close to a road frequented by the Blazing Beasts' sumpter beast caravan.

Unknown Role (None): Some time ago, a caravan that was carrying Dehya and Candace back to Aaru Village encountered that very same flock of red vultures.

Unknown Role (None): The two of them, feeling like they hadn't quite gotten their fill of exercise on that outing, decided to go all out on those vultures.

Unknown Role (None): Since then, whenever a member of the Blazing Beasts mimics their actions, those vultures simply take off.

Unknown Role (None): Ah. It's just as Paimon thought...

Unknown Role (None): Guess the vultures were just unlucky that day, huh? To have run into *both* Dehya and Candace...?

Unknown Role (None): They were asking for it.

Unknown Role (None): Dehya and Candace did good!

Unknown Role (None): I'll say! Gah, can't believe I missed the chance to learn from these two aces...

Unknown Role (None): You must introduce me to the two of them the next time we go to Sumeru!

Unknown Role (None): I'd love to pick their brains on boxing techniques, especially how to catch the rhythm on those crazy fast, powerful punches that get their energy all the way from the feet, through the legs and torso, before exploding out of the arms and into the fist!

Unknown Role (None): Ha! I'm sure that the lot of you will end up drinking the night away, too...

Unknown Role (None): I'll have to prepare something to sober you all up.