# Stronghold Guard: Hoard Guard Unit!

In Nod-Krai, you encounter a messenger named Blue Bolt, who seems to be testing a certain mechanical defense unit...

Blue Bolt: #Oh hey there, Traveler! Hello, Paimon!
Blue Bolt: Since we ran into each other, wanna see my weasel, Sproutie? I've got it with me, and it's super adorable!
Sproutie: ...Meow?
Blue Bolt: Hey, hey, hey, that's not how you're supposed to sound, Sproutie! I don't think the two of them here understand Ashru's tongue anyway.
Sproutie: ...Coo?
Blue Bolt: No, speaking like finches won't work here either. Miss Basima has already returned to Sumeru to recuperate.
Blue Bolt: I'm sorry, Sproutie is clearly a little confused after hanging out so much with the other animals. It can't quite find its own wavelength, heh heh...
Blue Bolt: I should let it rest for a while.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Are you an animal expert too?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Are you a friend of animals too?
Paimon: Hmm... Why does Paimon get the sense that you're talking to us like we're already old friends? Did you run a background check on us or something?
Blue Bolt: Relax, relax... We're on the same team...
Blue Bolt: I work for Miss Yelan, and you're her absolute, top-tier, number-one guests. I don't even need to tell you how close that makes us, right?
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Yeah, that does make you one of us.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Any friend of Yelan's is a friend of ours too.
Paimon: Gosh, you should've said so sooner! Paimon was getting a little nervous for a second there...
Paimon: Anyway, what are you doing here in the middle of nowhere with Sproutie?
Blue Bolt: We're standing guard here... Or rather, I'm checking to see if my "Hoard Guard Unit" can actually work properly.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: "Hoard Guard"?
    Option 2:
        Traveler: "Guard Unit"?
Blue Bolt: Since we're on the same side, I guess there's no harm in telling you...
Blue Bolt: I have a supply point hidden underground, not far from here. However, the gate's been getting busted open by monsters left and right lately.
Blue Bolt: So, at great personal expense, I had the Whiz-Kid Mechanic over at Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop build me my very own guard unit.
Blue Bolt: Ahem, more accurately speaking, it's really more like a security system. One that's capable of identifying deployment locations, with multiple functions that can be combined in various ways.
Blue Bolt: Talk about good timing! The Whiz-Kid is showcasing her work at a convention soon. She sold me this set as an early test run.
Blue Bolt: So, I set up a layered defense for the supply point. It's an open invitation for our honored guests — I mean, monsters — to walk straight into my trap.
Blue Bolt: Now, not only can we test out different ways to protect the supply point, but we'll also gather plenty of data for the Whiz-Kid. Talk about killing two birds with one stone!
    Option 1:
        Traveler: You've managed to snag yourself one of Aino's creations, I see.
    Option 2:
        Traveler: That does sound rather interesting.
Blue Bolt: Wanna give it a whirl? I've already used them to fend off quite a number of monsters. It's quite the stress reliever, actually.
Blue Bolt: Come on, give it a try. You can let off some steam, and I might be able to learn something from your approach at the same time!
Blue Bolt: Of course, you'll be handsomely remunerated. Since we're all on the same team, it's only fair that I pay you twice the standard consultant rate.
    Option 1:
        Traveler: Too right! We're on the same team, so you can't be stingy!
    Option 2:
        Traveler: Heh, you're too kind...
Paimon: Hmm... Yeah! Helping you is helping Yelan anyway, so everybody wins!
Paimon: Alright then! We'll show you what experience looks like in practice!