# "Owl Musician"

Unknown Role (None): #Welcome to Constellation Metropole, Traveler, Ms. Paimon.

Unknown Role (None): My colleagues have apprised me of your names and deeds, and have confirmed that you are valiant indeed.

Unknown Role (None): Were I not in charge of training the guards, I should have liked to spar with you.

Unknown Role (None): So you're a guard yourself, then?

Unknown Role (None): In sooth, I am. On the orders of our liege, we are to defend Constellation Metropole and keep the peace.

Unknown Role (None): My work, specifically, is to train the guards, that their skills may prove worthy of their duty.

Unknown Role (None): So the door behind leads to the training grounds?

Unknown Role (None): Keen-eyed indeed! It leads to a Domain that we just finished remodeling.

Unknown Role (None): Within those grounds, the trainee must swing their blade to a specific rhythm, and the arena's lighting will constantly change throughout the battle.

Unknown Role (None): Sounds like some pretty rigorous training...

Unknown Role (None): Sounds complicated, more like... Do you have to follow that specific rhythm while fighting as well?

Unknown Role (None): This part of the regimen is actually derived from a story titled "The Owl Musician."

Unknown Role (None): It was popular amongst the guards some time back. Many enjoyed it to the point where they'd forget to take part in training, and their daily patrols were delayed.

Unknown Role (None): But I had a thought. Since everyone liked it so much, adding elements of the story into our training would make it more enjoyable.

Unknown Role (None): It has had a visible effect on training... if nothing else, there have been no further delays in our patrols due to personal reasons.

Unknown Role (None): Hehe... Would the two of you be interested in said training?

Unknown Role (None): The challenges within should be a piece of cake for those with valor such as yours.

Unknown Role (None): I'd love to give it a try!

Unknown Role (None): Such commendable courage! Excellent. Please, then, step into the Domain.

Unknown Role (None): I've got other things going on right now...

Unknown Role (None): Understandable. Come back whenever you have the time — I will be standing guard here.