# Hangout: Lynette - Detectives

## Conversation 1

Euphrasie: #Every stupendous day starts with The Steambird! Oh, hi Lynette! Hi Traveler! What can I help you with?

Option 1:

> Traveler: We wanted to ask about the latest "Tales of Humanity" column...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Any commissions in there about a missing cat?

Euphrasie: Hmm, I don't think so... Have you picked up a stray?
Lynette: Yep. If there's no commission to follow up on, could we post a notice about the missing cat instead?
Euphrasie: Why, of course! What a kind thing to do! Just fill out the form.
Bonnie: Meow!
Lynette: Well, we've registered you as missing... You can stay at my place until your owner finds you.
Bonnie: Meeoow!
Lynette: Also I just wanted to say... Thanks... for keeping us company for so long.
Lynette: Well, I should probably head back to the drinks reception. Hopefully most of the people have left by now.
Lynette: If you've got some time, you should stop by my place tomorrow to see Bonnie. There's a nice cup of tea in it for you.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Looking forward to it.

Option 2:

> Traveler: I'll be there!

Lynette: Alright. See you then.

## Conversation 2

Bernard: ...I believe this cat belongs to me...
Elodie: ...I already told you — this isn't your cat!
Lynette: ...Just take a breather, you two...
Bonnie: Meow...
Traveler: What's going on?
Lynette: Oh, you're here... As you can probably see... You'll have to take a raincheck on that tea I promised you — at least for now.
Elodie: ...This is my friend's cat! He's preoccupied with some important business, so I came to retrieve her in his stead.
Traveler: (The way she speaks is loud and authoritative... It's like she's deliberately using her tone of voice to dispel any doubts about her integrity.)
Bernard: ...No, no. It's far more likely this cat, uh... escaped from the Humane Society.
Traveler: (The hesitation in his voice... It seems like he could be hiding something. His gaze keeps drifting off to the side. It's like he's trying to not draw attention to himself.)
Traveler: How about... we let Bonnie decide?
Bernard: Bonnie...?
Lynette: Ah, that's the name I've given her in the meantime.
Bonnie: Meow!
Traveler: [Animal Handling] (Let's see who Bonnie decides to approach...)

[Conditional branch]

Branch 1
Bonnie: Meow!
Black Screen Text: Bonnie happily runs up to you and begins to weave through your legs...

Traveler: It seems she quite likes me.

Traveler: This is no way to tell who her owner is...

Lynette: Well, this complicates things...
[Missing Dialog 191851402]

Elodie: *sigh*... I told you before. This is my friend's cat. It's normal for her not to trust me.
Bernard: Listen... I'm the director of the Humane Society, okay? We've got so many strays... dogs, cats — you name it. I'm not even the one feeding them most of the time... You can hardly expect the cat to recognize me...
Traveler: ...Then how are you so sure she belongs to you?
Bernard: She just... looked somewhat familiar, so I came to check just in case.
Bernard: If she turns out to be one of ours, I'll take her back, simple as that. Even if that's not the case, the Humane Society could still take her in — if no one else comes to claim her, that is.
Traveler: What's the Humane Society?
Bernard: Ah, we're an organization that specializes in rescuing and sheltering stray animals. We've been in business for several decades now! I'm Bernard, the current director.
Lynette: The Humane Society... Huh, the name sounds familiar. I remember hearing good things. You're the one in the Quartier Lyonnais?
Bernard: Yes, yes! That's the one! Anyway, um, if it's not too much trouble, could I possibly take a closer look at the cat?
Bernard: If it turns out I really am mistaken, I suppose that means the cat belongs to this lady here — she would be the only remaining option, after all.
Elodie: ...It belongs to my friend!
Traveler: (With us here to keep watch... it should be fine...)
Lynette: Go on, Bonnie.
Bonnie: Meow...
Bernard: Hmmm...
Bernard: ...Ah, nope. Looks like I was mistaken. They do look similar, but there's an ever so slight difference in this one's fur color. Deepest apologies, friends.
Bernard: ...Well, I suppose this means I still have a missing cat to search for! Apologies again for the confusion!
Elodie: Hmph...
Traveler: So... is this your friend's cat?
Elodie: Hmm? Oh, uh... yes, exactly.
Lynette: Wait a second — you lied earlier, didn't you?
Elodie: ...Lied? I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.
Lynette: A liar always has a tell — the look in their eyes, their breathing pattern, the way they hold themselves... The things that can give you away are often more numerous than you would think...
Elodie: ...What are you talking about? The way I see it, you're conflating baseless conjecture with fact.
Lynette: Normally, when someone is called out, their breathing speeds up as they begin to panic... But your breathing pattern hasn't changed one bit — in fact, it's been strangely calm and measured this entire time... It stands to reason, then, that your agitated behavior earlier was all an act.
Lynette: If you're a bad guy, I'm sure you'll take off running the first chance you get. If you're a good guy... The most likely explanation is that you're a member of the Gardes or some similar organization.
Elodie: And you're basing this off of...
Lynette: ...Intuition, nothing more.
Elodie: Hah... Intuition? Well, I have to hand it to you, Lynette...
Elodie: You're right. I'm a member of the Gardes — the name's Elodie. I'm currently investigating a cross-border smuggling case. This cat here... "Bonnie" was her name? Well, her owner is one of the prime suspects of our investigation.
Traveler: ...!
Elodie: A couple of days ago, our suspect got wind that we were on his tail and fled. That's most likely how he got separated from the cat.
Elodie: I just so happened to stumble upon your notice in The Steambird, so I decided to see if he'd come back for her... But, it looks like I overestimated him.

Option 1:

> Traveler: If I were on the run...

Option 2:

> Traveler: I don't think I'd come back either...

Elodie: The impact of this case has been huge. The Marechaussee Phantom, the Gardes, and the Special Patrol have all launched investigations. If there was even the slightest chance that he would show himself, I had to follow up on the lead.
Traveler: So, what's being smuggled?
Elodie: ...A new kind of illegal drug: Imitation Sinthe.
Elodie: We confiscated all the Sinthe on the market, but addiction isn't something that goes away overnight. Even without substances on the market, people are still looking for a way to get their next fix.
Elodie: And criminals... are all too eager to capitalize on that addiction. That was the impetus for Imitation Sinthe. Needless to say, a small-scale market opened up very quickly...
Elodie: After the original Sinthe debacle, we put several measures into place to prevent similar incidents from occurring. The perpetrators got smart, though, and shifted their sales overseas before those measures could kick in. That's when the Imitation Sinthe smuggling began.
Elodie: We only recently got word of the presence of Imitation Sinthe overseas. We managed to track down evidence of some early transactions. What we were able to find out, however, hasn't proven that useful given the amount of time that has passed.
Elodie: The Marechaussee Phantom launched an investigation to track down every person in Fontaine capable of producing a drug like that. That's how we learned about Bonnie's owner...
Traveler: Who is he exactly?
Elodie: He's a researcher at the Fontaine Research Institute. His name is Pierre... Pierre Lefevere, to be exact.
Lynette: Lefevere!
Traveler: (A slight look of dread just crossed Lynette's face... Strange, she usually schools her expressions with mechanical precision...)
Elodie: ...The Marechaussee Phantom found him in Poisson. In addition to the cat, he also had a pendant with him.
Elodie: At first, there wasn't much cause for suspicion. A search of his house didn't reveal much to go off of either. The Marechaussee Phantom very nearly left it at that.
Elodie: It was only later that we realized the coat of arms on his pendant... belonged to none other than the Lefevere family, one of the most infamous aristocratic families in Fontaine.
Elodie: ...Obviously, this discovery prompted a further investigation into Pierre. At that point, however, we discovered that he had already fled. Now, the Gardes and the Special Patrol are all searching for him.
Traveler: Could his family be hiding him?
Lynette: That's not possible, actually. The Lefevere family... has been gone for a long time.
Elodie: Exactly... Many years ago, several important members of the family, including the patriarch, were murdered by an assassin of unknown origin. From that point on, the family's power and influence took quite the hit.
Elodie: The family has engaged in all manner of crimes. As you can imagine, there's no shortage of people waiting in the wings to take their revenge. And with the family severely weakened, they were able to do just that. Most of the remaining family members succumbed to sickness or hunger. The ones that survived are currently living out their days under a new identity.
Elodie: Pierre is one of those very survivors. He's been hiding away in the Fontaine Research Institute all these years, his true identity unbeknownst to all... until now, that is.
Traveler: Is it really okay to share all this information with us?
Elodie: ...Well, my fellow Gardes have told me all about how smart and courageous you both are, and I know you possess a strong sense of justice.
Elodie: There could be a chance that Pierre, or one of his accomplices, might attempt to get close to Bonnie. Now that you've been briefed on the situation, I was hoping you'd help us keep a lookout.
Bonnie: Meow...?
Elodie: If I take Bonnie back to the Gardes with me, there's no way Pierre will try and come for her — not even the most daring of criminals would attempt something like that.
Traveler: (So we should keep Bonnie with us for the time being?)
Elodie: I have to admit — I'm not holding out too much hope that Pierre will come back for her... But if there's even the slightest chance, then it's worth a shot.
Elodie: Well, I've got some other leads to follow up on. If Pierre does appear, please contact me right away.


Branch 2
Bonnie: Meow...
Black Screen Text: Bonnie instantly runs to hide behind Lynette, poking her head out ever so slightly to assess the situation...

Traveler: I didn't think she'd be so attached to you.

Traveler: This is no way to tell who her owner is...

Lynette: Well, this complicates things...
[Missing Dialog 191851402]


## Conversation 3

Lynette: ...

Option 1:

> Traveler: What's wrong?

Option 2:

> Traveler: You don't look so good...

Lynette: ...It's nothing. I'm fine.
Lynette: It's just... The head of the Lefevere family — he was the "eminent person" who kidnapped me all those years ago.
Lynette: ...It was at a dinner party. Someone tricked me into boarding the Lefevere family carriage. Whoever it was, they took me back to their home.
Lynette: ...But, before anything worse could happen, "Father" intervened.

Option 1:

> Traveler: So that's what happened...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Then the assassin Elodie mentioned...

Lynette: Yep. Father was the one who orchestrated the fall of the Lefevere family. That's what led Lyney and I to join the House of the Hearth.
Lynette: After all these years... I never thought I'd hear the Lefevere name again.
Traveler: ...Are you okay?
Bonnie: ...Meow?
Lynette: Don't worry about me. I wasn't feeling sorry for myself... I was just thinking about Lyney.
Lynette: He's been acting strange recently... He avoids me for days on end, consumes himself with some secret investigation, and then out of the blue pushes me to do that acting job...
Lynette: Thinking about it now... It's almost like the "1" I drew from that deck of cards was part of his plan all along. He must have asked Freminet to help him out. In any case, I know he's hiding something from me. He's really pulled out all the stops this time.
Traveler: You think he knows about Pierre?
Lynette: It's very possible. I'm sure he tried to send me away because he was afraid it would bring up some painful memories for me... It wasn't necessary, though.
Lynette: ...Even after all these years, he's still as overprotective as ever.
Lynette: You'll have to help me teach him a lesson if we run into him along the way.
Traveler: Along the way? Are we going somewhere?
Lynette: Yep. I want to head to the Fontaine Research Institute to learn more information about Pierre. Just let me activate search mode, and then we'll head out... Who knows — maybe we'll run into Lyney along the way.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Are you trying to help out Lyney with his investigation?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Or are you trying to prove yourself?

Lynette: A little bit of both, perhaps. For the most part, though, I just have this sense that something's not right. Something isn't adding up about Pierre's story... I'm just not sure what...

Option 1:

> Traveler: I also want to know what secrets he's hiding...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Sometimes, you've just got to take the bull by the horns, right?

Bonnie: Meow!
Lynette: Okay, I'll write a letter explaining everything to the crew. Once that's done, we can head out.

## Conversation 4

Lyney: Lynette...! Y—You're, uh, not at rehearsal?
Lynette: ...You can drop the act, Brother. In fact, I don't think either of us will have a need for acting any time soon. You should know better than to try and keep something from me — you've never been able do to that, even when we were kids.
Lyney: *sigh*... And that's why I tried to distract you with the masked mime show... But I guess you're just too good.
Lynette: Care to introduce us to your "new assistant"?

[Conditional branch]

Branch 1
Lyney: Ahem... This is Officer Chevreuse, captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol. You may have met her already...
Traveler: Hello.
Chevreuse: It's an honor to meet you. I have to admit — I'm quite familiar with you both already.

Chevreuse: ...I should clarify something — Mr. Lyney's here at my invitation, not the other way around. To borrow your expression, Miss Lynette, I suppose that would make him "my" assistant more than anything.
Chevreuse: We've brought on Mr. Lyney as a consultant in the past. He was instrumental in helping us crack a case involving a perpetrator who used magic tricks to commit crimes. I was hoping he'd be able to provide some valuable insight this time around as well.
Traveler: Are you here because of the Lefevere case?
Lyney: Ah, so you've... heard everything then?
Chevreuse: That's exactly why we're here. There's always been questions surrounding the fall of the Lefevere family. Some people even believe the House of the Hearth was involved.
Chevreuse: Whoever was behind it all was extremely cautious. They didn't leave a shred of evidence... This very fact, however, leads me to believe it was indeed the work of that Harbinger.
Chevreuse: I took a look at the entrance and exit records of all the carriages that night. Let's just say, it wasn't hard to deduce that there's ill-will between you two.
Chevreuse: Don't worry. I don't have any evidence to that effect, and I certainly don't plan on going to bat for such a despicable family. Plus, you were victims back then more than anything.
Chevreuse: I sought Mr. Lyney's help with the smuggling case, nothing more.
Traveler: ...You're really teaming up with the House of the Hearth?
Chevreuse: The way I look at it — it's a collaboration between us as people, not the organizations we represent. Besides, by working together, we can expose the truth as quickly as possible — you can hardly say that's at odds with the justice my organization strives for.
Traveler: I'm assuming you wouldn't be opposed to some extra help?
Chevreuse: Not at all. I was planning to invite you from the very beginning, Miss Lynette... It's just that my "assistant" here raised some objections.
Lyney: ...
Lynette: ...Lyney, I'm not the same person I was back then.
Lynette: That little girl who did nothing but cower in the corner in fear — she doesn't need saving anymore.

Option 1:

> Traveler: I know you want to protect your little sister...

Option 2:

> Traveler: But little sisters don't stay little forever.

Lyney: ...*sigh*
Lyney: I'm sorry, Lynette. You're right. I let my concerns get the better of me.
Lynette: Oh, and the next time you want to distract me... you should try a different approach.
Bonnie: Meow!
Lyney: Who's this? You pick up a stray while I was gone?
Lynette: Uh... It's a bit complicated. I'll explain later. Anyway, her name's Bonnie.
Chevreuse: #Well, if there are no objections, then I suppose the only thing left to say is... Lynette, Traveler — welcome to the team.
Black Screen Text: Chevreuse and Lyney share with you what they've learned over the past few days...
Lyney: ...It appears the Lefevere family was very particular in their use of insignias and emblems.
Lyney: The family would use different emblems to mark differences in status, blood relation, and the like. In fact, the insignia that was discovered on the pendant was used to represent an illegitimate child.
Traveler: So that would mean... Pierre is a bastard child?
Chevreuse: It's highly likely. That very status might have been what allowed him to emerge from the fall of his family relatively unscathed. It would also explain why he was able to assume a new identity as a researcher with relative ease.
Lyney: We discovered something interesting, though. After talking to some of his coworkers, it appears he pretty much works at the Institute in name only. He's practically been cast out.
Traveler: Wait, what happened?
Chevreuse: Apparently, Pierre was once addicted to Sinthe. He tried to use the resources at the Institute to create a substance with a similar effect.
Chevreuse: He claimed it was just for research purposes, but the Institute revoked his access to the relevant materials regardless. He was placed on disciplinary leave pending a thorough investigation of his actions.
Chevreuse: But, it seems the Institute ran into some trouble along the way. Could have been a lack of personnel or a timing issue. In any case, they had to table their formal investigation into Pierre. Unfortunately, that also included reporting any relevant information to the higher authorities.
Chevreuse: As for his family background, it appears none of his coworkers at the Institute were aware of that information. All they could tell us was that he was quite the recluse.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Hmm, maybe we'll have to take our investigation elsewhere then...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Did you find anything useful at his residence?

Chevreuse: Other than the pendant, we didn't find anything else of note at his residence in Poisson.
Chevreuse: Based on the samples of Imitation Sinthe we've been able to analyze, it appears the substance leaves behind strong traces wherever it's produced or stored.
Chevreuse: Those traces might not be obvious to the casual observer, but they're not something our Guard Poodles would miss. Pierre's home, though... came up completely clean.
Chevreuse: We didn't find any records indicating possible involvement in overseas transactions, either. So, the Marechaussee Phantom didn't view him as a major suspect at first.
Lynette: Hmm... Maybe he had a separate, dedicated area where he made the Imitation Sinthe?
Lyney: Well, his neighbors did say he was often gone for long stretches of time. You would think, with him out and about so much, people would have spotted him around Poisson, but residents said they barely ever saw him in town.
Lyney: If his reclusive nature was just a matter of keeping a low profile, I guess it would make sense for him to have a secret base to carry out his business.
Chevreuse: ...After he disappeared, the Gardes conducted a thorough search of Poisson, but they didn't come across any suspicious locations.
Lynette: Poisson...
Traveler: ...What is it, Lynette?
Lynette: ...You know Hotel Debord, where I first found Bonnie? To get there from Poisson, you have to cross a stretch of ocean... It's not somewhere a cat could just wander off on its own.
Chevreuse: A cat? You mean...
Bonnie: Meow!
Lynette: Bonnie is Pierre's cat.
Chevreuse: Oh, that's right! When the Marechaussee Phantom first tracked him down, I remember there being something about a cat in their report... So this is her?
Lyney: From what we've learned about Pierre's habits, he doesn't seem like the type to venture out without a purpose... So what you're saying, Lynette, is that Bonnie couldn't have gone missing in Poisson. If that's true, then...
Traveler: She must have wandered off only after Pierre brought her to his secret base.
Lynette: Exactly. Bonnie might even know where it is.
Chevreuse: Wait... you think the cat can lead us there? But, she's not trained like one of our Guard Poodles. How is she supposed to understand what we want her to do?

[Conditional branch]

Branch 1
Lynette: Meow... Meow meow. Meow...?

Bonnie: Meow!
Black Screen Text: Bonnie seems to understand what you want her to do... She flicks her tail and meows loudly in the direction of the cliffs and the coast.
Lynette: Hmm, near the coast... the beach... and beneath the cliffs... The place we're looking for is most likely north of the Court of Fontaine...
Chevreuse: ...Well, I've certainly never taken a witness statement like this before.
Lyney: Haha... Well, if it works out, maybe it's something worth getting used to.
Lynette: Cats and humans are actually pretty alike — when it comes to communication, most of what we want to convey can be accomplished through body language alone. But humans tend to rely too much on speech to ever take advantage of that fact...
Lynette: ...Of course, body language has its limitations. You're not gonna be able to get across anything too complicated...
Lyney: The important thing is that we now have a lead. Let's try and find the place that matches the clues Bonnie gave us.


Branch 2
[Conditional branch]

Branch 1
Bonnie: Meow!
Black Screen Text: Startled, Bonnie rushes to hide behind Lynette... She stays there for quite some time before reluctantly emerging from her hiding place...
Lynette: ...Ah, guess she's a little skittish around strangers.
Traveler: I'll leave it to you, then...
Lynette: Meow... Meow meow. Meow...?




Branch 2
Lyney: Ahem... This is Officer Chevreuse, captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol. You may have met her already...
Traveler: We meet again.
Chevreuse: Nice to see you.


## Conversation 5

Bonnie: Meow!
Lynette: Seems like Bonnie is trying to take us somewhere...

## Conversation 6

Chevreuse: Wow, Lynette. You found this place so easily. If I thought there was any chance you'd say yes, I'd recruit you into the Special Patrol here and now — no questions asked.
Lyney: Haha, sounds familiar. I pretty much receive letters daily from people trying to poach her from me.
Lynette: ...Let's just focus on our search. There's a lot to investigate.

## Conversation 7

Chevreuse: ...Based on the various ingredients we've found, this appears to be where Pierre was cooking up his Imitation Sinthe.
Chevreuse: It looks like he used a special cleaning agent to get rid of any residual traces of the substance on his person before he left. That's how he was able to get past the Guard Poodles.
Traveler: That's why the Marechaussee Phantom didn't find anything suspicious in his home...
Lyney: ...So then he transferred the Imitation Sinthe into small, sealed bags and took it somewhere else for the dropoff?
Chevreuse: No. I don't believe our suspect is the kind of person who'd go around carrying incriminating evidence with him. That would potentially create too many eyewitnesses.
Chevreuse: The cleaning agent and the sealed bags might get past the Guard Poodles, but if a member of the public or even a Garde on patrol happened to see him during the dropoff, a quick search would reveal everything. That's still a very risky operation.
Traveler: What about if the dropoff happened at sea? There'd be no one around to see him.
Lynette: ...The barrels we found were wet around the base, but the top half was dry... As if they'd been standing upright in the water.
Lynette: Hmm... If you put a barrel in the water, it will normally float on its side. Unless it's heavily loaded, in which case it'll sink.

Option 1:

> Traveler: So he must have used something...

Option 2:

> Traveler: ...To tightly seal big bags full of air...

Traveler: ...Turning them into airtight flotation devices.
Lyney: Yes... With flotation rings around the body of the barrels, they'd stay upright in the water. And then, he could afford to load them more fully.
Chevreuse: You think he used floating barrels? Hmm, I suppose if he acted at night, when there are very few other boats around, and visibility is low... It's a valid theory. We can't rule it out.
Lyney: But then, wouldn't the barrels be carried off by the waves, or the currents? How would the person doing the pickup know where to look?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Barrels that could float away and get lost at sea...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Sounds difficult to keep in one place. Kind of like certain pets...

Bonnie: Meow...
Lynette: #...Traveler, can you come take a dip in the sea with me? I have a feeling that somewhere down there... we might find some rope. If a rope can be used to keep a pet from running away... then why not a barrel?

## Conversation 8

Lynette: ...As expected, we found a few pieces of rope and some anchoring stones underwater. If you attach them to a floating barrel... It would look like this.
Lynette: With this anchoring system, it would be possible to use floating barrels for the drop-off. You would just need to drop them in the water at the agreed-upon location.
Lynette: We also came across the wreckage of a small boat... It must have been left out on the water and capsized due to the force of the wind and waves. Its small size, however, would have made it perfect for staying undetected.
Chevreuse: Let's talk this through — based on the evidence we've collected, it seems like Pierre would row a small boat out to the agreed-upon transfer point, drop off the barrels, leave, and then row back and retrieve them after the transfer was complete...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Why use such a convoluted drop-off method, though?

Option 2:

> Traveler: Wouldn't it be easier for both parties to meet up at the transfer point on their respective vessels and exchange the goods right then and there?

Lyney: It could be that he was trying to avoid meeting up with his associate face-to-face. As one of the sole survivors of the Lefevere family, maybe he was just used to that sort of elusive lifestyle.
Lynette: ...It seems like Pierre deliberately chose the floating barrel method so that the goods could be dropped off and picked up at separate times. That way, the two parties wouldn't have to meet each other.
Lyney: Well, if that's the case... They must not have a very close working relationship.
Chevreuse: Let's not jump to any conclusions just yet. Assumptions can be detrimental to solving a case. It's possible they were just trying to keep a low profile — two boats sailing to the same location at once could be too conspicuous.
Chevreuse: The most important thing is that we can now confirm Pierre wasn't acting alone. The floating barrel drop-off system is proof enough of that.
Chevreuse: Let's say for now that he was only in charge of producing the Imitation Sinthe. That would mean there has to be at least one other person involved in the operation — likely in charge of transporting the goods across the border.
Traveler: That explains why we couldn't find evidence linking him to any overseas operations.
Lyney: Since we've determined that the goods were transported by boat, maybe we can track down some travel logs or something?
Chevreuse: We can certainly check the various ports for that information. It's possible, however, that Pierre's associate also used a small boat for the transport and docked along the shore rather than at a large port. If that's the case... It's unlikely there would be any record left behind.
Traveler: Have you looked into the ports already?
Chevreuse: Absolutely. Before Pierre disappeared, we made sure to investigate all sorts of outward-bound vessels. We also had port authorities keep a lookout for anything suspicious.
Chevreuse: ...Unfortunately, we were never able to find out how they managed to get the Imitation Sinthe across the border.
Traveler: A small boat and a few barrels isn't going to get you very far...
Chevreuse: You're right. Whatever vessel was used for the pick-up, the person responsible for smuggling the substance out of Fontaine would have had to use a larger vessel for the actual transport. That's the only way they would be able to smuggle on a large enough scale to make a profit.
Chevreuse: They must have found a way to disguise the Imitation Sinthe to clear port inspections.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Well even if we can't find any travel logs...

Option 2:

> Traveler: We can still search for other clues.

Chevreuse: Exactly. We can't let any opportunity slip through the cracks. Although... given the amount of ports that could be involved, we should probably split up.
Lyney: I'll run home and ask some of my brothers and sisters to try and dig up some information.
Chevreuse: #I should also head back and update my platoon on our progress. I'll grab some reinforcements while I'm at it. Lynette, Traveler, why don't you head to Lumidouce Harbor and see what you can find out?
Lynette: Alright. Come on, Bonnie. You too.
Bonnie: Meow!

## Conversation 9

Elodie: #Oh, Lynette, Traveler... and Bonnie, too! What brings you all here?
Chourei: Hmm... Did something happen?
Traveler: We're here to check the travel logs...
Black Screen Text: You update them on the situation...
Elodie: Ah, I see! Thank you for everything you're doing for the people of Fontaine.
Traveler: What are you doing here?
Elodie: I'm in charge of guarding the port. You mentioned you were after some travel logs, right? I can go fetch those for you.
Chourei: Looks like I've got another hard day of work ahead of me... *sigh*...
Traveler: Are things usually pretty hectic around here?
Chourei: No, not usually... It's this incident that happened recently. Before that, everything was normal... All we had to do was confiscate anything suspicious and we could call it a day — pretty simple stuff.
Chourei: But things are much more complicated now. We somehow let suspicious cargo pass through the port undetected, not even our Guard Poodles were able to sniff it out. Even worse, we still don't know how the perpetrator was able to conceal the goods so well...
Lynette: By suspicious cargo, do you mean Imitation Sinthe?
Chourei: Yep. However, prohibited substances are just one example. We confiscate all sorts of contraband during the course of our inspections... Or, at least, we're supposed to...
Lynette: ...So what happens to the goods you confiscate?
Chourei: Oh, we keep them in a storage locker. If they turn out to be something particularly dubious, we'll turn them over to the Maison Ordalie...
Chourei: If the goods are only slightly suspicious but could otherwise be harmless — like raw materials that could potentially be used to create contraband — we return them to the ship they were confiscated from, instead of letting them pass through the port.
Elodie: ...Sorry for the wait! These are the travel logs for all the recent activity at the port.
Girard: Woof! Woof!
Chourei: Oh... You brought Girard with you...
Elodie: Ah, actually, he followed me here himself. It's like he smells something on me...
Girard: Woof! Woof!
Bonnie: Meow!
Elodie: Huh...? I wonder why Girard is reacting to you two so strongly...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Could be because we just left the place where the Imitation Sinthe was made...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Whatever Girard smelled on you probably came from us...

Lynette: Huh, we were so careful not to touch it, but we still ended up with traces on us... If it leaves a residue so easily, I just don't understand how the culprit was able to disguise the goods at all.
Chourei: Why don't you have a look at the travel logs first? All ships coming in and out of the port are recorded here... except for the ones the port authorities ride to and from work!
Black Screen Text: You flip through the numerous travel logs...
You notice several instances where the "Humane Society" is listed... The name really seems to stand out.
Lynette: The Humane Society...
Traveler: We've encountered that organization before, right?
Lynette: Their name is all over the exit logs... The purpose for leaving is always listed as "overseas adoption."
Chourei: Ah, the director of the organization explained that, actually. He said a lot of the cat and dog breeds unique to Fontaine are also very popular overseas... So his organization offers an overseas adoption program.
Lynette: Bernard, the director of the Humane Society, was the man who came looking for Bonnie earlier...
Bonnie: Meow...
[Missing Dialog 191851635]

Traveler: (The cat that fled from Pierre looks just like the cat that the Humane Society is looking for... Could that really be a coincidence?)
Traveler: (It seemed as if Bernard was also hiding something... He seemed so insistent, but only ran a cursory check before just leaving like that.)
Traveler: (When he came looking for Bonnie earlier... What if he wasn't actually there to check if Bonnie was his missing cat...? Maybe he was there for some other purpose...)
Lynette: #...Have you figured it out too, Traveler? The way the criminal "disguised" the goods.

Lynette: When Bernard asked to take a closer look at Bonnie... He was actually checking whether there was any Imitation Sinthe in her stomach.

Option 1:

> Traveler: He was using the animals at his shelter...

Option 2:

> Traveler: To smuggle Imitation Sinthe...

Chourei: W—Wait, what!?
Lynette: The sealed bags we found at the secret base... They were specially made to be corrosion-resistant...
Traveler: ...So that they wouldn't be digested.
Lynette: There were gaps around the lids of the barrels, and airbags were used to keep them upright in the water....
Traveler: ...So that the animals would be able to breathe.
Lynette: Those drugs Chevreuse found at the secret base... She most likely didn't recognize them because they're not used on human beings... It's an anesthetic used on pets. The perpetrator must have given it to the animals...
Traveler: ...So that they would keep still in the floating barrels.
Lynette: Pierre... must have made the animals swallow the sealed bags full of Imitation Sinthe at his secret base. Then, he stuffed them into floating barrels and left the rest to Bernard.
Elodie: The sealed bags combined with an animal's body odor would certainly be enough to mask the scent of Imitation Sinthe...
Chourei: During our inspections... We would have never thought to inspect the bellies of those animals for anything suspicious... Even if we tried to feel around for something, I'm sure it would be difficult to detect!
Lynette: Exactly. I bet Bernard even transported animals with Sinthe in their stomach alongside ones without... That way, it would be even harder to say with certainty that something was amiss.
Traveler: Do you think Bonnie could have Imitation Sinthe in her stomach?
Lynette: ...She's probably in the clear. Otherwise, Bernard would have never left without her. I'm guessing he didn't know whether Pierre had already "hidden" the next batch of Imitation Sinthe before he fled.
Lynette: Just imagine — he sees the notice we put in the Steambird, and it turns out that one of the very cats he gave to Pierre for the smuggling operation is out in the open, roaming the streets of Fontaine...
Lynette: If Pierre had already "hidden" the next batch of Imitation Sinthe, then Bonnie would practically be living proof of their crimes. He would have had no choice but to go after her.
Elodie: So that's why he came to find you and insisted on taking a closer look at the cat...

Option 1:

> Traveler: Pierre must have fled in a hurry...

Option 2:

> Traveler: That fact is probably what spared Bonnie.

Chourei: Uh... Wait a second. I'm a little lost here... I get the part about hiding the substance in the pets, but those... What did you call them again? Floating barrels? Why even put the animals in there in the first place?
Chourei: If you've got something as convenient as a floating barrel, why not just stuff it with the Imitation Sinthe directly? Why not wait to "hide" the stuff until after the exchange has been made?
Lynette: In order to make sure the animals could swallow the sealed bags, they made them extremely thin. Had they not done that, the animals would have likely bitten or chewed through them.

Option 1:

> Traveler: And if any of the Imitation Sinthe leaked out...

Option 2:

> Traveler: They also would have needed a lot of cleaning agents to get rid of the resulting smell.

Lynette: That step would have required a lot of energy, as well as a certain amount of technical expertise, so it was better left to the more experienced Pierre.
Lynette: We've already proven how easy it is to pick up trace amounts of Imitation Sinthe, so I'm sure Bernard was taking all the precautions he could to avoid the same fate.
Girard: Woof! Woof!
Elodie: Okay, then let's head to the Humane Society right away and bring that guy to justice! I'll bring a Gardemek to speed up the process.

Traveler: (Hmm... But maybe I'm overthinking things a bit...)
Lynette: Missing text (910012290)

## Conversation 10

Elodie: The headquarters of the Humane Society should be somewhere around here. Bernard could show up any moment now...
Bernard: ...Ah! You're the people from earlier... Wait, you're from... the Gardes!?

## Conversation 11

Elodie: Now behave, and follow me to the interrogation room!
Bernard: Ow — that hurt — oww!!
Traveler: [Contemplation] (They're about to leave. Is it really okay to let them go?)

[Conditional branch]

Branch 1
Traveler: (We can leave Bernard's interrogation to the Gardes. Let's first rescue the animals at the Humane Society.)
Lynette: Is everything... really over?
Lynette: I still feel like... the relationship between Pierre and Bernard is not as simple as it appears.
Lynette: Also, I've had this strange sense that something's off the entire time we've been on the case... and it has only gotten worse.

Lynette: Hmm...

Lynette: Uhh...

Lynette: ...No good... I've still got nothing, and I'm nearly out of energy.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Don't force yourself.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Just leave it to Lyney and the others.

Lynette: ...Alright, I'll stop thinking about it for now. At the very least, we've made it so that no more animals will suffer like those poor animals did. That's what I hope...
Bonnie: Meow...
Lynette: Let's go to the Humane Society, and see if there are any animals left that might still need our help.
Lynette: Before my energy for today completely runs out...


Branch 2
Traveler: (No! We can't let her get away!)
Traveler: Hold it right there!
Elodie: Uh... is there something else you need from me, Traveler?
Traveler: ...Bernard and Pierre. They weren't really acting alone, were they?
Bernard: Huh...?
Lynette: ...I see. It all makes sense now.
Elodie: ...Hey, what are you talking about? Haha... Look, even our confessed criminal here has no idea what you're saying.
Lynette: Because he has been kept in the dark all along... and I assume it's the same with Pierre.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Bernard thought he was communicating with Pierre...
> Traveler: But for all this time, neither of them knew...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And Pierre thought he was taking orders from Bernard.
> Traveler: But for all this time, neither of them knew...

Option 3:

> Traveler: Bernard thought he was communicating with Pierre...
> Traveler: That there was a third person all along.

Option 4:

> Traveler: And Pierre thought he was taking orders from Bernard.
> Traveler: That there was a third person all along.

Elodie: —!
Lynette: That never quite added up for me. Why did Pierre feel compelled to return to his home with Bonnie and the pendant, and make them so easy to find for the Marechaussee Phantom?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Any animals Pierre received from the floating barrels should have been taken directly to his base.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And considering his precarious situation, the pendant should have been the last thing Pierre would leave lying around.

Lynette: Both of these things are in stark contrast to his usual meticulous and vigilant behavior. There's only one reasonable explanation — he was following orders, just like Bernard.
Lynette: He probably received the following instructions right before the Phantom came knocking on his door: "Bring the cat and the pendant, and our undercover agent will be sure to help you."
Lynette: Unbeknownst to him, however, the "third person" who wrote that letter to him... had long decided to sacrifice him and Bernard to save themselves.

Option 1:

> Traveler: They instructed the two men to communicate through letters and barrels specifically so that they'd never get to meet each other.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Honestly, this third person probably planned to sell both of them out from the very beginning.

Bernard: What... You can't be serious... There was a third person involved!?
Lynette: ...If you focus only on Bernard's testimony, it's easy to believe that only Bernard and Pierre were working together. The case appeared extremely simple — Bernard did the trafficking, Pierre the Imitation Sinthe production, drugging, and stuffing.
Traveler: With everything accounted for, the third person would then be cleared of all suspicion.
Elodie: W—Wait, but that doesn't make any sense. If that's the actual truth, then as soon as Pierre is caught, he will explain his side of the story, and the third person will—
Lynette: Yep, which is why... the third person made sure that Pierre would never be found again.
Lynette: Once they had instructed Pierre to expose himself, the third person wrote to Pierre again, suggesting that everything had been taken care of, and he should take Bonnie and safely return to his base.

Option 1:

> Traveler: They then ambushed Pierre...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And made him "disappear."

Lynette: Of course, Pierre's disappearance at such a sensitive time immediately made him a prime suspect. Knowing that Bonnie had last been seen with him...
Lynette: All the third person would have to do from that point on would be to lead the Phantom to investigate the Humane Society, and get Bernard to confess the "truth."

Option 1:

> Traveler: Bernard would then testify that Pierre was the one who came up with the whole plot.

Option 2:

> Traveler: And Pierre would be seen as having gone into hiding in anticipation of getting caught.

Bernard: Wait... So you're saying... That the letter I received yesterday, the one that made me think Pierre was still alive... It was also sent by the third person?
Elodie: Is... Is that what happened!? I'll get back to headquarters right away, and re-investigate this case from the top!
Traveler: Not so fast.
Lynette: Chevreuse said that "assumptions can be detrimental to solving a case." Someone among us, however, has been feeding us all kinds of preconceived notions ever since our first meeting.
Lynette: They suggested that Pierre's disappearance was an attempt to escape the judgment of the law, and that Pierre was a scion of the Lefevere family...
Lynette: But if the "disappearance" is truly just a coverup for a murder, then couldn't the true scion have been an illegitimate daughter, rather than an illegitimate son?
Traveler: Miss Elodie Lefevere?
Bernard: ...Huh?
Elodie: Ha.. Haha... Hahahaha!
Elodie: Haven't you taken this joke a bit too far? You're right, I did let a lot of assumptions get to my head when I first started to talk to you about the case. I'll make sure to correct my behavior...
Lynette: You deliberately fed us lies, but even you could not control every last detail of your plan. There was a flaw in your scheme... and something didn't quite go as planned.
Lynette: Getting the Marechaussee Phantom to notice Pierre was only the first part of your plan. Had they failed to take notice of the Humane Society, they could have cast a wider net...
Lynette: And you couldn't predict what they might possibly find, if given enough time. This, of course, was the main weakness of your plan.

Option 1:

> Traveler: And once the Special Patrol and Lyney got involved...

Option 2:

> Traveler: It became even harder to control the outcome of the investigation.

Lynette: As someone accustomed to acting from behind the scenes, you didn't want to take the risk of personally proposing a raid on the Humane Society. So, you thought about pulling a few more strings, so all the suspicion would point towards Bernard and his Society...
Traveler: A great option, of course, would be to also dispose of Bonnie, and leave her body at Pierre's base in anticipation of a later discovery.
Lynette: Once the Phantom expanded their search, it would only be a matter of time before they found Pierre's base. If a cat last seen with the suspect turned up dead at the Imitation Sinthe base...
Lynette: It wouldn't be long until the Phantom would figure out exactly how she had been mistreated, and turn their eyes towards the one organization that has been sending boatloads of animals out of Fontaine.

Option 1:

> Traveler: However, something unexpected happened at the base...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Bonnie managed to escape in the chaos.

Lynette: It was probably during your ambush of Pierre... You didn't even have the time to check if she had already been stuffed full of Imitation Sinthe.
Bonnie: Meow!
Elodie: ...!
Lynette: Still, you soon found another opportunity. Before long, Bonnie had made her way back into the city, and even popped up on The Steambird...

Lynette: Like Bernard, you desperately wanted to confirm the contents of her stomach, so you hurried to find us. Unlike Bernard, however, you were hoping that Pierre did have the time to make her swallow a load of Imitation Sinthe.
Lynette: While investigating the suspect's cat, we unexpectedly discovered that the suspect has been smuggling Imitation Sinthe using living animals as intermediaries. That was your plan, in any case. With that, you'd have been able to lead the investigation towards the Humane Society.

Option 1:

> Traveler: But Bonnie was very lucky.

Option 2:

> Traveler: But you were extremely unlucky.

Lynette: ...Bonnie had managed to escape before Pierre was able to stuff her full of Imitation Sinthe. That part of your plan could no longer be carried out. But as shrewd as you were, you came up with another plan right away...
Lynette: #You manipulated Traveler and I to help you identify Bernard as a key suspect.

Option 1:

> Traveler: You knew Lyney was investigating the case with Chevreuse...

Option 2:

> Traveler: And you also knew of Lynette's previous encounter with the Lefevere family.

Lynette: You used the Lefevere name as bait to get us to join your investigation. With two extra bodies around, the Special Patrol is sure to soon take note of the strange event of Bernard somehow having a reason to look for Pierre's cat.
Elodie: ...Ha, so what you're saying is... I went to all that trouble, just for the chance that you might put forth a suggestion that would lead you down the wrong path?
Lynette: Of course, you did far more than that. Just now, at Lumidouce Harbor... Were you not the person who highlighted the suspicious activities of the Society?
Traveler: By showing us the port's travel logs...
Elodie: ...Ugh!
Lynette: You even highlighted the Society's activities during your compilation of the logs, so they'd be immediately visible to anyone examining the records.
Lynette: Moreover, the logs contained no records of the port authorities' activities. In other words, your activities.
Elodie: ...And what are you trying to suggest with that?
Lynette: I am insinuating that you had plenty of opportunities to transfer the raw materials for Imitation Sinthe from the harbor to a boat, and then sail over to the meeting place full of floating barrels.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Once Bernard had placed the animals in the barrels...

Option 2:

> Traveler: You'd open the lids and also dump in the raw materials.

Traveler: As long as you did it before Pierre came for his pickup, there'd be no one the wiser.
Lynette: And that's how neither the trafficker nor the manufacturer knew there was a third person who supplied the raw materials, and surreptitiously operated between them.

Option 1:

> Traveler: First, you got in touch with both parties, and secured the raw materials.
> Traveler: After that, you slipped the raw materials into the barrels next to the animals...

Option 2:

> Traveler: Then, you instructed Bernard to prepare the floating barrels and the animals.
> Traveler: After that, you slipped the raw materials into the barrels next to the animals...

Option 3:

> Traveler: First, you got in touch with both parties, and secured the raw materials.
> Traveler: And requested that Pierre pick up the barrels and bring them back to his base.

Option 4:

> Traveler: Then, you instructed Bernard to prepare the floating barrels and the animals.
> Traveler: And requested that Pierre pick up the barrels and bring them back to his base.

Lynette: Pierre manufactured Imitation Sinthe using the raw materials you provided, stuffed the animals, and placed the animals back into the barrels.
Lynette: Having received the green light from you as "Pierre," Bernard then retrieved his animals, and shipped them out of Fontaine once he had received enough for a full batch. This is the truth behind your smuggling ring.
Bernard: I can't believe it... I never put two and two together...
Elodie: Hahaha... You've sure got an extremely lively imagination.
Lynette: So, what do you think she's going to say next?

Option 1:

> Traveler: Ever thought about a career in writing crime novels?
> Elodie: Ever thought about a career in writing crime novels, huh?

Option 2:

> Traveler: But do you have any evidence?
> Elodie: But do you have any evidence, hm?

Lynette: Mhm, it appears that it's quite easy to predict what you'll think or say. Then, if we apply that to this case, we can also think of a few places to look for incriminating evidence.
Lynette: You know very well that this case will not end until Pierre is found, so you will have him "commit suicide" out of fear and shame to end the investigation for good.
Lynette: That way, you can also pin the blame for the overseas smuggling activities, the theft of the harbor's confiscated raw materials, and even the Lefevere name on him. After all, dead men tell no tales.
Lynette: But you still want it to appear as if he had sent that last letter to Bernard, so you have to make sure he cannot be found until after Bernard has confessed to the authorities.
Lynette: To do that, you either will hide his body until you've found an appropriate time to set up a fake suicide scene, or you'll dump it someplace where it'll be hard to determine the exact time of death. Submerged in water, for instance...
Lynette: The location would ideally allow you to keep the body hidden for some time while also letting you keep an eye on it.

Option 1:

> Traveler: An example of such a place may be... somewhere in your own boat.

Option 2:

> Traveler: Or underneath the waters near Lumidouce Harbor.

Option 3:

> Traveler: You could also keep him in a very cool environment to be handled later.

Option 4:

> Traveler: Or set a fire to make it look like he had burned himself to a crisp.

Lynette: There are only so many options to hide a person's time of death, after all. As long as the Phantom investigates each of the possibilities in turn, they'll surely find Pierre's remains.
Lynette: Especially since... as the prime suspect who will now be taken into custody, you will no longer have the time to move him, or set up a fake suicide scene to cover up the murder.
Elodie: How absurd... And on what grounds will you order my arrest? Don't think for a second that your spouts of nonsense will amount to any kind of real argument. After all, I'm—
Chevreuse: Elodie Lefevere!
Chevreuse: As the captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, I hereby declare you as a suspect in the case. If you have any objections, you may raise them later during interrogation.

Option 1:

> Traveler: Chevreuse! Lyney!

Option 2:

> Traveler: You're here, too!

Lyney: That's right, we received a message from Lumidouce Harbor that you were going to investigate the Humane Society. We didn't expect to run into you at such a critical moment.
Chevreuse: While at the Harbor, we noticed something else extremely interesting... Apparently, you often used all kinds of excuses to swap your shifts.
Chevreuse: And if one were to match the times of your shifts to the activities of the Humane Society and those of certain foreign ships, they'd find them to be an exact match.
Elodie: Th—That's just a coincidence!
Lynette: Yes, I'm sure you have already thought of a dozen different ways to explain away the suspicious activities, but as far as evidence goes... that should be enough to warrant taking you into custody.
Lyney: Don't worry. If it turns out that the Gardes are still unable to find any evidence after all of this, Lynette and I will do everything in our power to clear your name.
Elodie: Ha... Hahaha...
Lynette: ...Although judging by her reaction, I assume no follow-up from us will be needed.
Elodie: Tch...!
Chevreuse: The Lefeveres were infamous for using disguise and infiltration to achieve their goals... Who would have thought that they would have planted someone within the Gardes.
Lynette: Judging from the timeline, they likely arranged for you to enter the Gardes before the fall of the clan... But they probably didn't expect you to turn it to your advantage, and use your job to save yourself during the purge.
Chevreuse: Not only that, but you actively participated in the interrogation, arrest, and judgment of the Lefeveres during their fall, thus clearing yourself of suspicion.
Chevreuse: You brutally and cruelly abandoned your allies as soon as they outlived their usefulness, just like a lizard cutting off its own tail in order to live... You've been doing this for years!
Bernard: So... So you played me like a fool after all! Ugh...!
Black Screen Text: Bernard is suddenly knocked out by a sudden strike...


## Conversation 12

Elodie: Give it up, Bernard!
Bernard: —Oof!
Bernard: —Mercy, have mercy! I'll talk! I'll tell you everything I know!
Lynette: The Humane Society has done so much good over the years, and yet, you have committed such an atrocious deed in its name...
Bernard: L—Look, I didn't have a choice, okay!? My father cared about those blasted animals so much that he didn't bother to take care of his human wife and son at all... While those animals were showered with love, I lived worse than a dog...
Elodie: No one asked! Tell me, how did you first get to know Pierre?
Bernard: Well... After I took over the Humane Society, it gradually became harder and harder to maintain its operations... Until one day, someone suddenly passed me a letter...
Bernard: It said that I could stand to get a large sum of money as long as I helped them to transport some animals abroad... It was only after a few such "transports" that I finally understood what I was really transporting.
Bernard: But then, Pierre wrote to me, saying that we were already partners in crime and that I better keep cooperating with him if I didn't want to be reported to the Gardes...
Traveler: (There was a hint of dishonesty in his trembling voice...)
Traveler: He's lying.
Lynette: ...You knew it from the very beginning, didn't you? The reason why you had to go through so many steps just to transport some "animals."
Elodie: I'd suggest that you confess everything right now if you don't want to add anything else to your list of crimes.
Bernard: Eek! Y—Yes, officer...
Bernard: I would order wooden barrels and flotation devices according to his instructions, and then load the sleeping animals onto a boat. Once I sailed to the location he provided, I would dump everything together into the sea...
Bernard: And a few days after that, I'd come by again in my boat, and pick up the animals sleeping in the barrels. Once I had received enough of them, I'd bring them to the Harbor to be adopted abroad.
Bernard: That guy Pierre... He was running the entire show! He set up all the meeting times and found all the foreign adopters... Oh, and he even supplied all of the goods, too! I just did the transport, he was the one who planned out and executed everything else!
Traveler: So, where is he now?
Bernard: L—Look, I don't know, okay!? I've never ever met him in person! We've only ever communicated through letters...
Lynette: And when did he send his final letter to you?
Bernard: J—Just last night! He said that the Marechaussee Phantom is now after him, so he's planning to go into hiding for some time. He didn't mention where he's thinking about going, though... But he did tell me to look out for the Gardes...
Elodie: It's been a few days since Pierre's last appearance... I'd wager that he sent that letter after he found his hiding spot.
Traveler: So, where is that letter now?
Bernard: I—I burned them... It was on his orders. I had to burn every letter after reading them — I wasn't even allowed to share them with the rest of the Society employees.
Lynette: ...Sure sounds like you're trying to use the lack of witnesses or evidence to pin the blame on Pierre.
Bernard: N—No! I swear, this time, I'm only telling you the truth!
Elodie: Well, we can check the truth of your statements at the opera house. I hope you know what'll be coming for you if I were to find any discrepancy between the evidence and the testimony you just gave!
Bernard: I know! I know! I swear I was just telling the truth!
Elodie: Phew... My thanks to you both. Had it not been for you, I really don't know what would have happened to this case...
Lynette: Bonnie helped, too.
Elodie: Haha, that's true. It was all thanks to her that Bernard was finally exposed.
Bonnie: Meow!
Black Screen Text: Bonnie suddenly runs and hides behind you and Lynette.
Elodie: Haha, and it looks like she's grown quite fond of you two as well. Then I'll leave you be — just let me know if you find any other new leads.
Lynette: ...
Traveler: (It seems that Lynette still has something on her mind...)